"Ok, I'm a BBQ fan. St. Louis, Chicago, Philly, Memphis, Texas I love em all. I have often dragged my wife on BBQ treks for hundreds of miles. With that being said I have to begin by saying that Bobby Q has EXCELLENT BBQ. Tender, smoky and chock full o' flavor. I have been here multiple times and have never had anything that disappointed me...until last night. An event so treacherous and diabolical that it prevented me from rating them with 5 stars. The horror!

The in-laws were in from the East Coast and we decided to take them there for dinner. Everything was smashing and up to par as usual until dessert came. Now I have to go on record as saying that I always loved the heaping pile of scrumptious peach cobbler that they serve on the dessert menu. So much so that I convinced my table of 6 to order 3 since they are usually large enough to share and stunningly delicious. Every time I go to Bobby Q I finish off my meal with it and love to complain to my wife as I waddle out of the building (in the grand tradition of glutinous American excess) that I ate too much and my belly hurt. I was looking forward to lamenting my fate yet again last night. But alas, I was in for a shocking turn of events and was dubbed a deceitful liar by the entire table. 

To my horror when the cobblers arrived, they were measly, sickly, ill-prepared portions and a pale shadow of what they were on previous visits. We were plagued with three bowls of undercooked (as in practically raw) peaches that tasted like they were straight from a can and a soggy, undercooked thin square of ""crust"" sitting on top as an afterthought.  This flavorless absurdity could only have been more demeaning if it were capable of speech and threw dated insults at us. It literally looked like they dumped half a can of uncooked peach slices in a bowl and threw a wet piece of thin white bread on top. All three servings were like this. Now on EVERY occasion in the past the cobbler was gigantic, actually was cooked and warm, had a delectable FULL crust and tasted like it came out of Gramma' Cobbler's oven fresh. To this peach cobbler bizarro universe doppelganger I spit at thee and thine preparer. Bah I say. BAH.

Of course, we complained to the waitress who was nice but said she didn't know that it was any different from normal.  She went back to whoever prepared them and came back saying that the preparer said ""they're the same as they always were"" which either proved the preparer's incompetence or their willingness to shame the establishment with a bowl full of cobbler-like lies. Our waitress even said she talked to the manager who went back to speak with the preparer...but said manager never came out to either see the imposter cobblers or speak with us about it, which rates as quite poor customer service.  Overall, it left a dark mark on an otherwise belly -bustingly deeeelicious visit. Shame on you Robert Q, shame. 

So, I will still eat at Bobby Q. as their dinner fare IS fantastic (assuming there are no more obvious but blatently denied changes such as with the cobbler), the environment is cozy and the staff are (generally) quite pleasant. However,  I will be wary about ordering the dessert in the future and about the quality and integrity of their customer service skills. I would advise you to use the same caution."
"Another awesome find on Yelp!  The food is amazing. Hard to decide what to eat it all looked so delicious. My wife and I ended up getting the bbq chicken and ribs and sharing. 

The crispy onion rings had a nice chipotle kick to them. To top it off they give you cinnamon sugar donuts complimentary. 

Great atmosphere. Friendly wait staff. Ate outside on the covered patio. Which is great in February when you are from Chicago."
"No need to go into full details but let's say I had the mutha f&$&in best FOOD COMA lol.  The service is incredible and the food again... Just keep in mind FOOD..... COMA.  

Oh yeah a very very good recommendation is to get RESERVATIONS before you go.  You feel like VIP when everyone just waits outside hoping to get a seat.


Thank you BOBBY Q's"
"My hubby & I aren't the biggest BBQ fans but Bobby Q is definitely a fav of ours! I have been here a few times for lunch with my dad & the engineering company I used to work for would always order it in for lunch meetings. Last night I wasn't in the mood to cook dinner so I called in a to go order & used my $50 gc I got for my bday, thx bro!

I ordered the following for the Mr. & I: q-rolls (app), smokehouse burger (no bbq sauce-add mustard) with shoestring fries, half rack of back baby ribs with mac & cheese & potato salad & for dessert their homemade mud pie. Oh & it also came with 4 pieces of cornbread & I bought a bottle of their BBQ sauce. 

The q-rolls were so freakin good, the chipotle dip that comes with is delish! My hubs said his burger was just ok but loved the fries. My ribs were fall off the bone tender & the mac & cheese was yummy. I didn't have room for the potato salad, but I've had it before & it's always good. I have to say their cornbread is so amazing, possibly the best I've ever had! The mud pie was just ok, the cookie crust had a weird taste & they used vanilla & chocolate ice cream, I prefer it with mocha. My hubby however, thought it was very good. 

We'll definitely be back whenever we have a craving for some delicious BBQ!"
Food was wonderful. Had Bob's salad. Hubby had brisket. Mac and Cheese is the bomb. Server Meghan was awesome. Very attentive and explained everything. Will be coming back for sure!!!!
"Really liked this place.great atmosphere and fantastic service. I had the trio of baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork. Topped it off with a side of Mac n cheese and pecan Cole slaw. Some of the best I've ever had."
"Top-notch, enthusiastic waiter who understands customer service; outstanding food!  An expansive menu with big satisfying portions!  Very clean and organized restaurant, which tells me management takes pride in this establishment.  My only negative comment:  the young girl taking us to our table was quite rude.  If the hostess/greeter was welcoming and friendly I would rate 5-stars on a first visit.  For those residing in the East Valley, it is worth the trip!"
"This second time here. Last time we had the combo BBQ platter, which was good. This time we shared the 14 oz ribeye. It came with 2 sides and cornbread. We chose baked potato and pecan cole slaw. Steak was cooked perfectly, and seasoned well. Both sides were very good.
Our server was Bre. It was her first day, and she did an excellent job!
They give you warm mini donuts as you leave, which was a nice treat.
We will definitely be back."
"Awesome BBQ goodness!

Bobby Q's is right off I17 and was easy to find for us out-of-towners. The parking lot is huge and when we went it was really quiet.

The interior has a bit more of an upscale vibe to it, not like an old traditional bbq place. The service was good and they give you mini-doughnuts at the end.

We ordered the whole hog platter to share amongst the two of us and it was definitely enough food. I don't think it'd be enough food for three hungry people, but definitely two. We had the brisket, pulled pork, beef ribs and st louis ribs.

The mac & cheese was delicious. It was creamy, cheesy and amazing. Definitely worth getting. The garlic mash potatoes were also very good, but not as mouth watering as the mac & cheese. If I had to do it again I would just have the three sides as mac & cheese, it was that good.

All of the meat was tender - the meat feel right off the bone of the ribs and we could cut the brisket with our forks. It was delicious with the smoked flavour and sauce they put on. Unlike other places they do put some sauce on it, which is how I prefer it. It's not overpowering and drenched in sauce to prevent you from tasting the actual flavour of the meat though.

Price wise it was a little higher than other restaurants (Seems to be $18-25 per person) we had been to, however the quality of the food is well worth it. Unfortunately we were too full to try the dessert, but that's OK because there's nothing wrong with filling up with meaty goodness."
"Definitely liked this place. After my cousin convinced me to come here (because I'm not a huge fan of BBQ) I was pleased. I ordered the country fried chicken. It comes with mash potatoes and choice of one side (I chose Mac&Cheese....I know two starches). The cornbread is complimentary, super hot and yummy. My friend ordered the baby back ribs with Mac and baked potatoes (2 starches again). I tried some of her ribs and they were really good, falling off the bone good. I definitely would come back when I visit Arizona. I would love to try the pulled pork or the beef brisket. At the end of your meal they give you a bag of complimentary donuts that resembles the taste of churros. 

My waiter was really nice and very attentive to us as we told him it was our first time dining at the establishment. The manager even walked over to us to make sure everything was fine. The staff appeared to be really nice and courteous."
Bobby Q never disappoints.  They serve the best chocolate martinis and I have  one or two every visit.  I usually order steak or BBQ combo. Tonight I tried the fried chicken with mashed potatoes/gravy.  Another winner.
"Started with the Q-Rolls. Shredded BBQ Brisket inside flaky pastry. Great idea. Great with Chipotle sauce. I had Baby Back Ribs with a loaded baked potato and Mac 'n cheese.  Everything was prepared to perfection.  Oh....and the cornbread.....best I've ever had.

I would definitely return. I would also say Texas BBQ is the best. Service was excellent."
Yum.   This place is great.  Nice atmosphere.  Bar tender is very pleasant.  Tried the pulled pork.  Best I have ever had.
Tried their pulled pork and chicken at Scottsdale BBQ festival and decided to go to their restaurant. Still think that chicken was the best and the ribs coming as close 2nd. Don't think the pullpork was that good - a little dry when we have it. The beef brisket was average.
"I have absolutely no idea how this place has so many great reviews. We were in the mood for bbq one recent Saturday night and the place we wanted to try only stayed open until 7, so we found this place on yelp and decided with so many great reviews, we should give it a try. 

Let's just say the cornbread was the highlight of the meal and I've had better cornbread. We ordered the Three Meat Combo and chose the St. Louis Style Ribs (they were out of the Baby Back Ribs), the brisket and the pulled pork. For our sides, we got the mac & cheese and the ranch style beans. The beans were good and the ribs were just ok. The mac & cheese was definitely not up to par. The brisket had so much fat on it, it wasn't even edible and I had to drown the pulled pork in bbq sauce to eat it.

Minutes after we were given our food, they asked if we wanted boxes, and then came back a few minutes later and did the same thing. Not good service. Also - I was excited about the free mini donuts they give you to go. But - they're so bad, they're not even worth eating.

Pretty sure we won't be coming back here."
"Honestly I hadn't been here since the name change however, I was very happy to return.  There was three of us and we all wanted similar things however we all had a hard time deciding. The waitress was great at making recommendations and  getting us what we wanted. We all agree the whole hog is the way to go. The manager even came by to check on us. Great place we will be back"
"We had a delicious lunch at Bobby-Q's!
We were traveling through Phoenix from So Cal and wanted a good BBQ to celebrate Memorial Day. The highest reviews were for Bobby -Q's so we decided to drive the extra way to give it a try.  We were glad we did! Fun atmosphere and delicious food! The hostess greeted us found a great seat. Scott was a very enthusiastic and watchful server who made us feel welcome and helped us have a great experience. We will definitely come back when we're in town and will recommend Bobby-Q's to friends and family!"
I cannot say enough positive things about this spot. My wife and I loved the ambiance and everything we ordered. The service was great. If there was a draw back it would be a little pricy but not too bad.
"Ridiculously the Best 1st Time Experience of My Life!  This was My Last Stop Before Heading Back to  L.A. The Front Desk at THE CROWNE PLAZA Highly Recommended this Place Since I was Here on a Business Trip. I Was Ready to Head Back to PAPPADEAUX'S SEAFOOD KITCHEN for the 3RD Time this Weekend and I'm Soooo Glad I Took Their Advice! 

 MONIQUE Was My Server.  And Not Only Was She On Top of Her Game and Answered My Questions with the Conviction of a Preacher Giving A Sermon on a Sunday,  But She was as Beautiful as the Heavanly CORN BREAD She Brought Me and My Client!  For Starters the Q-ROLL'S Were SCRUMPTIOUSLY Delicious with 2 Different Sauces! The MIX COMBO MEAT PLATTER of BEEF BRISKET AND PULLED PORK Was Off the Chain JUICY and FORK TENDER! The BOBBY Q CHEESE BURGER that My Client Ordered was As Thick, Juicy and Made To Order as Any I Have Ever Laid Eyes On! Unfortunately,  I Wasn't Prepared to Handle Desert, (THERE VERSION OF BANANA CREAM PIE,  OUCH!) Especially Since I Had a 5 Hour Road Trip Back to La La. CAN I SAY FOOD COMA!  NOT! I'm Not Gonna Get Pulled Over By ARIZONA HIGHNOON PATROL For a DUI A La BOBBY Q! 
And If You Even Think that I'm Over Playin' My Hand then Just Head Over There and Call My Bluff! 

Like General Douglas Mac Arthur said to the People of the Philippines in WWII or Arnold Schwarzenegger said in The Terminator... ""I'LL BE BACK""!"
"Awesome place! A huge welcome when we came in. Food was FAST! Also they gave complimentary corn bread and doughnuts at the end. Our server Jake was awesome, very friendly and checked in and kept us up with our water. Menu offered a good variety and price was reasonable. 10/10 would recommend. Also got 10% off for checking in with yelp."
This place is a perfect BBQ place .. every time I come it's excellent food I think is one of the top places to try in Arizona
The best BBQ I have ever had!! My husband is a rib lover and said he has never had ribs like these... not to mention they have great staff!! Chelsea our waitress was great never had to ask for a refill!! Thanks!!
"Booby Q's baby back ribs are always prefect, very tender and the favor is the best! The ambiance is quite nice as well. The staff are always attentive and friendly!"
"Anyone that doesn't give this place at least 4 stars probably thinks Burger King is real food. 

 This place has consistently provided the wife and I with amazing food for over 10 years."
"My wife and I had heard about this place from a friend. In the past, we have always relied on ourselves to barbecue at home as Phoenix sucks when it comes to bbq restaurants. All I can say is WOW! We arrived early on a Saturday to avoid the crowds and were seated as soon as we walked in. Our server, Hal (Harold), explained the menu, answered all of our questions and was very attentive throughout our meal. We were very impressed with everything from start to finish and will definitely be back. There are a lot of awesome pictures of the Bobby Q's plates on yelp, and it all looks so good. Also noticed a great sense of teamwork and pride by the entire staff. That means the management is doing their job and doing it well!"
Bobby-Q's is fairly well-known in Phoenix and I understand why. The atmosphere and indoor/outdoor seating are perfect for any occasion. The food comes in very large portions and the restaurant tends to be on the louder side. It's great for large groups. Order the drink that comes in the pineapple... You won't be disappointed!
Boasts excellent BBq. My daughter loved the baby backs but I am a little more difficult to impress. Family friendly which is always a plus in my book.
"Love this atmosphere and did I mention the free treat at the end?! (drool) I love the mac and cheese! it is a must, the staff is super nice as well. Great for birthdays, a date, or even to bring your family!"
"Good BBQ west of Texas is simply hard to find. This is Tennessee style BBQ, slow cooked over Hickory. Definitely a carnivore spot!

The Q Rolls are excellent with the Chipotle dressing. Also, I really like the avocado salad with brisket. They'll bring you a side of Salsa and the Chipotle dressing which when mixed provide a creative dressing v the house ranch. 

Service is great and the ambiance is very nice."
"Amazing BBQ!  Due to the distance we do not eat here regularly, but the times we have, we have been pleasantly surprised -- even our picky eater, eats all his food!"
"We came here and ordered the Q roles. The Q roles were an appetizer, but  I am pretty sure that could work as an entre for one person. Our main dish was the 3 meat combo. We chose the string fries and mac and cheese as our side dishes. Baby back ribs, brisket and beef ribs were our meats. Everything was delicious! The portions were definitely bigger than we expected. And both my boyfriend and I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow. The customer service was very friendly and the manager even came to greet us and make sure we were enjoying everything. We loved our first visit here & definitely recommend it to other people who like the Texas style barbecue."
"The husband and I were on our way to Sedona the night of 3-3-2016 and decided to stop in this metropolis for food. Did a yelp and this restaurant popped up with very good ratings.  The place was packed and we had to wait about 25 mins, this was a good sign. Our server Michael was amazing, personable, warm, friendly and very helpful with our ordering and everything else.  We told Michael we were not going to have a fridge in our hotel room, so did not want leftovers.  He suggested we share a plate since the portions are large.  We ordered the beef ribs with mac and cheese and bar b q beans and an extra side of mac and cheese.  The mac n cheese was generous and creamy and cheesy, there was a cheddar flavor in there that just made you want to sing. The bar b q beans was so flavorful and plentiful and the beef ribs were smoky and tender and the bar b q sauce was to die for.    Renie came by as we were eating to make sure we were happy with our meal.  Nice classy touch, we were emphatic fans by then.  She also told us to save room for the complimentary fresh doughnuts to be delivered at the end of our meal.  Wow!  And they did not disappoint.  The doughnuts where so hot we had to be careful, this should be the ONLY way doughnuts ought to be served. Do not walk, run to this place, you will not be disappointed."
"This is our favorite casual restaurant. Easily the best BBQ we've had, period. The beef brisket or baby back ribs are particularly good."
"on my way home from visiting family in Sedona, I thought it would be a good idea to stop in Phoenix to grab food before we drive back to California. Getting out of the heat without walking into an icebox made the meal very relaxing. My server Justin made sure to help me out with some amazing suggestions as well as made sure I never ran out of water or cornbread. I ended up getting a two meat combo of baby back ribs and some brisket. The brisket shredded easily and I couldn't pick up my ribs by the bone, absolutely delicious."
Wonderful barbecue and ribs! Top notch service in a family friendly atmosphere. This is one of my favorite joints in town! Be sure to order extra sides with your meats as they are just like homemade. The mashed potatoes are my favorite!
"My wife and her parents came to Bobby Q's to celebrate a birthday.  My wife and I ordered the ""Whole Hog Heaven"" (Baby Back Ribs, Beef Ribs, Pork, Brisket, Mac & Cheese, and Potato Salad).  Our meal was simply amazing.  My wife said, ""This is the best BBQ I have ever had"".  The Brisket was absolutely amazing and the ribs fell off the bone.  My wife preferred the Baby Back Ribs over the Beef Ribs, but they were both excellent.  

Since we were celebrating a birthday, our waitress brought us a desert.  We ordered the Bread Pudding...it was AWESOME."
"We are first timers and definitely wil be back.  The ribs were awesome, but the brisket was outstanding. Our bartender Ashley made awesome recommendations and we have more than enough for dinner tonight too.  We went to Whole Hog Heaven and it was spectacular.... not on the diet.. but spectacular.   We will be back."
"This is the second time here, the last time was many years ago, way before there was a yelp.   The food is good, and the service was great, Hunter (waiter) was very attentive to our table, even as busy as he was  good job hunter.  My wife and I shared the Whole Hog Heaven (48) it is a designed for 2, but it is enough food for 3 to 4 people.  every thing we got with it had good flavor.

My only complaint was the drink we order was a chocolate martini, sporting an Oreo cookie when served it was missing the Oreo,  Come to find out they where out of Oreo, now tell me if I am wrong but how hard would it to be if they went to the store and got a couple of bags of Oreo, or take it off the drink special sheet.  Now I will say when I said some thing to the manager walking around he did accommodate us and took it off the bill, but the reason I got the drink is because I have dip an Oreo in milk, but have never dipped in in vodka, I was bummed."
"I went to this place with some friends, and with an open mind. The service was great! Unfortunately, the food was so-so. I ordered the pulled pork and received a rather dry pile of shredded pork topped with a dollop of barbecue sauce. The vegetables on the side had this intense, artificial ""liquid smoke"" smell that was so strong I almost could not eat them. The other side dish I ordered was the mac-and-cheese, which tasted of the Kraft variety. The menu said it had three cheeses in it, mine had a chunk of unmelted cheddar in the middle that was not very appetizing.

The other people I was eating with liked their food. One ordered baby back ribs and the other had some kind of a roast. Typical overpriced American fare."
"The food and service here was amazing! Made a pit stop for some food before heading to the airport after hiking havasupai and was very happy with the outcome. Shannon the manager made sure to stop by our table and introduce herself which we appreciated, our server (i think her name was Natalie) did a GREAT job with recommending food unlike most restaurants where they tend to lack that. The food was so good! We can't wait till our next trip back to arizona this is definitely a place worth going to! From the service to the food to the free donuts at the end!"
"Accessibility (Parking / Wait Time)

1/1 Star: parking lot. 2 minute wait with reservation. 

_____

Service (Waiter / Cleanness / Ambiance)

1/1 Star: very nice waitress. Very clean for a BBQ place. This place looks cool. Feels like a secret shack but its clean and decorated very well. Seats wee comfortable. The manager even came out to say hello and if we needed any thing. 

_____

Taste (0=Not Edible / 1=Edible / 2=Good (average) / 3=Must Try!)

3/3 Stars: BEST BBQ I have ever had! Everything was soft, smooth, and melt in your mouth! The brisket is a MUST TRY! And make sure you get a burnt end!!! I've never had a better bite of brisket than that burnt end. Even after I ate the burnt end my mouth was watering for more. The mac & cheese was extremely creamy and delicious. The mash potatoes were also extremely creamy and delicious. It's very rare that I like mash potatoes without gravy but this was amazing! There wasn't even bacon bits on the mash potatoes and it was still delicious! Pulled pork was so soft it almost had the consistency of the mash potatoes. Ribs fell off the bones and were delicious. Fried chicken fillet was very crispy and juicy and was covered is delicious gravy. The only thing that wasn't for me was the BBQ chicken. The Sunday family feast could feed more like 2 normal people. The free mini doughnuts at the end were hot, fresh, and delicious as they fall apart between your fingers as you pick up the super fresh sucker that was fried probably 10 seconds before it got to you. Simply put, food here is amazing and was worth the $40 taxi ride there from the JW Marriott Dessert Ridge and the $40 taxi ride back. 

_____

Overall Experience
5/5 Stars 

_____

Last Words
BEST BBQ I'VE EVER HAD!"
"We enjoy out BBQ and have eaten the ""Q"" all over. In addition I have my own smoker and have taken classes from some fine pit men and competition winners from KC and Memphis. I really enjoy the meat here but was very disappointed when we ordered a selection of pork ribs, brisket and beef ribs for a trip to Utah. We wanted some good food while hiking the parks. Everything was great except the beef ribs. We got 6 ribs with NO MEAT. I mean literally NO MEAT just smoked bones. If you ever had smoked beef ribs you know that there is a solid 3/4 to 1 inch thick strip of meat on the top side of the rib. The ones from here were stripped to the bone with only a little meat on the side. They ended up being expensive dog treats. everything else was great. DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON BEEF RIBS.  Always great service and drinks."
"Haven't been here since the Bobby McGee days, gotta say it didn't disappoint. Food was amazing as well as the service. Our server accidentally messed up our order but the manager Jo comped the entire meal.  Now that's service! Although out waitress Alena made a mistake she too was amazing and took great care of us. I'll be back for sure. Thanks Jo and Alena."
"My family and I decided to visit last night.  This was my third time and their first.  What can I say that has not already been said in previous reviews.  We knew to arrive early on a Saturday (4pm) with reservations for 4:15.  It was just starting to become busy with about 50% tables filled.  Our server was AJ.  Very knowledgeable and attentive.  Made excellent recommendations. We started with those little Q-rolls.  A meal could be made of those alone but we restrained ourselves.  Egg roll type dough wrapped around BBQ beef with Chipotle and bbq dipping sauces.  Yum.  
    My family had beers.  Not a beer drinker myself but they have a good selection.  I had the frozen lemonade which was excellent.  Only change I would make would be to leave the sugar off the glass rim because it falls off and makes everything sticky.  Not enough paper napkins at the table to dip into the water glass to try to clean up the sugar mess.
   Main meals were outstanding.  Between the 3 of us we had sausage, brisket, fried catfish, and 3 orders of baby back ribs.  All were fall off the bone, tender and flavorful.  The catfish was a crispy breaded boneless fillet, perfect size. Extra BBQ sauce was brought to the table by AJ.  Spicy and mild.  Combining the 2 brought on an extra depth of flavor.
   Our sides were cole slaw, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, ranch beans.  All were excellent, especially the mac and cheese which had a nice little kick to it.  At this point we decided if we didn't stop, we would need help getting out of the restaurant.  But we could not leave without those little bits of heaven, hot donuts.  Fresh off the donut machine they are a perfect ending to the meal.  Did I mention leftovers?  We took enough home for all of us to have 2 more meals each.
      Staff is very attentive.  Managers visit each patrons table to meet and greet.  Staff very friendly and upbeat.  Seem to genuinely enjoy working there.  100 best restaurant award well deserved.  Congratulations."
"I wish I caught his name but there's a super friendly gray haired waiter working the night of 3.6.16 @ 8ish. He was so knowledgeable & friendly. 
We split an 8 oz steak & 1/2 rack of ribs. Came with loaded baked & mac n cheese & grilled veggies. Ribs were so good and sauce was perfect. Steak was a tad red but still enjoyed it.
Can I get a moment of silence for the mac and cheese??? Get you some. Super creamy & great flavor.
Complimentary cornbread was so good...glad I chose this place for my pre birthday dinner."
"BOBBY Q's - I never knew how much I loved BBQ until I ate here. Now I will crave it.

Ended up here for a friend's birthday. The restaurant is big and airy and laid out well. They can pack them in but not like sardines. The tables are nicely spaced out and for such a big place, it has charm and is comfortable. The hostess desk rocks - friendly and efficient. We had a reservation for 7pm on a Wednesday, in the summer. I can only imagine how busy it gets on a weekend in prime season...so plan ahead and make a reservation. And GPS how to get there, if you've never been or are new to the valley. Running on the frontage road near I-17, it's easy to end up on a wrong street. Then again, once you've been here once, you'll never forget how to get back. Follow your gut instincts...

 The prime rib looked so delicious that I had to order it (great prime rib is harder to find than you'd think). But everything I tasted was out of this world:

House Salad (I love this kind of classic salad! For a perfect dressing - combine the dijon and herb vinaigrettes)

Corn bread (ask for honey with the butter)
Prime Rib (medium rare, naturally)
Brisket
Mac and Cheese
BBQ pulled chicken (I have never liked BBQ chicken before eating Bobby Q's - DELISH!)

It was a taste bud bonanza.

**They were out of the Mississippi mud pie (which I am such a fan that not getting to sample theirs could plummet a rating but everything was too good for anything other than 5 stars). So we sampled the cobbler - yum.

The service was friendly, cheerful, competent and pretty much perfect. 
**I will mention that as a group of adults, our meal came a little quicker than was ideal. But Bobby Q's is popular for a reason and the service is so competent that knowing that, I will just order a little slower/staggered, when I return with adult friends. 

Families with kids - you will not have any problem feeding your kids in a timely manner. I imagine the service is perfectly paced for families.

And as if all that isn't wonderful enough, they give you a bag of the best cinnamon dusted mini donuts to take with you!!!  They are as good of donuts as Cafe du Monde serves beignets. Only problem, I couldn't eat another bite.

So diners - here's my final tip - store the bag of donuts in your fridge, overnight and then reheat in the microwave (still in the paper bag) for 30 seconds. Have with your morning coffee. You're welcome.

Bobby Q does everything so well that I can not wait to go back. I'll starve myself for a day or two, before I do. Go hungry. It's amazing."
"Once again this was a hit! So delicious  .. This was my husbands first time because he wasn't able to go last time and he was speechless (in a good way) We had Kristen or Kristin and she was amazing too! Thank you guys for great service and great food

*Parsons Family*"
"Best BBQ we have ever eaten. We got the big combo platter, and expected to like a couple of the options (you can choose up to 4), but we loved everything - beef ribs, brisket, pork, and St. Louis ribs. The Mac and Cheese was to die for, very cheesey, almost too cheesey. It was our first time there, so we were so pleasantly surprised when they handed us the WARM donuts as we paid the bill. Really delicious."
Food and services service were excellent.  Had the brisket for lunch.  Good portions and the the side are made from scratch.  Def would recommend
Food was only moderately good. Definitely not worth going back. If not for atmosphere and nice waiter I might have complained.
"First time visit-read other reviews and decided to swing by. Dean our server recommended ""The Whole Hog"" and suggested the sides. He was spot on with his recommendations and his service and personality made our meal ""wicked good"". 

If you want good BBQ, put this place on your list and ask for Dean, he will take you to the promise land."
"Like a little slice of good southern bbq dropped into the Arizona desert... Huge portions,  very well balanced sauces, and awesome happy hour specials. I'll definitely be back."
Visited now a few times.  Great food and really good service.  The brisket is the best.
"The ambiance.....i cant say enough about the fantastic feel this place has. It has a rustic look with upscale charm. I sat on the patio and was nervous the noise of the expressway would annoy me. That exact opposite happened. The fountain with the trickling water and the ebb and flow of cars combined to make me feel peaceful and relaxed. The place is incredibly clean as well. 

For the meal itself I ordered Q-rolls to start. These were like beef brisket meeting an egg roll.  It was served with a chipotle sauce and bbq sauce. It was easy to eat and very tasty. The crispy dough outer shell complimented the flavor in the beef. 

For dinner i ordered the 2 choice option. Beef brisket, of course, and the baby back ribs because sever said they'd be one of the best i would ever had.   To be honest, i have had better beef brisket in Tennessee. By all means it was excellent but a tad dry compared to some of the juicy fatty brisket from those hillybilly towns off the  main roads. The server did not lie about the baby back ribs. My grandmother's ribs compete with these and that says a lot to the quality and taste. WOW!!!!!!  Wonderful!!!!!  I also ordered the ranch baked beans. Very flavorful. It has beef and pork in them. Some of the meat was stringy so texture was odd but flavor is great. 

As for the service.....OUTSTANDING!!!!!  Hunter was my server and his knowledge of the menu and ability to give tips enhanced my experience. He was friendly and had just the right amount of chattiness. The manager, Cameron, was also extremely attentive. I felt like i was in the fine dining section of a cruise ship. They both teamed up to make sure everything was perfect throughout the night. 

I look forward to returning here to try more of their fabulous menu items!!!!

Ps. They due brew their own beer. Tastes like a shiner bock with less after taste."
"Went there to celebrate my sisters birthday, everything was great. The service was fast we sat outside with the heaters so we didn't freeze too bad seeing as it's December. Can't really complain much about anything to be honest it was fun with the two dance floors one side is hip hop the other is latin music!"
"Amazing ribs the best I have ever had!  Delicious, great sauce. And I had a watermelon drink which was also delicious. Certainly a place to visit in Phoenix."
"We just started eating here last week. I guess it used to be a Bobby McGees before and these guys bought them out. Anyway, we had just picked up a friend from the airport and were on our way home. He asked if there were any good bbq places here. Since we didn't know of any, we looked on yelp. 
We got here very late, so they were about to close the kitchen. However, the lounge/club was about to open. They told us that it would be loud, once the club opened up. We didn't mind it and decided to stay. 
We all ordered food and drinks. I ordered the full plate of bbq brisket, coleslaw and mashed potatoes. We also ordered some appetizers. Everything was great. I loved the corn bread so much that I asked for more. The Sangria was good too. 
Everything is priced right and the portions are fair. Try it out; it's worth it. 
By the way, we stayed at restaurant after the club opened. Let's just say it wasn't like the food. I would never come here for the lounge/club--food only.
We're taking our friend back to the airport tonight, and we are going to have dinner here again. I hope to have a good experience again."
This place is great! Meat falls off the bone and the mac n cheese and mashed potatoes are so yummy!
One of the few places I can honestly give a 5 star review. I got the meat sampler platter with Mac and cheese. Every piece of meat was tender and had the best Bbq flavor. Mac and cheese was also on point. And to top it off they give you donuts when you leave. I would recommend this place to anyone. Except a vegan.
"We sat at the bar and our server was super friendly and nice and really helpful with suggestions. We split the q-rolls, a two meat platter of baby back ribs and brisket, which comes with two sides. We got mac & cheese and coleslaw. We also had their house beer. 

Everything was soooooo delicious. The q-rolls are not to be missed!! The ribs and brisket were amazing. They have regular and spicy BBQ sauce and both were sooooo good! Definitely recommend coming here!"
I was pleasantly surprised by Bobby Q's.  I've lived in central phoenix for years and I have seen this place hundreds of times (I think I'm always turned off by the location).  Finally tried it out and... it was great :).  The atmosphere/decor are beautiful and the food is excellent.
"This place has a really great selection of BBQ. We tried a sampler and it was all very good. Portions are very big. We ate at the bar, but we were serviced by one of the best bartender/waitress that I have ever seen. Thanks Sarah! I will return on my next trip to Phoenix!"
"I loved everything about this place.  It's not fine dining, but then it's BBQ.  Funky yet genuine decor with a touch of elegance here and there.  Very attentive staff.  We all had the Smokehouse burger since a burger was what were were after.  It was juicy and perfectly cooked with crunchy onions and bacon and cheese.  Pretty perfect when you want a heart stopper.  The waiter forgot to order our appetizer of onion block (or whatever they call it), which was a blessing since the burger was huge.  Still the manager showed up moments later to apologize for the oversight and offer us a free dessert.  I love those extra customer service touches.  If I lived in Phoenix, I'd go back here regularly."
I came here with a couple of friends after reading the reviews and I was not disappointed.  My ribeye steak was well-seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My friend ordered the St. Louis and baby back ribs and both were fall-off-the-bone tender.  The side dishes were plentiful and the corn bread was moist and delicious.  The complimentary donuts were warm and a perfect finish to an awesome meal.  Better than Lucille's in California.
"I was excited after reading the reviews, but I was a little disappointed. I was looking more of a Little Miss BBQ real BBQ type of place. It is a beautiful restaurant inside I must say. 

I should've known I was in trouble when I asked the waitress if they had burnt ends and she had no idea what that was. I ordered ribs and brisket. The brisket was ALOT of fat, not what I was expecting. The meat with the brisket was good, just not enough of it. The ribs I'm sorry to say were not memorable. Sides were pretty good. 

I also ordered an appetizer. It came out after my entree arrived. They were kind enough to not charge me for the appetizer because of this. I have to say service was good but I don't think I will return."
"Good que w/atmosphere.  A little pricey as BBQ goes, but not bad.  Try the brisket."
"Wonderful dinner at Bobby Q in Phoenix area. Highly recommend everything here. Great ribs, brisket, chicken and sides. Great waiter named Luke, ask for him! Manager Taylor was great too got us in earlier than our reservation and attended to our needs. Great experience !"
"Our group had a wonderful lunch experience. Melissa was a great server, meeting our needs before we asked. The food came out quickly. The food was hot and flavorful.  Definitely will return."
"Great food #1 I've went twice in one week ! I really enjoyed the brisket sandwich and the ribs are very good.. the portions are good size so at least you leave don't leave hungry.. I will be back again. The atmosphere was awesome inside and they have a great patio, nice and shaded , way better than I thought considering the neighbor hood and the parking is interesting. The prices are a bit much considering I eat a lot of BBQ all over the valley. But it's a sweet spot and probably one of the nicest places around right off the 17, so it's very convenient."
"My friend and I ate here as our last meal before flying back home to SF and OH MY. She said it was the best meal of the trip and I had to agree. The meat was just fall-off-the-bone-oh-so-good!! The mac n cheese was good and goey, and full of cheese. I absolutely loved the fact that they gave us donuts after our meal and it was fresh because it was hot when given to us. Highly recommend this place!!!"
"Had the Pulled pork sandwich, amazing. Have been here two other times. Brought my wife and daughter. They were equally pleased. The waitress was top notch as well. I will be going back here often."
We went to this location even though the Gilbert location was much closer. Food was good and overall service was good however we felt very rushed to finish our meal and conversation!! They tried to clear the plates before we were done. 4 different people came up to us to see if we needed anything else. I realize it was a Friday night but we were only there for a little over an hour.
"One of my top picks for brisket! Love ordering brisket and baby backs with coleslaw and shoe string fries! Fast service, came here on a holiday and it was minimal wait time for seating, and the food was out in a jiffy! The sangria is my usual drink choice and the banana pudding something cake is a great closer!"
"Had a great experience with RACHEL as our server, there was 7 of us! The Kale salad was fabulous! The pork spareribs delicious, corn bread and the Brussels sprouts! My Dad loved his brisket tacos! I tasted their dark beer which was  great and enjoyed the meal with my grape crush drink, was perfect!  Would recommend this place for sure!"
"Service: We definitely had great service. Prompt attention from our server Phil and the manager stopped by. 

Decor: Country shabby clean. Dark woods, colors and Distressed textures; high ceilings made the place feel open and large.

Food and drink: Full bar; mediocre strawberry daiquiri & good virgin strawberry lemonade. The corn had great flavor along with the corn bread patties. Grilled chicken and ribs had decent flavor, a little smokey, very little char. .. The ribs were very tender but the chicken was a tad dry. Great smoked sausage and shoestring fries. The bbq sauce was tasty, not overly sweet and not to runny. Cinnamon donuts are a nice touch at the end of the meal.

Overall I would give it 3.5. It wasn't bad,  it just wasn't outstanding."
Excellent service and food. Parker and Christie were great! They were both very attentive to our group as well as all others. The food was delicious! Defiantly coming back next year after a DODGERS spring training game!
"A Crowd favorite! I have been coming to Bobby Q's since I moved back to the valley in 2006. This place is great if you want BBQ. It isn't Texas BBQ, it isn't Kansas City BBQ, it isn't North Carolina BBQ. It is Arizona BBQ (If we had such a thing) - I can't get over the little things they do right here. From their BBQ egg rolls to their brisket, and little donuts for desert.. Where to start!? My wife and I generally get a 3 meat combo because you get a lot of variety. Their sauce is great they have a nice kick and I like that they do it right and not slather it on for you. Over the holidays this past year we had placed a reservation and we were accommodated easily. 16 people, not a single mistake, billing was done perfectly, and everyone was attentively taken care of during the meal. It so rarely happens with large groups we were impressed with the service. The prices are really reasonable compared to a few places that are a significantly closer for us, When people come to town, hungry - I send them your way. Keep up the great BBQ we'll be back soon!"
The beef brisket is to die for . I had the Texas Beef Ribs and it was the best I have ever had and I eat a lot of BBQ ! I would def recommend all my family and friends .
"In Arizona some b&)tchen BBQ!!!! Saw the place on the fwy and jumped off to find the place...
Place if huge! If u mis this place please get ur eyes checked! Lol 
First impression was people leaving and telling us how good it was.. Two different parties! Man a place that makes people do that! 
We all ordered the sampler platter .. Three choices of meet and one side .. I ordered ribs, brisket and pulled pork..pulled pork cooks for 12+hrs .. Was good just a little to mushy for me.. Brisket was over the top for me! YUMMY!! Now the ribs.. I have traveled all over for ribs and this is hands down my favorite! My side was Mac and cheese as a recommendation and I have only had one better than this! I heard people taking about the potatoes behind us and how good they were ...  Oh yes did I forget to mention the corn bread! 
Look don't hesitate to come here! Your palette and ur stomach will love it!"
"I was out here for work with my coworker working offsite. A couple of facebook friends recommended this place to eat. The bbq here was sooo good we came here twice. I did the 3 meat combo beef ribs, st louis, and brisket with sides of mac and cheese and roasted corn. The sauce on the meat was perfect not too sweet and not too overwhelming, they do give you a jar for added sauce and a option to add their spicy sauce (highly recommend). The meat falls right off the bone and melts in your mouth like ice cream. The mac and cheese was so good it had melty cheesy hearty goodness to it. And the roasted corn was ok, due to im a corn on the cob type of guy. The concept of the restaurant may look deceiving, but once you walk in is like walking into a 4 star restaurant. It gave the presence of comfort with immaculate service. Even the manager that was working both Wednesday and Thursday even recognize us and gave us that welcoming feeling. Definitely a place to come back to when visiting Phoenix. Thank you Bobby Q staff for an awesome service and great food. 5 stars all around."
"My mouth is sayin' yeeee hawwww howdy partner!  

My wife and I split the 3 meat combo with chicken, sausage and the lip smack baby backs.  The side were the roasted corn and ranch beans.  This was plenty of food. 


Service was great. Really appreciated the manager coming by twice to check on us."
"Thank you Bobby  and all your wait staff for making our Westside UYE a  great time ..Sawyer and her little busy helpers  kept us happy .  The food was tasty , smoky and  down home yummy..
Great seeing some many Yelpers  just hanging out and enjoying some good food..."
"Successful yelping. It was our first time in Phoenix/Arizona and we were looking for a dinner spot. This place is well-deserving of its 4.5 star rating, all around great experience. 

Shoutout to our server TOMMY, he was awesome and helpful, went extra mile to provide good service. For starters we had the signature Q Rolls...so bomb especially dipped in bbq sauce.  Also tried the two rib combo with the baby back and beef ribs - the baby back ribs were truly fall-off-the-bone, both were good and I'm usually a fan of beefy ribs more.  Also had to try the catfish fillet (breaded & comes with 2 large pieces), which was good too.  I think we liked everything we ate. All entrees/combos come with homemade cornbread and 2 sides each. The CORNBREAD was definitely a highlight of the meal! Some good sides were the potato salad, pecan Cole slaw and roasted corn.  

I guess they always hook you up with complimentary donuts for dessert here too! ALL IN ALL...GLAD WE CAME TO BOBBY Q!"
"Great experience! The food was delicious, the service was super fast, and the staff were extremely friendly. I had the pulled pork sandwich and roasted corn, mmmmm. The complementary cornbread was great too, and they bring you as much as you want, including some to go if you want. I highly recommend this place!"
"One of my favorite restaurants in the Valley! Service is always wonderful. The meats are always tasty and tender (I think my husband and I have tried every option!) and the sides never disappoint. I dislike cornbread but theirs is AMAZING! I also usually get the Sangria, which is pretty good. 

All in all I think it's always been worth the wait (it gets busy on the weekends, just like everywhere else) and the money."
On a road trip thru AZ we wanted some BBQ.. of course I got on yelp and found this place so we head in. It's a litter weird find and the parking lot is in the back of the restaurant. You walk in and it doesn't look like a typical BBQ place. Looks more like an upscale fine dining place. We got seated and was greater by the server who had to tell how good the restaurant is and all the awards and everything it's won.. I really don't care let the food do the talking.. I ordered the Texas ribs and they were huge and very good. The biggest down fall of this place is the prices. Seems liken your paying for the big huge fancy restaurant more then u are the food. That being said food was amazing there corn bread was very very good and the whole experience was very good just a little high priced IMO.
Some of the best BBQ in the valley. Whole hog heaven was awesome and our server sawyer anticipated our needs perfectly.
"Love this place! Got the pulled pork entree with 2 sides. The macaroni and cheese is to die for and the pulled pork is so moist and has so much flavor to it! Our waitress Stacy was phenomenal! She was very attentive to our needs by filling our drinks without asking, helping us with our take out and explaining how all the meat is prepared. If you want good barbecue come here you won't be disappointed!!"
"Best BBQ in Arizona!  Big portions, great sides, and great service.  I got the combo platter with pulled pork, brisket, and ribs...it was outstanding.  The pulled pork is exceptional.  For your sides, you have to get the Mac & Cheese!  

If you really like the traditional KC or TX BBQ joints that are hole in the walls with red and white checkered tablecloths (or none at all) and you have to walk through lines to get your BBQ, then you probably won't like Bobby Q's.  The food is great, but it is a somewhat upscale for BBQ.

Oh yeah, and the ""Thank Q's"" doughnuts are great way to end the meal.  They're so fresh and gooey!!"
"Here's my two cents...

We had an outstanding meal of baby back ribs and a pulled pork sandwich. I cheated and grabbed a bag of the ""Thank Q"" donuts on the way in instead of at the end because as they say, ""life is short...eat dessert first.""

I want to go back but I live in another state. Next time!"
"Came here tonight with a party of six adults two babies and they hit all the right points again. Thank you Bobby Q's for being consistent, warm, friendly and hospitable. Our server, Jonah, was attentive and brought us all the little extras that we needed with a smile. It was a special occasion because my folks are leaving to go back to their home on the East Coast and we don't get together very often so we were happy to be able to enjoy a good meal in a friendly place.  We will see you again."
Great Environment! The 3 meet plate is off the hook! Recommend sharing this to open the posiabllities for other great items on the menu..
"Brother and I decided to take our dad out for his birthday yesterday. We chose Bobby Q's for it's great reviews, also because they served beef ribs (dad's request). I called two days in advanced to make reservations for 6:30 pm. We arrived about 6:10ish pm and checked in. When 6:30 came around, we were told that the table was being set up. Returned back to the front at 6:45 pm and was told that a large party was finishing up. When we finally got seated about 6:50ish pm, the server took our drink orders right away and asked if we wanted to order any appetizers. One of the tables that they sat us at was not even with the other tables. The restaurant was extremely warm inside, it took a good 30 min or so for us to finally cool down. Throughout the dinner, we felt extremely rushed by the server to get us in and out. She was not personable at all and was training someone on top of that. Our family was still eating our food and the server asked us if we wanted boxes for the food. When I called to make the reservation, I was told that our party of 8 had a two hour limit. We were in and out of the restaurant within a little over an hour. The food was ok, nothing too special about it. I would not recommend this place for large groups, unless you want to feel rushed to eat your meal and get subpar food."
"I had such a great experience last night for dinner! It being out first time, my husband and I were surprised at the great customer service we received from Mady. She gave us some background of the restaurant and recommended the meals and drinks we got that night. The food was amazing! Overall awesome experience and will be back!"
"amazing. every time. this review isn't even necessary. I'm just writing it anyways to add another five star review to the most epic bbq place in Arizona. I will never go anywhere else, I've been to six other ""amazing"" ""award winning"" bbq places in Phoenix and they don't hold a candle to Bobby Q. excellent staff!!! perfect food!!! love the atmosphere!! awesome drinks!!"
"We visit our niece in Phoenix several times a year and always visit Bobby Q. While it is pricy, the service is spot on, food is spot on and the wait staff and bussers have that obvious ""we're family""  camaraderie  found at the high end restaurants I've worked in before. Everyone is helpful to us as guests, the staff is helpful to each other, good service training shows! This time we are here for the 4th of July, where else but here for our meal? Nicole helped get information to us prior to our arrival, Victoria helped get everything organized the day of. Thanks for helping to make our day special!"
"Great BBQ, ambience and service. Ordered the 2 item beef ribs and brisket, mashed potatoes & roasted veggies. Made to perfection!"
"Brisket is ok, sauce is decent and atmosphere is a little hood come 8pm. I dined here over the weekend Bc I was to lazy to fire up my grill (way to humid out) so I went here w/ my bro Rob and was hoping for some goodness. I don't think I'd eat here again since its not my idea flavor/taste of BBQ. Don't let my review steer you away from trying it though, everyone has their own preference when it comes to BBQ so I'd try it and go from there.
Official rating,
Food: ***
Customer service: **** (manager very sweet , waitress was su-lOh!)

Drinks: *** (Sangria was ok, beer a little warm)"
Awesome food....however I have history here...used to come here all the time when it was Bobby McGees...regardless...best BBQ I've had in a long time...brisket melts in your mouth sausage was great...well cooked baked potato...and the ranch beans...about the best I've ever had...oh...don't forget to try the house Amber Ale...made just for them...tasty addition to any BBQ dinner
"This place lives up to all the hype and then more.  So I called ahead to make a reservation.   We actually arrived 30 mins early and they still took us in right away--even with a full patio of people waiting to be seated.

Our server was very helpful and attentive.  We ordered the Hog Heaven and it was enough for us--5 people (2 adults and 3 kids).  

I usually am not too crazy about BBQ stuff, but Hubby likes this stuff....,I actually liked the food.  I would totally return when back in Phoenix!"
"Because of the great reviews, I went of Bobby Q's for lunch with my sister for the first time. I have to say that I have always loved good BBQ and I was very impressed with the service, the atmosphere and the food!! The BBQ sandwich that I ordered was absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back for dinner to have some Ribs! I highly recommend them if you LOVE BBQ!"
Had the two meat combo with pork ribs and brisket. Had mac and cheese and grilled veggies for side. You have to get the Q-rolls which were phenomenal. Cornbread on point. Sooooo good. Gave us little cinnamon sugar donuts at the end. The service was best I've had in the valley. Amazing! Definitely will be a repeat customer. Will was the best server!
So I previously posted about hating this place. That day I was hangry and wanted some brisket but ended up at the club and not the restaurant. I recently went back and the food was amazing! I had the Q rolls which were out of this world and my entree was the 12oz sirloin. The steak was wonderful and the sides were delicious. I had the Mac and cheese and ranch beans. Great restaurant!
"Stopped at Bobby Q on the way to the airport from Sedona based on the Yelp reviews.  Once again, I was not let down.  It was a busy Sunday afternoon, but the service was great.  Hostess was friendly, food served efficiently and the waitress was great.  The interior is quite spacious and nice.

The prices are reasonable for the generous portions.  We had a sampler and everything was good.  Not great, but really good.  Overall I left happy.  If you are in the area and in the mood for barbecue, I don't think you can go wrong at Bobby Q."
This is my go-to! The Q-rolls and smokehouse burger are to die for. If I don't go here at least once or twice a month I don't feel like I'm really living my best life.
"I know a thing or two about a good BBQ being from the midwest.  Let me tell you that Bobby Q's is a good good day. 

The doughnuts at the end are wonderful. 

I recommend hittin' this place up on a Sunday when you can get the family chicken/ribs/pork/brisket with 2 sides combo.  

If I'm ever back in Phoenix I'll be over at Bobby Q's."
"The food!! It was delicious. The service and atmosphere could have been awful and I still would have given a good review on the basis of the food alone. However, the atmosphere was inviting and simple with warm lights, wooden tables, and old-fashioned decor. Our waiter, Austin, was very attentive and outgoing. He checked in frequently and was able to make suggestions because of his knowledge of the food (he had worked in the kitchen previously). There is complimentary cornbread to start, which just melts in your mouth. Our food came out very quick and every single thing was just to die for. My favorite thing was the rotisserie chicken and my boyfriend loved the brisket. Complimentary mini-donuts are also given with the check-yummy! Overall, this was a great place to go for out anniversary. I highly recommend."
"Darn good BBQ. Not nearly as good as Bryan's Black Mountain BBQ in Cave Creek, or Little Miss, but solid for Phoenix."
"We had lunch at this place on our recent trip to Phoenix.  We came in between lunch and dinner and were seated promptly.  My husband and I ordered a full baby back with grilled veggies and shoestring fries on the side to split.  My son ordered the chicken tenders with shoestring fries on the side.  The food was amazing.  Our ribs were very tender and fell off the bone.  The sauce was not overly sweet which was also a plus.  The veggies were grilled well and not too overly cooked.  The shoestring fries had enough crunch and saltiness.  My son I'm sure enjoyed his food because he ate the leftover chicken tenders for dinner, and he doesn't normally eat leftovers.  Our drinks were never empty.  The server was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed - extra sauce, drinks, etc...  The bathrooms were clean which is always a plus.  The only thing is that I wished they had sweet potato fries on the menu too.  Their fries were good, but love sweet potato fries with my ribs.  Great food, great service, ample parking, clean bathrooms.  Definitely will return."
"Review for first time going to Bobby Qs - lunch on a Sunday. Ordered the pulled pork with a side of mac. Food was very tastey. The mac and cheese was made in house. It's all about the cheese sauce and there's was very rich without being greasey. The pulled pork was tender and not drown in sauce. I thought the serving would be a little larger a serving. The mac did not fill the bowl and the bun (not a roll) the pulled pork was served on was about the size of a McDonalds cheeseburger roll. It was piled pretty high, but it was 20% smaller than I pictured for the price. I ordered two brews service ice cold in a frosted glass. Service was quick and very good. I would go back again to try the platter. Just be really hungry or bring a bunch of friends because the people next to me ordered it, and it's a huge plate."
"Pretty much as good as it gets as far as BBQ is concerned. Ribs, coleslaw, cornbread,  peach tea..all awesome! Also the smokehouse burger is one of the best I've had.They also  bring these little doughnuts ( free) at the end that just melt in your mouth.. so delicious.  Service was great. Sit in Sawyers section. I hear Friday nights in the bar are a good time as well."
"Been here many times and it's really good.
 The pulled pork is very moist and tender and my wife's babyback ribs were awesome,  not a rib fan but ate some and really liked them alot. The Q ROLLS are usually really tasty but this visit they were overcooked and super greasy, I should have sent them back as they always make things right at Bobby Q's. So what would have been a 5 star visit is a four star due to the bad Q Rolls, but if you bring any dissatisfaction to their  attention they are right on it. excellent customer service"
"The food is AMAZING!! I had the rotisserie chicken and bites of my husband brisket and ribs. The brisket is my favorite for sure! The mac and cheese is amazing and so is the roasted corn!! I gave a 4 star instead of a 5 because the services wasn't great, they were busy which I understand but the food is so good that I am sure they are busy all the time so the server should be used to it. The server was really friendly but we had to ask other servers walking by for things because our server wasn't coming back to check on us, we kept seeing him but he didn't stop. Again the food is amazing and I will definitely eat there again and recommend it to my friends."
"We couldn't make it to Little Miss BBQ, so we went to the next best rated BBQ join in town: Bobby Q (ha ha - Arizonian and their puns). 

Among 5 girls, we ordered a family meal and an additional rack of ribs.
-Cornbread: buttery and delicious, but save your appetite!
-Meat: enjoyed the baby back ribs over the st. louis; for both types of ribs, the meat falls off the bone; didn't enjoy the pulled pork or beef brisket 
-Sides: recommend the cole slaw and mac & cheese; potato salad is decent. 
-BBQ sauce: enjoyed the spicy BBQ sauce and used lots of it; regular sauce is too sweet.
-Complimentary donuts: just fried dough - nice gesture, but we passed on it. 

Bobby Q was super affordable for a hearty, calorie-heavy meal. Good service, ample seating and delicious BBQ."
"Excellent bbq, tried the ""smoasted"" (smoke-roasted) chicken and the brisket, both excellent. Sauces good but not needed with the amount of flavor meat had. Sides excellent-roasted corn especially, table cornbread and donuts delicious as well."
"Duuude! The hamburger here is one of the best in the Valley. I forgot which Yelper recommended it to me, but he was right. Just very good, high-quality ingredients -- and the right amount of them. Soft, flavorful bun. Fresh, hand-formed, patties. Mmmm!

Oh yeah, the BBQ here is good too. Their sauce is great; and they serve it in heated containers so it doesn't get your food cold. Try the BBQ Chicken sandwich -- with fries or coleslaw because both are top notch.

Lastly, if you check in with your phone, you'll see a 10% discount to Yelpers if you mention it."
"Only 4 stars because its one of the first bbq places we tried in Phx ....and they did set  the bar relatively high. 

Q rolls with the chipotle dip was enough  to make me go back. Catfish poboy was decent ...the pulled pork sandwhich tho was everything to expect from pork smoked for 18 hrs.  

Had a chill waiter tommy2027, and was checked on by the manager who brought over fresh cornbread ...overall great first experience."
Extremely surprised with this place! To be honest I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much as I did... Baby back ribs where oh so delicious! I'd absolutely recommend them 100%   - Also a must try is the tri-tip OMG to die for!!!! Mac & Cheese was also very flavorful! Its fathers day & the wait time was alittle over an hour Uuggghhhh but it was oh so worth it!
"Tasty BBQ! We ordered the lunch sampler plate and picked brisket, baby back ribs, and BBQ chicken! Also got a chicken cranberry salad! The BBQ meats were very tender and flavorful! The salad was fresh and tasted good, too! They give you complementary corn bread in the beginning of the meal and freshly fried donuts after the meal :)
Country music playing in the restaurant~ there's also an outdoor patio area with string lights that look very pretty."
"My sister and I were seated very quickly and our server JT came right over.  He suggested an appetizer and it was on point!  They were the beef brisket rolls; I don't remember the actual name.  We asked which he preferred out of two items on the menu and was given a quick response. The service given to us by the entire staff was great,  even the manager came to ask us how we were.

The food was amazing.  We both got the Fried Chicken with gravy. We had mashed potatoes and mac n cheese. Everything was really delicious!! 
We both recommend this place to anyone looking for good food and a great night.  

P.S. The complimentary donuts are also really good!"
"My reason for the low rating is due to misinformation about their happy hour buffet regulations. I did some researching before heading last night and nowhere did I read about an age restriction in order to partake in the section where they hold the buffet. So when my husband and I and our friends, who had a baby with them tried going in we were shocked to learn we wouldn't be allowed to go in because we had a baby with us. Yet none of this information was posted any where so we were all surprised. Also the fact that there was no manager present did not help our situation, what place doesn't have a manager present at all times? What made things worst was how the host who went by choo choo came off to us as rude when dealing with our situation. We had a big group of friends waiting for us at the patio, where we could of easily been seated but had to turn away and leave our friends because they refused to let us go in. Disappointing costumer service to say the least."
"I just feel compelled to again state how much I freakin' love this place

I think its super.

Last time I branched out and ordered a filet (my bf ordered ribs and then we split to make for a delicious mixed meal)

OMG
THE FILET WAS AMAZING!

Like, better than high end steakhouses.
I love this place.

Just wish it were closer to me!"
"We were craving ribs after a long day of hiking so we decided to try this spot on our way back home. We were in for a real treat!! First off, we were seated immediately in their beautiful patio. Our waiter was super attentive and friendly. We all ordered ribs, and were expecting to wait a while for our food. Seconds after bringing out some steamy fresh cornbread, our food comes out aswell. Everything was delicious and plenty. We all got to go boxes. To top it off, we got complimentary freshly made mini donuts on the way out. Delish!!! Our family will be back!"
"Wow! what a buried treasure that I have heard so much about, and today we found it!!
Have seen the sign, but never knew where they were...but oh do we now! We went there today for lunch, and it was a treat from the moment you walked into the place. The hostesses greeted us, sat us immediately, and then ""Christopher"" appeared like magic as our server! What a delight, he was funny, great suggesting things, and very professional! I had the beef brisket sandwich with those crazy fries, my hubby had the pulled pork with a delicious pecan cole slaw...yummy! Our friends had the brisket also, and we were delighted with everything, we will be back and we will ask for Christopher! Thanks for the ""donuts""... :-) jojo"
We were visiting from Chicago and walked to this spot because it was close to the hotel. We were very happy to see the great AZ atmosphere and delicious menu! Our food was excellent and our service was even better! Our server Nicole was great and on top of her game! If I am ever back in AZ I will make sure to stop here again!
"The claim is that they to have the best brisket in Phoenix, which couldn't be further from the truth.  Little to no smoke flavor, no smoke ring on the brisket, the sausage was burnt on the grill.  If this is the alleged best Phoenix has to offer......wow not!

Having been all over this great country and tried amazing BBQ, this fell way short."
"Best all around bbq place in the city! Excellent service, very friendly wait staff, nice ambiance and great food! Love their mini donuts! Go here, won't be disappointed!"
"The service super friendly. The food ample and delicious. I would have given this place a 4 because I am a California guy and I've been to plenty bbq places, but for what it was in a different state for me it's a 5. The ribs here are quite flavorful. the waitress I had was super friendly, although a little too chatty but I didn't mind. She improvised a cherry Pepsi with grenadine so a pretty resourceful crew and I like that."
"This was my first time here, and we waited only 5 minutes without getting attended and when they attended us they felt that they made us wait too long and they took the initiative and gave us a free appetizer, and the food suggestions of the waiter and the manager were great, their service is really good and the food was amazing. Best BBQ I've had in the PHX area."
"Got in late from California Sunday night and went straight to Bobby Q's.  Had the prime rib/catfish combo.  The menu said it could feed two and it was right on!  My husband is healthy, so he ordered veggies for sides -- I was craving the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes I saw going to another table.  Anyway, the manager came over and knew we were tired and just wanted to eat and go, so he threw in a dessert -- anything we wanted!!!  I got the apple cobbler and good thing I got it to go because had I known it was that good, I would have ordered 2 so I wouldn't have to share with my husband.  I will definitely be going back when I return to Phoenix."
"Excellent first time meal here . Started off with the Q rolls and they were incredible. Main course was brisket, pulled pork, mc n cheese, garlic mashed potatoes, and cornbread. This is the best brisket I've ever had. Fork tender, juicy and delicious. The Mac and cheese was incredible with a hint of burned cheese in the top and super super creamy cheesey goodness inside. Garlic mashed had just the right amount of garlic. Pulled pork was also tender and delicious. Extra bbq sauce served in small pitchers in the table- spicy and regular. Our server was also excellent- quick, thorough, and professional. All in all a delicious meal and my out of town lunch guests even went back for dinner!! Delish corn bread too!! AND...we got a little bag of cinnamon sugar donuts to take with! Thanks, will def be back again and again."
"Traveling all day looking for somewhere to eat, we stopped here taking a risk as to what we would get.  It was after 9pm and we were not expecting much.  I was extremely shocked at the quality in a great way.  It was so good that i had to come back a second time while i was in Phoenix.  
The service was amazing and the food was tasty.  The first night i had the pulled pork with mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese was amazing.  The second night i had the beef brisket and mac and cheese.  I cant remember the other side i had because the mac and cheese was that good.  
On the first night after eating, we were given a complimentary desert, not sure the name of it, but it was amazing.  And then the little doughnuts were the next arrival.  They are hot and ohhh so good.  A great finish to a great meal.  
I will go back again and send others to eat here."
"My son and I came for lunch! YUM! Pricey for lunch but still great. He had a burger and fries which he loved!
I ordered the 3 meat combo with the expectation of having left overs. I did. We started with the Q-Rolls which were delicious. Definitely will be back!"
"Such a great local spot. Our server Austin was super rad. Funny dude and had great recommendations and funny stories. Will definitely be back and recommend this place to friends when I'm back in town. 

The food was amazing as well!"
"Awesome food! The Q rolls are AMAZING!
The meat on the ribs falls off of the bone! Huge servings... guaranteed to be taking some home!!
We have been twice. Once the service was great and our recent experience the service was slow. Wanted more drinks but she never came by."
"Just like last time I was here, the food was fantastic as was the service. The portions are exceptionally generous and the meat tender and filling. This time I ordered a bbq brisket sandwich with macaroni, and the macaroni alone threatened to fill me up.

All five of my table took boxes home, maybe eating half the food from single entree orders.

Then they gave us free doughnuts to take home.

The restaurant tends to be loud, but the service is excellent ( shout out to Cameron F, who was on top of service tonight in a full house and never missed a beat, nor did he overwhelm). Well worth it!"
"Excellent BBQ and we had outstanding service on a Sunday evening.  This was a recommendation from the local wine bar & were very thankful she sent us this way

We ordered the combo with baby back ribs, brisket, & pulled pork.  Everything was tender, no fat, and both the regular & spicy sauces were very good.  Mac-cheese was PERFECT!  We were too full for dessert, but managed to enjoy the Thank Q's (just wait-finger licking good) we got with the bill.  A must when in the Glendale area."
Great place. Good food and nice staff. Free doughnuts on the way out. Never had any problems
"Outstanding barbecue brisket, Austin was our server and his suggestions were on the money!  Great food and relaxed atmosphere makes for a great experience!"
"The husband and I went here last weekend to celebrate the beginning of my break and to get a juicy burger. The restaurant is cute, kind of themed, and the service was friendly. They smoke their meat for 18 hours and you can see their chicken roasting from the dining room. They start you with some pretty good cornbread. For entrees we split the burger with bacon and bbq sauce and the pulled pork sandwich with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese... very healthy. The burger was tasty, not the most amazing burger ever, but solidly good. The pulled pork was better, definitely flavorful and good with their spicy bbq sauce. Both sides were pretty mediocre, I didn't like the mac and cheese...tasted like velveeta and the mashed potatoes were gluey. When we were done they brought out a little bag with a couple doughnut bites in it.... yum! I would come back here to try some more of their Q."
"Until Bobby Q's entered my life i wasnt a fan of BBQ anything! made me kinda sad to see so many people enjoying some messy ribs but anyways I i digress...This place has changed my life for the better!. Their St. Louis ribs are fall off the bone AMAZING! and their Mac n Cheese is a must have! I have to admit this place has made me a bit of a ribs snob, if something doesnt come close to Bobby Q's i automatically right that place off.

A short review but you get the gist of it..."
"I lived in Australia for a year and Texas for a year so I like to think I know what good BBQ tastes like. This place definitely has it, and excellent service on top of it. The St. Louis ribs were perfectly tender and delicious, and the meat easily came off the bone. The cornbread was great too--I heard some ladies at the table next to me saying they really wanted more, and I would have too if I hadn't already stuffed myself to the point where I couldn't eat another bite. Our server Joey was very attentive and quick and he and the manager came by multiple times to check in on us, bring us wipes even though we hadn't asked for them (but we would definitely need them later on), ask us how the food tasted, and thank us for coming. In the end, they gave us some free donuts in a bag (because honestly, I could not take another bite of food). Overall really great lunch--I can see why they were rated one of the top 30 BBQ places in the country on Open Table!"
Staff was super fast and friendly.  Kids loved being on the patio with misters and a waterfall made from an old steam engine.  Manager showed us around and checked in on our order.  Cornbread was yum. Caesar salad was fresh and crisp.  Ribs and smoked chicken with mashed potatoes and Mac/cheese also hits! Kids enjoyed the frosty lemonade.
"Love the St Louis ribs,  not crazy about the beef ribs though.  The best cornbread! Service is usually good, and the prices are reasonable for the quality. A great neighborhood joint."
We LOVE Bobby q's!!!!!!!! We always have such great service every time we go and the food is always amazing!!!! The servers are always willing to accommodate and are so sweet when we bring our kids (they even throw in a couple extra doughnuts for them) we have made Bobby Q's one of our regulars and recommend it to everyone! So great!
"Super busy at lunch time, but we had made a reservation. Food was really good but the mac and cheese is really rich, a bit too much. The BBQ was top notch and I would come back again."
"The most moist and tender BBQ I have ever eaten.  They smoke for 18-24 hours and the ribs and the meats were excellent.  Also ate their award winning Macaroni and Cheese which was the best.  Cornbread is also served along with the meal making a great dinner.  Next time in Phoenix, I will definitely go back."
"We had the brisket, baby back ribs and pulled porked. All smoked to perfection. Our waiter, Jason, provided an amazing dining experience!  Two thumbs up for Bobby Q's."
"If delicious BBQ is your thing, go here. Took my mom while she was visiting, and got a pound of brisket, pulled pork, and ribs. All sooooooo very good. Anyone rating this spot less then give stars has a broken rating system. :)"
Cameron our server was awesome. The atmosphere was awesome and so was the food. I was blown away. Would definitely recommend
"We have been going here since we moved to Phoenix 4 years ago. We even had our wedding rehearsal dinner here and our friends and family loved it. 

We have tried many items on the menu but my favorites are the q rolls with the chipotle ranch dip as an appetizer. We also like the onion stack. The cornbread they give you is so good as well. My favorite entree is the brisket. It is very flavorful. The best side is hands down the Mac and cheese. It is so creamy and delicious. 

They also have a great selection of beer, wine and cocktails. 

When you are about to leave you get a bag of freshly made donuts in a brown paper bag. I'm usually stuffed but have to eat one hot then take the rest home."
"Fantastic service! Our server, Anthony, knew the menu inside and out and offered great suggestions. I don't like barbecue sauce (I know, I know) but the rotisserie chicken was fantastic. I had corn and mac n cheese for sides which were both great. They have a good drink selection and full bar. I had tons of left overs so expect to get a to go box. Unfortunately, I was wayyy to full for dessert but the options looked delicious. They give you a bag of cinnamon donuts when you leave and when they learned we were in a hotel nearby they loaded us up. The service alone deserves 5 stars. I will definitely be back my next time in Phoenix."
"Absolutely delicious!  Some of the best BBQ I've had in a long time.  The pulled pork was succulent and the brisket was juicy and tasty.  Enjoyed the complimentary donuts after our meal.  

Thanks for a wonderful experience!"
This place is soookok good! The ribs were sooooooo tender the meat literally just melted in my mouth!!!! And the mini donuts wee bomb too!!!
BBQ sauce was tasty! Atmosphere was very nice and good was served quick and tasted good. My only complaint is that I found some of the meat to be a bit fatty.
"Great food, huge portions, great service too!! Yum yum!! Fantastic donuts! Stopped in from out-of-town and highly recommend it!!"
"We drove 30 min to B.Q. this past Saturday evening 7:30ish our first visit.The place was jumping & we were starving we happily gave our name to the young hostess and asked how long does she think it will be - about an hour & a half - ok. So we left and got a quick snack to hold us over down the street . We returned  30 min later & the place was half empty  with the same hostess at the front had called us twice. Where did 1 1/2  hour wait go? No big deal.

So by this time we forgo the dinner idea and ordered  cocktails and a couple brisket sandwiches along with the sides. """" WOW""  Wheres the beef ?  It sure wasn't on our table it looked more like an empty Mcdonalds bun. The sides were good along with the tad of beef. Table service was A+ and triple A+  to the nicest lady flr mgr who was working hard helping out on the tables...... Sweet idea with the donuts...
 
Big disappointment - over $40.00 bucks &  no beef.  Sorry for the ding."
Im seriously in a food coma right now.  This is the 1st time here.  Our waitress Alexamdra told us all about the history.  The food was excellent.  We will definately be coming back.  I give this place 20***
"This place was a good choice. Our party of 5 spent about 25 minutes on the patio waiting for our table. The night was pleasant, Phoenix warm (read 98) and slightly humid. We were seated in a slightly tight area. The cornbread and butter was delicious! The chicken fried Chicken was so yummy with mashed potatoes and gravy. Boyfriend loved the beef ribs! Everyone went home full and happy and it didn't break the bank. I highly recommend - one star less than perfect because of the noise and really tight seating."
"I have had 3 experiences with Bobby Q's.  I have eaten there once, and picked up their food twice.

Driving past their location on the freeway it looks like an interesting yet typical bbq place.  However, once you walk in, you will find that Bobby Q's is more upscale than you would think.  The inside is very nice and definitely the nicest bbq place I have ever seen.

As for the food, it is excellent!  The brisket is the best I have ever tasted.  The bbq chicken, fries, and macaroni n' cheese are up there as well.  I would like to try more things (like the ribs), but I just can't get enough of the brisket.  The corn bread is also worth a try as are those lil' donuts they give you at the end of your meal.  The donuts are made fresh and  are definitely not the healthiest thing you can have, but omg they are fried magic for your mouth!

My experience with the service is that it is always fast, friendly, and helpful on both my dine-in and take-out experiences.

I honestly can't wait to eat here again!"
How did yelp know I went to Bobby Q's for the first time? I had the chicken plate and it is fantastic.  Good service & fun decor. Scuba shop next door just made it all better.
"Best macaroni and cheese in AZ!  I have had better in Texas, but you would be hard pressed to find better!  They have insanely good burgers, and great pulled pork sandwiches."
"Great home style cooked food and friendly staff. Has a great atmosphere, that is perfect for families or a romantic date. Great restaurant highly recommend it."
"Best beef ribs ever. All the meats were tender and really flavorful. The sides were amazing as well. Even the corn, which is usually not a great side choice at restaurants, was delicious. 
Service was good. Everyone was friendly and explained the cooking process and the food well."
Excellent service. Waitress was excellent. She forgot our appetizer but we were glad later because we had so much food. Great strawberry lemonade.  We got the whole hog so we could try multiple things. Had enough leftovers for dinner (we were there for lunch). Great mac and cheese. Loved the ribs even though I usually never eat those. Brisket was excellent. Chicken was good too. Loved the spicy sauce. Great cornbread. We live out of state but if we come back to az we will probably drop by again.
"My blogger buddy and I were in Glendale for Spring Training and found ourselves sighing at the lack of original food places. Not that eating in strip malls is bad.. it's just bad.
Luckily, my friend yelped and found this place nearby. We sat ourselves at the bar.
The food was outstanding! Not only did we LOVE our food, we met a regular that was hilarious and had schtick with our bartender/waiter. She was very funny! Oh.. and that was some quick service indeed!


There is a nightclub attached to Bobby Q. My friend and I did venture on over to check it out, but it was definitely NOT our scene or music. Very Vegasy. So, maybe skip that.. unless you are 23 and like Vegas clubs.. Or are like us.. and blog about traveling and check out things we would not normally visit. Or - if you want to dance off your meal, maybe? No.. wait.. I don't think you should do that. The food is really fantastic and should get to stay cozily in your stomach until it's good and ready to part ways.

www.DartandMap.com"
"Guys! This place is fantastic. I can't go anywhere else for steaks and ribs! 

Carmela, my server, was super nice and informative on restaurant and menu. Thank you dear!"
"Heard  good things about Bobby Q.   Went today on Saturday for late lunch after the shooting range.   Easy parking.  Was seated in seconds.   Waiter on it right away.  Then came the cornbread  -  that's when perfection got started.  I ordered the three meet dinner with brisket, sausage and baby back ribs.   Damn so tasty all falling of the bone so tender.   Two sauces mild and hot.  My glass never empty.    Manager came by after to check on us-- she was just  awesome.   Ordered a dozen cornbread to take home.   Then they bring us a little bag of hot cinnamon and sugar donuts  -- perfect surprise.  These guys know BBQ.  Definitely best overall in Phoenix!!   Do it!!"
"A little on the pricey side for BBQ, but the food and ambiance here are great. Looks a little more upscale on the inside than what I had expected...reminds me of something somewhere between Charleston's and the Keg. This is a pleasant surprise, especially considering the location.

The portions are huge, definitely big enough to share (which helps with the cost) and there are probably going to be leftovers depending on what you order. I have sampled most of the BBQ on the menu and it is all delicious. They bring a carafe of mild and regular sauces to the table so there is no shortage of sweet-tangy-saucy deliciousness. Good selection of side dishes. I especially liked their cole slaw -- not too wet, not too sweet.

The server brings a little bag of fresh mini donuts sprinkled with cinnamon sugar at the end of the meal. They are pretty incredible!!!"
"I was visiting my friend in Arizona this past May, and we were looking to get some barbecue. She had never been here, so we decided to check it out for lunch. We both ordered the platter sampler ($16) that came with a variety of items. I got the brisket, ribs, and pork with a side of fries while my friend got the sausage instead of the pork. The sausage was a little spicy and a tad on the drier side (still good though), but everything else was excellent. The ribs were especially good - the meat was tender and fell off the bone easily. At the end of your meal they give you free mini donuts which was cute.
Interior is nice and spacious, there is outdoor seating, and service was great. According to my friend it was a little pricier, but I'm used to LA/NY prices, so I thought it was a deal considering I still had leftovers after eating my fill. If I were ever in the area again, I would definitely go."
"Bobby Q's deserves it's excellent reputation! The food, ambiance and service were great. The server's suggestions totally met our tastes. I loved the baked potato with all the fixins and barbecued brisket. I drank a local beer and it was perfect for my taste."
"Very Yummy BBQ here. You can smell it from the parking lot. It is in the middle of the neighborhood, but don't doubt it! You get mini donuts at the end of your meal."
Wow this place was so delicious! We were expecting a hole in the wall Bbq place but we're surprised to see how big and nice it was. There was a long wait but for some reason the hostesses sat us almost immediately! (My husband flirted w them I think lol!) our server gave us amazing service! Our favorite was the brisket and I ate like 5 corn bread muffins! We definitely will return when in town again!
"This is our new brisket Q place. Oh my, so delicious!  We've tried several dishes and so far everything is so tasty that I can't pick a favorite yet:) this is my date night with the honey, and those craft beers are great. I love the big blue van..hope they bring on blue moon on draft soon."
"Great service, great food.  Our server was very nice and attentive, even though she was busy with a large party in the next table.  The food was aces as well, we enjoyed the ribs, the brisket and the sausage.  We had potato salad with the corn and the beans as sides, and you can tell how fresh everything tasted.  Definitely a keeper...we had so much left over."
"I have eaten here numerous times with my wife. Not sure what is better, the food or the service. They always make you feel at home and bend over backwards to give you great service. Food is hot and fresh. I take out of town guests here and EVERYONE loves it."
"The best BBQ ever and I am from Kansas City and know my BBQ!

The baby back ribs were tender and meaty by far the best I have ever had.

But don't stop there the four side dishes were also the best ever.

The mini donuts were fantastic,

The staff is unusually friendly and professional."
"I really liked it - and didn't get a chance to try anything more than the pork and a nibble of sausage as I was there for lunch and was kind of in a hurry.  The service was solid and everything I tasted was delicious... I just wanted a slightly bigger portion.  I realize they bring out free cornbread when you get there, and free tiny doughnuts when you leave (both are really good) - but you come there for MEAT!  I also realize it was a 'lunch portion' - but for the prices I wanted more bang for the buck.  The only side I tried was the mac n' cheese, and have nothing bad to say about that either.  I think the solution is to go for dinner and maybe try the sampler where I can leave satisfied.  I'll be back if I'm ever in the area!"
"Wow...  I'm from California and we don't really have any BBQ there, so I like to indulge a little when I travel.   Last month I was in Ft Worth, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, and New Orleans.    People there  said I had to try the Salt Lick in Round Rock (outside of Austin), and it was ""ok""... I thought at the time.. ""ok, it's above average""... I thought maybe I didn't really have a taste for it. 

New Orleans Jambalaya can't be matched... I'll leave it at that.  I didn't try the gumbo at Bobby Q, I just thought I would be disappointed after New Orleans a couple of weeks ago.   Brisket was unbelievable, also the best I've ever had. 

I tried the 3-meat combo and had chicken, St. Louis ribs, and brisket.   All were over the top, the brisket especially.  The ribs were very large and very tender.. probably the best I've ever had (anywhere). 

Mac & Cheese is supposedly their specialty... it was good, but I've had better, it wasn't that memorable but I didn't leave any behind either.  Baked potato side ... I wasn't happy with it, seemed under cooked or something.   I usually have a salad at least once a day, but I didn't try it at Bobby Q, I assumed it wasn't their thing. 

Ambiance was excellent but I opted to sit in the patio, it was a beautiful night, but what a mistake.   It was only occupied by a work-party or something and they were rather ripped, drunk, and to the point of talking about what it's like to travel in the south as a gay man, etc... kind of crude and I wasn't interested, neither was anyone else... higher class places would have asked them to leave. (I dinged the score for this).  After the crowd had it's fill of drinking, they turned to smoking... Oh My ... Yuck... haven't seen that in about a decade... One nice thing about California... smoking is fine, as long as it's 200 feet from anyone else.  The patio has a cover that is low and curved at the sides, it held the smoke in like an airship.   After 20 minutes, I was really gagging and it made the food taste awful.   Smokers... I know you like to light up after dinner, but you don't smoke ""during"" dinner.  Why is that?  Makes the food taste nasty? Yes... it does... learn to be considerate and take it outside for people that are eating and paying as well.   Took any desire for dessert away, I just wanted to leave at that point. 

If not for the smoking (which should really be banned in the constrained area), and the mediocre sides I would have given it 5 stars.   As it is, solid 4 (meat was that good)."
"Oh my God!!! Best food and service ever. I'm here in Phoenix on a business trip. Found this place on Yelp, the ratings are true!!!! Definitely a five star... It's sad that I'm writing this review after only having my appetizer and their Delicious cornbread. I'm waiting for my entre now but I can  only imagine how good it would be!!!!!! So glad we came here"
"Sooo glad we got a chance to try Bobby Q while visiting Arizona!

First and foremost, their service was incredible. I called in 45 minutes before and booked a reservation for Sunday night. Upon arrival, they greeted us warmly and seated us right away at a comfortable booth. Hunter, our server, was awesome. He was super friendly and helped us make our dinner choices. 

My boyfriend and I shared the Wedge Salad and the 3 Meat Combo - St. Louis Ribs, Baby Back Ribs, and the Brisket. The Wedge Salad was really fresh and refreshing (but not the healthiest since it comes with a pile of fried onions, but I'm not complaining!) All the meats were fall-off-the-bone tender and the bbq sauce was on point. For the sides we had the Baked Beans which were perfectly sweet, and the Mac n Cheese which I could probably have done without but it was okay. 

I couldn't have been happier with the meal and service but then they come with a bag of HOT FRESH donuts on the house. Wow...talk about cherry on top. You guys definitely made my night! 5 stars all the way!"
"Remember Bobby McGee's? Well they changed with the times and now it's Bobby Q's. Crazy. Know what else?  They've done it right!

The building has been renovated to anopen country feel. The patios are awesome with great water features.  The seating is comfortable and the lighting is perfect with the setup. It's all. Well balanced. 

We started with the Q rolls because all the reviews on here said we should. Yep. Yelpers are right. Tasty!

Let me take just a brief moment to tell you about Caleb our waiter. What a great guy!  He gave us a run down of what's what with his cute helpful self. We came late, which can be a problem, and the service and staff were so friendly. 

Ok back to it...

Next was the wedge salad and yummy. Caleb (the rockstar) split it without us even asking.   the chunks of blue cheese and the crispness of the iceberg were awesome. You could hear the couch from the lettuce. The crispy onions on top were a bonus. 

We went with the massive meat platter and three sides. The beef ribs were massive and not stringy at all. As Caleb told us, all meat is cooked 22 hours or something.   The pork was shredded perfect with the right amount of BBQ sauce. The brisket, my favorite was sooo tender. Mmmm meat. 

We had the corn, mac and cheese and beans. I tried them all and felt they were all a great ""goes along with"" but mostly ate meat. 

What a great dinner out!  Great food, ambiance, and amazing staff.  Caleb thanks for being a great server and hope to have the pleasure of your service again."
"Great Gluten Free choice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place is on my Favorites list. Not only do they have amazing BBQ but they have real menu for Gluten Free options even though it includes nearly every item from the regular menu.  Server very knowledgeable and not afraid to go ask kitchen staff questions.  My family sampled almost every BBQ item on the menu and couldn't decide which was best.  And those that get Dairy and tried the Mac & Cheese you all who who posted are right they say it was the best as was the birthday desert i couldn't eat. Thanks anyway."
"Truly the best restaurant bbq I've ever eaten.  I do not give 5 stars unless it is truly deserved. ;) I'll be honest, I first went to Little Miss Barbecue today but I didn't want to wait in line and not even know if they would have what I want to order by the time I get to the front so I looked for a highly rated bbq restaurant close by.  I wasn't excited to drive 15 minutes more but I decided to take a chance and I am so glad I did. Bobby Qs is amazing BBQ! The ambiance is impress a date worthy. The food is delicious. Our waitress was so nice and her service was on point. We ordered the Q rolls as an appetizer and a three meat combo with mac & cheese and potato salad. Every bite was delicious.  So I had to try the banana cream pie for dessert. It was all to die for. I wanted to call ""The Best Thing I Ever Ate"" or ""DDD"" and tell them they missed one! The St Louis ribs are perfectly seasoned, fall of the bone, smoky deliciousness. The brisket was juicy, thick cut, with just the right amount of bark on it. The pulled pork is tender and delicious. The sauce was just as good as the meat. The menu prices are similar to other BBQ restaurants of this caliber. I definitely recommend giving Bobby Qs a try"
"Best BBQ food I've had in a long time. Jason, our server, was knowledgeable and very pleasant. Overall a great place for dinner."
"""I LIKE PIG BUTTS and I cannot lie""

When visiting a new city, I try to eat things we don't have in Hawaii. Good BBQ is one of them so I'm no expert, but this place was so finger-licking-I'm-on-vacay-screw-my-diet good! Since we only had one shot to try everything, we tried the sampler:

WHOLE HOG HEAVEN $48
2 choices of ribs (we got baby back and St. Louis, I would get double baby back next time)
2 choices of meat (we got pulled pork and brisket, totally would get that again)
3 sides (we got roasted corn, beans, grilled veggies, but the shoestring fries were also very good)

KIDS MENU too! The kids had the chicken strips (which is like the breaded processed kind you get in the freezer), which they absolutely enjoyed because it is familiar to them. The key to a good kids menu is to offer things kids like (not mini versions of the adult food), and they do very well here. (We also ordered the appetizer chicken tenders, which is more like real chicken, real batter and they didn't like that as much.)

BBQ sauce- when asked if we wanted extra sauce, (regular or spicy?) I asked for both. I thought they'd bring little containers but hallelujah they thought of everything-we got little coffee pots of sauce brought to the table. Try the meat first before you drown it with sauce because it really needs no sauce! But I love sauce. I dipped the fries in it, the corn in it, the beans in it, I love good sauce. We (or I) emptied both pots of sauce, but TRY THE SPICY sauce! It's not that spicy and was delicious!

Service was great, and the little things like complimentary cornbread cakes and cute freshly made on the spot ""THANK Q"" cinnamon sugar donuts was a nice treat! 
Highly recommend!"
"Great staff, huge portions, excellent prices. Not to mention some of the best bbq and sides I've ever had. A can't miss spot in Phoenix!"
"Some amazing BBQ!  You start off with corn bread that is really moist and sweet.  It's almost like eating cake.  We did the three meat platter and they split it onto two plates for us.  Don't bother with trying different sides, just get double the Mac n cheese...you won't regret it!  It's creamy cheesy goodness!  Brisket is really tender as well as the chicken.  Finish your meal off with some complimentary mini donuts in cinnamon sugar goodness and you'll have to roll out the door. Nice environment, good service and great food!  I know I'll be back for more when I come back to Phoenix!"
"Eat here often. Actually, I tend to order to go more than I do dine in. I have to say, the food is excellent.  Best BBQ in the Phoenix area . Staff is pleasant.  I only gave 4 stars because I feel the staff behind the bar could be more personable."
The baby back ribs are amazing! Fall right off the bone. If I had one wish it would be they build another location in Scottsdale. The pulled pork is also amazing!
"This was some of the best BBQ I have had! My daughter and I both got the sampler with ribs, chicken and brisket. All were fantastic! Will be back."
"Best BBQ I've had on the West... and I know my BBQ! Great service, portions, environment and food!"
"So, this is our fifth time here.  The food is so great.  This go 'round we split the smoasted chicken with a side of brisket. Yep, you can add meats a la carte.  The brisket was just $7 and was quite a large portion.  In fact, we had enough left over for lunch for one the next day.  What a deal.  I must say that the chicken was so delicious.  Moist and slightly smoky but not so much that it took away from the flavor of the chicken.  We sat at the bar and every bartender was great... special shout out to Savannah, Chris, and Ben who always make us feel welcome and appreciated.  Thank you!"
"Great BBQ dinner on our last day of Phoenix vacation. Great staff - Ashlynn explained history of restaurant, how ribs and brisket prepared, and choices of sauces. Had a ""Whole Hog Heaven"" - which for our family was baby backs, St Louis ribs, and double order of smoked beef brisket. Tried two sauces - regular and spicy, which came to us in two small carafes for pouring. Sides included corn bread, roasted corn and ranch beans. Everything was tasty and we had left overs for part of lunch the next day. Ended with a death by chocolate dessert - which was two pieces of cake and a huge dollop of cream. Staff came by to replace empty drinks and refill water. A little dark inside so we were afraid to see what BBQ sauce stains were on our shirts when we left, but overall, a great place to dine."
"I have to say it was overall pretty good.  The location is nice.  I heard how wonderful the mac n cheese was supposed to be, and I did not like it.  It tasted very processed to me. Also, there was too much cheese in it.  The waiter we had was awesome, and the customer service was great.  I have had better bbq where I am from on the East coast, but it was not awful by any means.  I think the mini donuts are adorable.  Also, the cornbread was amazing.  I ate a piece, and I do not like cornbread usually.  I will come bk and give you guys another try in the future."
I was invited to a bday party there. When I got there the bouncer decided that my jeans were to long???... Never heard of that before. This so called dress code seems to be a way to stop certin people from going in. People of color beware! Take your hard earned money somewhere else.
"Okay firstly, I am from the South, so I grew up with ""pulled pork"" as the definition of barbeque. This place has got it and the sweet ice tea to go with it (one of the few things I miss from SC). My boyfriend and I dropped in here because we were in the neighborhood, and right off the smell was heavenly. It wasn't very busy, so I don't know if things would be different at another time, but the waitress was very friendly and we ordered and got our food in a timely fashion. Everything was delicious. We sat outside and I really enjoyed the sounds of the fountain (shaped like a still I think) and all the little succulents growing on the brick wall."
"Stopped by here while at Spring Training, food was delicious, will definitely be back for their BBQ! Service wasgreat too, very friendly :)"
"Came here with a co-worker for lunch during a business trip.  We both agreed that it wasn't that great for BBQ.  The meat was incredibly dry, which they tried to hide by adding extra BBQ sauce.  Nice try.   Overall, it was decent, but not extraordinary.  Portions aren't enormous, but just about right so that you don't over eat.

Edit 9/12  - I visited this place again on another business trip this time with a client, and I must say I was highly impressed.  I suspect the first time I went, something went wrong.  Maybe the chef was having a bad day or something?  Either way, I ordered the Pork Pull burger and I must say it was really tasty.  Wasn't dry as my first experience, and had just the right amount of BBQ sauce.  Very impressed.  Bumping up a star to average a 3 and 5 to 4!"
"Insanely good! A must if you love BBQ! The beef ribs were like a tender ribeye! We got the hog heaven with babyback ribs, beef ribs, bbq chicken, and brisket! With roasted corn and Mac n cheese. Just simply awesome! Highly highly recommend! Come to find out it's the old Bobby McGees! Our table server, Jack, was very knowledgeable and accommodating as well."
I love their bbq! I passed by this restaurant for years on the 17 before a buddy of mine tried it and said it was the best bbq he's had in Phoenix. I went with my family and everyone loved it! Their ribs and chicken and chicken fried steak are fantastic. Really nice atmosphere. I love this place.
"Had a great experience, out server was attentive and always checked up on us. The manager even introduced herself to us , the atmosphere is great as well as the people . The food is amazing, fresh and great in taste , my boyfriend got the brisket, theres no need for a knife , you can basically pull it off. The fried chicken is crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside . The artichoke dip with the garlic bread is a must get , got a little kick to it. They even gave us doughnut balls coated in brown sugar on our way out. I'm definitely coming back"
It's a little pricy for it to be one of our regular spots but for a fun time out when we have friends or family visiting it is great.
"The brisket egg rolls make it a worthy place to stop, bbq bacon cheeseburger also is meal,worthy, hog heaven is well noted but didn't have it. Other items to eat and return again for"
"This restaurant is consistently great. Their brisket is the best I have ever had! I usually sit at the bar, and both Brian and Jason are amazing!"
"Bobby Q is an amazing BBQ joint. Highly recommend it! The ambience is warm and fun. The service was exceptional. It was my first time and the waitress was very well versed about the food and how it is prepared. She made great recommendations. The cornbread was so good and rib meat slip off the bone. Sides were okay. I enjoyed the grilled veggies, but the Mac n Cheese not my favorite. Dessert, Banana pie, is a must! We were approached several times by two managers and our waitress definitely checked in a few times. It was very nice, but our conversations were interrupted several times throughout the evening. Less interruptions ideal. If I am ever back in Phoenix, AZ I would definitely return."
If you ever want to eat bar-b-q any where else ever again do not eat here.  This place will ruin all other places for you.  Truly amazing food. A highlight of our trip to Phoenix.
Went during lunchtime during the week. Was definitely pushing it on time. Our waitress was extremely nice and bubbly. Got in and out in 25 minutes and food was delicious. I recommend the brisket & potatoes salad.
"Holy cow!  My family had some amazing BBQ here.  Best brisket I ever had and the baby back ribs were to die for.  Corn bread is basically as good or better than cheddar biscuits at Red Lobster and that is saying a lot.  Service was excellent and our waitress was very attentive.  If you love BBQ, this place showed why it's rated so high.  Can't wait to go back!"
"I had the half rack of St. Louis ribs.  I thought the ribs were way over cooked.  Just to tender, to the point of being mushy.  The service was great.  The corn bread before the meal was very good.  I got mac and cheese and the pecan Cole slaw for my sides.  The slaw was blah, and to mac and cheese was ok.  The desert was an big.  I got mud pie ice cream, it was very good.  I will go back because the service was good alot with the atmosphere.  I will try a steak or fried chicken next time not the BBQ.  Oh and they give you doughnuts with your check!"
"Had the brisket and it was so so so so so soft. Delicious. The cornbread was also great and I liked the sauces, although the spicy didn't have much of a kick. The only disappointing bit was the Mac and Cheese. It tasted like it came out of a Velveeta box :/."
"Outstanding!
We tried this place basically on a whim.  I had just been browsing BBQ places on Yelp and saw that this one had a good rating and mostly good reviews.  I am so glad we decided to give it a try!  It was at an odd time, between lunch and dinner, so it was pretty empty when we were there. Let's see if I can break this down simply...

Appearance
-Easily missed from the road, but good amount of parking
- Not that much to look at from the outside, but the inside was *very* surprising to me.  It was well done inside, and much nicer than expected.  Pretty nice restroom as well (and includes a changing table)

Service
- Friendly greeting at the door 
- Attentive server who answered any questions we had
- All-around pleasant experience

Food
Now this is where I have to try not to gush too much.  I'll review what we ate...
- Cornbread: a hockey-puck shape rather than a muffin or a loaf, very tasty, served with butter.  Even my husband who doesn't much care for cornbread enjoyed it.
- Q-Rolls:  I practically inhaled 3 of these before remembering I had more food coming.  I loved both the sauces that came with it (chipotle and bbq)
- Smoked pulled pork platter:  HUGE portion!  I wasn't prepared for the size!  I chose fries and mac&cheese as my sides.  The fries were well seasoned and skinny, came with ketchup.  I wouldn't normally order mac&cheese, but I'd read good reviews about it... it did not disappoint!  The pulled pork itself, paired with the bbq sauce, was up there with some of the best I've had.  Moist, flavorful, not full of fat globs (always a complaint of mine), and with the sauce, it was fantastic.  I had to pack up more than half to bring home because there was so much.
- Pulled pork sandwich:  My husband's dish, with a side of mashed potatoes.  He enjoyed his pork as well, and said his mashed potatoes were good, but was unable to finish them because of all we'd eaten already.
- Lemonade:  My husband's drink.  He said that (happily) it was ""real"" lemonade, not the minute-maid kind.  Good!
- Sweet tea:  I usually love sweet tea, and this is no exception.
- I'm not sure what was put in our take-away bag with our leftovers as I can't identify it on the menu, but we were given a small baggie with some...I guess little cinnamon doughnuts?  Which...were also wonderful.

Other
- Very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food you're given

Overall
Fantastic!  The minute we got home, I called my parents to tell them they had to try this place the next time they were in town, and I let my friends know it's worth a try as well!  There is seriously not a negative thing I can think to say about this place."
"Took the family (2 adults, kids:2,3, & 6). Ordered the big sample platter $35 i think, and it was enough for all of us. 2 different kinds of ribs, 2 different kinds of beef, and slow roasted chicken plus 3 different sides. The food was great. You could argue that other places make a single type of BBQ better but as a whole sample of BBQ, it doesn't get better than this. The portions of the side dishes could be bigger. We got there before 6pm and had no wait... once we left though, there were lot's of people waiting.

Their bar was rockin'. They have happy hour 'till 6p. Apparently this is the spot for drinks after work. Lot's of hot looking women. I will definitely be back, either with the family or with friends for the bar.

After reading the bad reviews I noticed a trend... they were written mostly by out-of-towner's that compare this place to joints in St. Louis and such. If you're some kind of a BBQ snob, of course you've had better... get over it. The BBQ is better than you're going to get at most full service restaurants that happen to have BBQ on the menu. As for those that complained about occasional bad service... have you seen the wait for a table after 6pm? Obviously they're doing something right. People have bad days sometimes."
"This place was really good! Service was really great too. We had ordered an appetizer but they forgot to put it in, but we honestly forgot about it until after we ate our lunch. They ended up boxing the appetizer up for us to take home no charge (they really didn't have to but the gesture was nice). Good barbecue, definitely will go back."
Love this place ! The Bbq  was amazing this is the second time I've been here we came up from Tucson  and I couldn't wait to come back with more family ! The food is amazing and the service . Thank you for the great food ! We will be back
"This place is a hidden gem! The staff are SUPER friendly and the food is delicious. I am originally form California, and wish they would have a Bobby Q's in the bay area. The cornbread is mouth watering, and their beer is delicious as are the ribs, mash potatoes, mac n cheese, grilled corn and apple cobbler. There were 4 of us, and we all shared each others food, as there was hearty portions offered. I advise you to do the same, so you can taste different dishes at once. I will definitely return, if I am back in Arizona. Our waitress Victoria was soooo friendly and nice! I absolutely also loved the ambiance and the restaurant is set up so you think you are in the south. LOVED it!"
"A) this place is open on Sundays which apparently a lot of good lunch spots in Phoenix are not and B) this is one of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to! 

The BBQ brisket was tender and moist, my bf is from the south and was very impressed with the authentic Carolina BBQ sauce. The service was really above and beyond, at least 3 different staff members came to check up on us and everyone was SO friendly. (A certain resort in Sedona could learn from the people here!). 

The strawberry lemonade was super sweet and after you've stuffed yourself on delicious, moist BBQ, they give you 4 donuts in a bag with your check. Great idea because a bag of beignets certainly makes paying easier, though the food and service were so good, paying would never be a burden here. 

If you like BBQ, you MUST come here! We'll be back for sure!"
"Was not expecting food this good. I had the brisket and was not disappointed, the family had ribs and chicken. Both were very good in appearance and flavor. We will be back the next time we are in Arizona."
"This place puts me into a pretty good meat coma every single time I go.  I blame the restaurant.  The food is so good that I can't stop shoveling it into my face, even when I know it's quitting time.  The brisket is the best I've ever had, excellent roast corn and mac and cheese, and strawberry colada is a total mouthgasm.  It's very cozy in the restaurant and nice and dark so that you don't have to be ashamed as you're smearing rib sauce all over your face.  But seriously....this is the best BBQ I have had in the Phoenix area so far.  So go!"
"I took a long hiatus from yelping and now I'm back with a vengeance!  See the great thing about yelp and people actually taking the time to write reviews is how I came across Bobby Qs in a recent road trip to Az.  

Hands down the most decadent, tender, fall of the bone, flavor packed ribs I've ever had.  Second favorite was a tie between the brisket and sausage.  Got one of the meat combos and basically everything was on point and memorable.  Service was excellent--very attentive, drinks and water glass were never empty.   

Easily 5 stars in my book!

Keep on BBQing, Bobby Q!"
"I have seen the sign while driving and FINALLY decided to try it, glad we did.  Austin was our server and he was great super friendly and attentive.  
I had the beef brisket with mac and cheese and pecan slaw..brisket was super moist and thank goodness it was not covered in sauce just a little drizzle (would have been perfect w/out sauce too), mac and cheese was WONDERFUL!  pecan slaw was just OK.  My son had the chimi shrimp with mac & cheese and mashed potatoes of course we had to share a few bites, shrimp was done perfect had great flavor the potatoes did not disappoint either they were yummy to.  
Had to have a little desert of course..peach cobbler was simply amazing!  

For sure going to be back VERY VERY soon."
Bobby Qs is amazing. I loved the ribs and the Mac n cheese! The sweet tea was awesome too. Treat yo self and come eat at this place!
My boyfriend and I have been here a few times now and we love this place!! Hands down the best baby back ribs we've ever had. We usually get the Q Rolls to start and split a whole rack of ribs and leave stuffed. The complimentary corn bread is also really yummy! The servers are also super friendly; every time we go I always make a comment to my boyfriend about how nice the servers were. We've taken friends and family here and they also love it!
I went for dinner with my friend. The meat was really good especially the huge beef rib!! I can say that it is one of the best bbq in az!
"I guess you'll love this place if you're a heavy flesh eater that eats just about anything covered in sauce.  But for someone who saves their palate for quality meat, I would recommend saving your money.  The bright side, is that you'll get a choice of sauces, but other than that the food is not memorable.  I have not been back after finding red jelly (I suppose that it was congealed blood from a chicken that was too young - I'm not exactly sure) on the joints of the bones."
Awesome food and service. Cool place for drinks especially in the evening. We have been there twice already. Planning to go and eat there again.
"A friend and I tried Bobby Q for the first time a few days ago. Reception could use some additional training in customer service. I had the two meat combo plate with brisket and baby-back ribs recommended by our server ALEXANDRA, WHO WAS AWESOME!! Meat was delicious, tender and juicy. My sides were Mac N Cheese & grilled veggies, both which were also great. My friend had the prime rib and shrimp, which were also cooked perfectly and he enjoyed them a lot. Dessert was apple cobbler, which was also well done. Overall, a good experience. Portions are ample, but so are the prices. Dinner for two with drinks and tip was $85."
"Great bbq...another place to hit next time we are in town! Bar had seating inside and outside. Drinks were yummy. Don't do what I did and forget your ""free"" donuts."
"Food is awesome...service is awesome! Came in on a Sunday evening with a partu of 13.  Justin and Amberly did an awesome job serving us.  
Baby back ribs come right off the bone.  The corn bread is amazing and the donuts that they have are to die for!  Price is good too.  For 13 of us the check came out to 211..not bad at all!!!!"
Great BBQ. The service is great. It's a little pricey but that is to be expected
If you've never been to bobby q's you have to try their baby back ribs. They are the best fall off the bone baby back ribs I've ever had!!! The cornbread and donuts are to die for.
The best corn ever! Had the 14oz ribeye and it was great as well. The wife had pulled pork and loved it. We were driving down 17 and were hungry from our trip to the Grand Canyon. Looked over and saw this place from the Freeway and just had to stop. Prices are reasonable and the service was just right. No complaints.
"Food was delicious. Second time coming here when visiting Phoenix. Corn bread they start the meal off with is delicious. 

The decor is great. A lot of effort went into it to make it look so nice inside. 

Would have gave it 5 stars but took about 30 minutes to get good out. Bbq never should take that long to serve. 

Meal was great and desert was even better. Service was good too.

Mini donuts at end of meal are the best."
"talk about ambience, and 5 star service.  food and portions are worth the price.  great menu selection, night club next door if you want to dance and drink.  highly recommended"
We had great service & the ribs were delish. It was extremely busy & parking was a trick...not to mention it's in kind of a run down area. That seems to be how Phoenix is though. Was too full to order dessert but they brought us mini donuts at the end anyway - so yummy!
"We've been here twice and the food is amazing! My son is a picky eater and he loved the chicken tenders and French fries. First time I just had the Caesar salad and my husband got their famous burger. He talked me into having a bite of his and it was the best burger I've ever had.    
The second visit, we got the family dinner. We got baby back ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, Mac n Cheese, potato salad, and fries. They bring you corn bread when you sit down. All of it was delicious. I was really surprised. They give you some donuts when you leave. The service was good and the food is great. You won't be disappointed here. We will go back often :)"
Came here last night. It was amazing! Best service in the whole entire world. Great food! Great atmosphere! Delicious cornbread and donuts.
"Nope never again. Make better BBQ myself.  They get two stars because the wait staff was excellent. All the BBQ is sickingly SWEET.  4 different meats on the platter and everything covered in it. Very one note.  Rib meat frll off the bone way over cooked, dry and pretty tasteless.  Brisket would have been good if it wasn't smothered in sugar.  My sangria was weak. They give you fresh made doughnuts as a thank you, nice touch, couldn't eat them doughy.  I don't mind spending over 100 dollars for a good meal, i just felt robbed!"
Every time we come to Arizona we have to make a visit to Bobby Q's. Food is always so good. We made reservation and were seated a couple minutes after our reservation time. Our waitress was awesome and we got our food pretty fast considering it was pretty busy.
"Yum, Yum, Yum.  This was my first time and we made it count.  I ordered the beer collaboration with Thunder Canyon and it was great! From there had some of the Q Balls which were fantastic.  We got to meet the manager and had a great time with our server as well.  Thanks Bobby Q!"
"I'm from Texas where the B-B-Q is the best .Bobby-Q  rates on top with the best  B-B-Q  in Texas .Yeah ,Way to go ,and the Staff is excellent .Thanks for a great evening. Linda"
"I've been in Phoenix for about 9 months now.  I had a serious craving for only 3 things since relocating here from Maryland.  That is UTZ potato chips, a real deal Holy Field Crabcake and some good soul food. 

 I've tried Honey Bears because that was deemed the best soul food in Phoenix.  What a joke!  I'll save what I thought about Honey Bears for their review.  I tried LoLo's Chicken and Waffles - I'll save that one for their review as well but I will tell you that it didn't stand a change to those Bobby Q's Beef ribs... Man my mouth watered when I typed that!

Seriously, nothing else compares,  The sauce, the meat, the seasonings, the flavors .. good Lawd!  The roasted corn, the cute little bags of doughnuts they give you after your meal really is the icing on the cake!

I've only been once but remember EXACTLY how good everything was I've tasted.  I think I should take a trip to Bobby Q's this Sunday"
"I would give 6 stars if I could. This place has it all! The food, the service, and the atmosphere is always on point. I've never had a problem in all of my visits here. 

-The Service
My first time at Bobby Q, the Server greeted us (My Girlfriend and I) with an awesome attitude. She explained that their signature ribs are smoked for 22 hours, and a brief history about the company. There's usually a Manager circling around to make sure everyone is satisfied.

-The Food
My Girlfriend and I always order the 2 Rib Combo, I get the St. Louis Style, She gets the Baby Back. Believe me when I say, the meat literally and I mean literally falls off the bone with no effort at all! The sauce tastes amazing and they're not stingy with it. One of the highlights is the cornbread. Now, if you know me at all, I used to hate cornbread. But Bobby Q has changed my mind. The cornbread is very tasty and you can actually taste the real corn.

-Atmosphere
Kinda gives you a feel of an indoor picnic. They have unique seating. I personally like seating in the booths facing the TVs at the Bar. They usually have sports games on (NFL, MLB, NBA etc...) I believe at a certain time, it changes into a Night Club, which I have yet to try. I haven't tried their drinks yet, but I'm looking forward to it.

I would recommend Bobby Q to anyone I know. No matter how busy they are, they make sure their customers are happy. And they do get pretty busy. That's expected with the amazing food and service they have. Kudos to the Owner and Managers. And thank you to the wonderful staff! I'll definitely be back! - Gabriel Salazar"
"Just a great experience! 
I went here for some Good-Bye beers with my wife and parents on their last day in Phoenix. We went at about 6pm on a Sunday and were shocked by the Awesome Happy Hour Deals they had!!! $3 beer specials, $3 Fireball Shots, $0.99/6 wings, and they had a grill set up in the outdoor lounge area where they were serving up $1 Burgers, Dogs, Steak Tacos! 
Our server Amethyst was great! So attentive, made sure we were never thirsty. My dad had a Bacon Wrapped Hot Dog and loved it! I went for the Steak Tacos that were hot off the grill and amazing. Seriously the best steak taco I have had in Phoenix! Simple and delicious made with great steak! Fresh toppings bar set up next to the grill. My Mom went for the BBQ Wings, and of course I stole a couple from her! 
I can't speak for their Full Restaurant Menu packed with Meat Goodies, but after our great experience here we will for sure go back! 
I personally can't wait to try the Smoked Prime Rib! I have never seen that done before, it has to be amazing! 
Great job! Thanks for the awesome service Amethyst! I wish I had asked about your schedule as I'd like to go back when you're working!"
"The best brisket sandwich I have ever had. Moist. Just the right amount of sauce. 

I was just passing by and just decided to try it based on yelp reviews. They were all right. Delicious food. 

The service was great. The sandwich was delicious. I also had the Mac and cheese. Tasted very bad for me but fantastic. 

I wanted to try it again to make sure it wasn't just a fluke. I had another brisket sandwich. Delicious again. The waitress was very friendly and very helpful. The manager stopped by and asked how everything was. I will definitely be back even though it's about a 40 minute drive from home."
"Everything at this restaurant is So good. Get the ribs,mac and cheese, and mash potatoes and you will be sooo happy and sooo satisfied."
"Great service.. Great atmosphere.. Amazing BBQ.. Probably one of the best! It's kind of a hidden treasure.. Don't let the street view fool you, as soon as you walk in, you'll find everything to be clean and the food fresh! GREAT place!"
"At a basketball tournament needed to eat between games, found Bobby Q nearby.  We walked into restaurant with a group of 12.  There was no problem seating us.  We had 3 waiters, all amazing!  Food came out quick and was soooo delicious!  Managers stopped by often to make sure everything was good.  Definitely will return.  Highly recommend!!!"
"""You smell like smoke.""  That's the greeting I received when coming home from a terrific UYE organized by BBQ lovin' Deb L.  And at that point, if my stuffed self didn't already know it, I knew I had just eaten some damn good food.

Upon arriving, I had a deja vu moment of being there before...a long time ago, sipping a virgin strawberry daiquiri (I told you it was a long time ago), and thinking I was all that.  Yes, it was Bobby McGee's at one time!  So flash forward 25 years, and I'm having a strawberry lemonade ""adult"" beverage, which was quite tasty btw, in the company of 20 fabulous Yelpers!

We were given corn bread pretty quickly, and it was devoured pretty quickly.  A little on the crumbly side, but delicious nonetheless.  Because my husband could not join us, I went with the 2-meat combo (brisket and pulled pork) so there would be some left to take him.  Yeah, that's my story.  I was a happy eater to find I could order my meats sauce free!  The brisket was good, but a little too fatty.  The pork was really good, however; adequately seasoned and smokey.  I tried the spicy sauce on the table, and found it to be just right, just a little kick to it.  For sides, the mac and cheese was creamy and not lacking in sauce.  Yum.  The roasted corn was really really good.  If corn always tasted that good, I would move to Iowa.

Our service was great and they were accommodating for our request for separate checks with a 20% gratuity.  Our service was actually good enough, especially given a party that size, that I tipped extra.  And I did refrain from eating all of my meal, so that I could have a nice lunch the next day when my husband refused my offer of the leftovers.  Only problem was he didn't refuse.  And I went hungry the next day, wishing I had eaten all of my meal when I had the chance."
Not real BBQ...just over cooked meat.
Excellent food and service.  Michael was our waiter.  He had only been working here for a week and was outstanding.  Kudos to the hiring staff. Thank you for another great experience at Bobby Q Michael!  My family and I will definitely be returning.
"Came here yesterday (first time) for lunch. We had 4 people and we all LOVED our selections plus the appetizer we shared!!!
The server, Sam, was great; ambiance wonderful and the food was fabulous!!!
Excellent experience - we'll go back for sure"
"Love this place! Great staff and wonderful service!  This is a carnivores Disneyland, the Brisket melts in your mouth and the Ribeye is made to order. Bring your appetite because these are healthy portions, BBQ is almost as good as mine..."
"I have been driving by here to and from work since I was forcibly relocated by my company to a North Phoenix office. I remembered it as the old Bobby McGee's and wondered what it was like now. I had seen reviews of BBQ places in Phoenix it was listed as being in the top 10. I starved myself at work yesterday and then stopped on the way home. This place gets packed after 6pm and I got there right before. I had the Q rolls based on another reviewers recommendation and also the people from the table next to me. I could not stop eating them...I was full by the time my 3 meat platter showed up. I took a taste of everything and it was wonderful. Pulled pork, chicken, and brisket. Today it will be lunch and dinner, and lunch was delicious reheated! I will drag my work friends here for lunch or dinner one of these days. Then I think I will try on of their steaks, aged in house. Maybe another review..."
"I got take out what I got was a pulled pork sandwich with potato salad and a order of calamari all of that for one shitty payment of $26 clams the sandwich size is a joke about as small as my pecker might want to rename that sandwich to ""a bun"" seriously where the hell is the meat? Now whatever pork I managed to find with a search party was in fact tender and has flavor. On to the potato salad I got to say it's good hearty chunks of potato. Finally the calamari ummm pass don't get it if you so tell them ""I'll have and order of disappointment please."" This was my first time ordering from here and after this letdown it's hard to determine whether or not I'll come back."
Had to be the 1000 review for this. It's delicious! It's expensive yeah but it makes up with it with the taste. It's a classy joint. The baked potato is delicious and I love the barbecue sauce!
"Holy moly! This place did not disappoint and once again the Yelp reviews are correct! Service, flavors, portions, and the surprise brown bag of goodies at the end of our meal made this place onto my ""I will return"" list and it is highly recommended. Great BBQ!"
"Service here is amazing. While a coworker and I were waiting for the rest of our party, the probably-owner offered us drinks, and the waiter checked in with us a fair few times to make sure everything was good.

Food was...not so amazing. Portions are large enough for 3 people, and none of those people are meant to be me.

I ordered the 1) 8oz sirloin steak with 2) mac n cheese and 3) shoelace fries, along with a 4) frozen strawberry lemonade. 

1) Ordered medium rare. Average steak. There was a vein of unchewable running through it that I had to spit out. It really is quite massive and is the only thing I wound up finishing or even putting a dent into.

2) Waaaay rich. Like eating a bowl of solid melting cheese. Not my thing, but maybe it is yours.

3) Fried breaded onions. Like onion rings, but also like eating oil.

4) Unbelievably, jaw-achingly sour. The waitstaff offered me another to replace it, which was just as sour, but it couldn't be helped.

Tl;dr: 5 star service, 3 star food."
"Bobby Q...you had me at cornbread and donuts.

We made an open table reservation for 7:30 but arrived at 7:15 and were seated immediately. 

We ordered the whole hog ($38) that comes with your choice of two orders of ribs and two orders of meat and three sides. We decided to order the St Louis Ribs, baby back ribs, pulled pork and brisket. The sides were two orders of Mac n cheese (since our kiddos love Mac n cheese) and corn.  

Complimentary cornbread quickly arrived. Flatter than most corn breads it is packed with flavor. Tad oily but it was warm, moist and absolutely delicious.

As soon as we finished the bread our entrees arrived and we were shocked at the quantity. Could definitely feed 4 adults.  The St Louis Ribs...OMG! Yummy. Fall off the bone tender with excellent flavor. My boys who usually don't care for ribs ate half of the ribs.  The baby back was also delicious and less fatty. The pulled pork and brisket were also excellent although the ribs were definitely the highlight. Mac n cheese was incredibly creamy and perfect for the kiddos. Corn was a mix of slivers of Cobb and corn kernels in butter. Can't go wrong with that.

We couldn't finish our meal but that wasn't the end...they give you a brown bag labeled with ""thank q"" on it. Fresh hot, light and fluffy cinnamonny sugary goodness that tastes like fresh churros but with a mini donut texture.

10% off with check in only sweetens this place. Thanks Bobby Q for a delicious meal."
"Great food, great service, tasty treats. The baby back ribs fall off the bone, the bbq sauce is really good, both the regular and spicy. Mashed potatoes delicious, brisket is good, chicken is good. I really haven't had anything I didn't like. :)"
"Love the ribs, service is great."
"I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. The service was good and the food was ok, but it's just another ordinary BBQ joint in my opinion. I ordered the baby back ribs and brisket combo...unfortunately the ribs were dry and the brisket was chewy. I should have listened to the waiter when he said they're known for their aged steaks. If it's brisket you want, go to Rudy's BBQ."
AMAZING FOOD! So yummy. I suggest the pulled pork sand-which and their shoe string fries and pecan coleslaw. And YOU have to get the Q Rolls for an appetizer!! Also don't forget to try their lemonade :)
"Thanks Yelpers, this was my first time eating here & it was Delicious. The mac & cheese is a must try, the corn bread was very good and the meat was tender & seasoned perferectly.
And, at the end of your meal, they give you a bag of warm fresh donuts. Thanks Bobby Q for making our final meal in Phoenix wonderful."
"Found this place on Yelp and got 10% off.  It was fantastic.
Had the brisket and pulled chicken.  The brisket was good, but the pulled bar-b-q chicken was out of this world.  Every meal comes with skillet cornbread that was delicious.
For sides we had the baked beans and mac & cheese.  Both were excellent.
The incredibly sweat tea (I suggest getting it half & half) was awesome.
There were plenty of wait staff on hand even though it was an unusually busy Sunday.  They were all friendly, attentive, and attractive."
"If your me and want to find a joint with a rocking atmosphere, awesome food, and just to have a good time, this is your place!This is what we ordered:

Baby Back Ribs W/ Cold Slaw and Potato Salad- 5/5 rating. Ribs were succulent and off the bone tender. They had a smoky and flavorful bbq taste. Both sides were flavorful and were a great palette refresher.

St. Louis Style Ribs W/ Corn and Cold Slaw-
4/5 rating. These ribs were more meatier yet still were fall of the bone tender. However, these had a less of a bbq and smoky flavor than the baby back ribs. Both sides brought value to the Ribs as well. 

Bbq Brisket W/ MAC n Cheese and Cold Slaw- 3.5/5 rating. Brisket was very tender with a nice melt in your mouth texture. However, they lacked a predominant smoky flavor and the portion was skimp to price. Mac n Cheese was very cheesy while Cold Slaw had good flavor. 

Overall, this place is great to pig out and have an awesome time with dynamite bbq. Service was superb and as an added bonus you get mini donuts at the end of your meal;) 
Note: Prepare for long lines or else call in reservations."
"Thank you Taylor & Luke B for your hospitality and great service. The food was amazing, thank you for everything. This was our 1st time, but will continue to be our favorite in Arizona. Alex & Marty Q"
"Amazing everything. Visited on a Monday during lunch time. There was no wait. 

Great customer service from wait staff. Waters were always full and didn't wait long for anything. 

MUST TRY the St. Louis Ribs and sausages. 

The brisket can be slightly dry. 

Recommend coming for weekday lunch prices since prices can be on the high side for dinner/weekends, but I feel like it's worth it."
"I don't give five star reviews for barbeque restaurants lightly. I'm from Kansas. And Kansas City BBQ is in my blood. That being said... This place has some amazing food. I had the St Louis Style ribs and the sliced brisket and it was amazing. Smoked and grilled to perfection. Just the right amount of bark on the brisket. Delicious ribs that almost fall off the bone. So good that I'm salivating thinking about it a day later.  

We also got the Barbeque Egg roll appetizer and it was delicious. The wrap for these rolls is a puff pastry that is fried around their delicious brisket. Dipping sauces are both wonderful. I really enjoyed the nice sweet smokiness of their regular BBQ sauce. The chipotle ranch is also quite good.

No complaints from anyone at our table. Southern Fried Chicken looked amazing. My wife got the pulled pork sandwich and let me taste... It was really good.

I just don't think you can go wrong here. The only downside is the price. You can easily drop $25 per person here, but it's money well spent on a damn fine meal. 

Possibly the best BBQ in Phoenix. Easily the best I've had since living here and I've been trying them all. You should go here... Your wallet might regret it but YOU won't."
"The food is amazing, you can 100% taste the fact that they smoke the meat for so long, it is a little expensive but I would say it is worth the splurge and leaving with your pants being a little tight. Only reason I'm not leaving a 5 Star review is just because the wait time for the food was a little long, but that can be over looked because the food itself was worth the wait."
"Oh. My. God.

This place has THE BEST ribs I've ever had. I really popped in here on a whim and was blown away by the food. I went on a Sunday and got $10 off the sharing platter. This place has the nicest cornbread muffins too, but really everything is delicious. I went to grab the half-rack of ribs and the bones just fell out of the meat. At the half-way point I had to stop myself because I'd end up pigging out. I got the rest to go but honestly this was the best cue I had in all of the USA."
"We were very underwhelmed........the waiter went on about their meat is smoked for 18 hours,  thats bs........the baby back ribs were obviously boiled and maybe lightly smoked, the pulled pork had a very faint smoked flavor.  The side dishes were good, but the meat is ok at best, not real authentic bbq."
"The Food was BOMB MY N*GGA ! The service was great, friendly and nice environment. Recommend it to everyone who loves some good bqq ribs."
"My wife and I stopped at Bobby Q's because we were in that area of town and looking for something tasty for lunch on Yelp. We found this place, which had several stellar reviews, and decided to give it a try. 

I got the beef brisket sandwich and my wife got the pulled pork sandwich. I had a side of fries and she got a side of macaroni and cheese. Starting with mine, the beef brisket was amazing. It was well seasoned, they used incredibly soft, super fresh, potato rolls for the buns, and the order came out hot. The french fries were crisp and well seasoned. 

The pulled pork that my wife had was good as well, however it was a little on the dry side, and probably could have used some more barbeque sauce. The macaroni and cheese was really good, and some of the creamiest I've ever had. As a starter, they also bring out cornbread which is hot, fresh and soft. It was quite excellent. 

For drinks we both got some of their specials. The drinks were massive, well priced at only $10 apiece, and easily big enough to share! Our waiter was Mateo, and he was really friendly and helpful. If he's working, request him. The restaurant itself had a huge outdoor covered seating area with fans and a fountain. There was a nice breeze, and even though it was a hot day it was still comfortable to sit outside. We really enjoyed this place, and would definitely go back."
"Not a big fan of BBQ (Sorry!) but the bf is so our friends decided to bring us here while we visited. My bf and friends bf had the Whole Hog Heaven. Being big eaters they were both happy and left full. I had the best southern fried chicken ever! Boneless chicken breast with the crispy outside (not chicken fried steak) it was amazing. Everyone at the table had a bite. Mash was great too. Service was quick. Staff was amazing. My bf wanted donuts (which they give you on the way out) before dinner and they gave them to him, he's spoiled.  Manager came over to chat with us which was really nice. She also gave us another bag of donuts on the way out for later. We will def be returning here for the best bbq ever!"
"Food is pretty good, service is decent. There isn't much better BBQ in the area, a little pricey but the environment it's fun."
"Everything about this place is perfect. Eating here is really an experience. I've ordered the whole hog on several occasions, which includes a variety of meats and feeds about 3. Be sure to ask for extra bbq sauce, as multiple types are available. Also donuts at the end are a nice touch."
"Last weekend, my girlfriend and I went to my favorite restaurant Bobby-Q
First I ordered an appraiser, and  It was their Q rolls with chipotle dipping sauce. It was amazing!  It was stuffed with beef brisket wrapped in a crispy bread. Then the waiter served their corn bread, and it was the best I ever had.

Then I ordered their brisket dinner. The meat was so tender it was falling apart on my fork. I didn't have to use my knife. And their Mac & cheese is made fresh, and it was really good as well.

I'm going back next week lol."
"I have been trying to find a good BBQ place, and I have drove by and seen the sign driving north on the I-17 many times but reluctant to try because of my past experiences with BBQ places. Honey Bear BBQ has nothing on this place, HB BBQ pulled pork was dry and their sauce was too vingeary and not as thick, I was very disappointed, but until I tried BOBBY Q's...I was impressed with the decor,  and it was a nice day so we sat outside on the charming open patio with a trickling water fountain near us. The food is cheaper during the week but weekends is a bit more expensive....there is too much to tell, you just have to try for yourself, you wont be disappointed.... and you get a free little dessert as you leave ( freshly made mini sugar doughnuts) YUM!!!!"
Menu can be a little overwhelming for first timers because there are so many combinations make sure you ask your waiter for help. Everything is so delicious here you can tell they take their time on it. Managers will stop by to make sure you're enjoying your meal just a very positive atmosphere. This is for the restaurant only as I've never stayed for the club... who would after eating heavy BBQ hehe...
This place was the worst food and service. The waitress was rude and the manager was worse
"It took a UYE (thanks, Deb!) to get me to finally try this place which is just a few blocks from where I live, and now I'm sorry I didn't try it much earlier. The cornbread starter was awesome - I could have eaten all that was in the basket, but had to be considerate ;-) Upon a yelper's recommendation (thanks, Jacob!), I had the St. Louis style BBQ ribs with sides of roasted corn and pecan coleslaw.  The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender, so amazingly good. The more sedate flavors of the sides were a good counterpoint for the intensely savory ribs. We shared desserts -- the chocolate overload was good, and the peach cobbler was not overly sugared like it usually is in most establishments. I like it better that way because the taste of the fruit comes out more, although apparently the others preferred sweeter.  My only gripe was the lighting: on our table, the spotlight-like fixture above me shone harshly on me while keeping the others in comfortable darkness. The servers were friendly and efficient, and the mini donuts given on the way out were scrumptious. This is one place for many return visits, and I'll make sure they seat me in an area without a mini-searchlight above."
"Definitely a huge fan. I absolutely love the ambience and setup. Their service was fast and amazing. They serve tea that comes in these cute little boxes and they give you a select variety. They also give you home made cornbread with butter. 

I ordered the two meat platter which came with two sides. I ordered pulled pork and the baby back ribs. The ribs were probably the best I have tasted. I balanced the meal out with their grilled veggies and Mac and cheese on the side. Needless to say I was in the clean plate brigade that night. 

For dessert, you really need to try the mud pie. Very generous portion to either share or just feed that sweet tooth for yourself.

Overall I'm definitely a fan :) :)"
"Some of the best ribs I've ever had have come from here. Their sides are awesome too, especially if your a fan of macaroni and cheese."
"Stopped in for dinner.  The atmosphere was great and there were many good smells wafting through the room.  We had several questions for the waitress regarding use of soy as an ingredient or cooking oil.  She had to keep going away to ask and the answers coming back were vague and not very helpful.  Not acceptable in these times.  Many people don't care, but soy is an allergen and one of our group has an intolerance.  We expect better of highly rated restaurants than to use soy as the cheap go-to ingredient in most of their menu.  Barbecue sauces can be made from real ingredients like cane sugar, tomatoes, vinegar, spices etc...   Ingredients like soy and corn syrup are a cheap sellout in my view.  With better ingredients and staff training this could be a really good restaurant.  If soy doesn't bother you, go for it.  The fresh donuts at the end are a great touch (soy there too)."
"I am absolutely amazed with this place. 
We decided to book these guys as our wedding caterer. The only time I have ever been here is for a quick food tasting and other than that was not expecting to be back or try the food again until the wedding. 
My parents decided to treat my fianc and I to a dinner here and I can't even begin to explain how amazing everything was. 
Not just the food, but the service as well. 
Our server, Joey, went above and beyond and was exceptional. 
There was an error with our food in the system so they were running behind and the manager, Jack came over to us personally to apologize and told us he was giving us 50% off our bill for the inconvenience. The service continued to be amazing even after that and they even brought us out a free plate of Q rolls for the inconvenience to keep our stomachs full until the food came. 
Needless to say, I am THRILLED we chose this place to cater our wedding and I have no doubt it will be anything less than perfect. 
As for the food.... well I'll let the pictures speak for themselves. 
Speechless. 
Thank you Joey, Jack and Bobby Q for an amazing experience. 
You guys rock."
"The food was great. The service was good until we were asked if we wanted boxes about 15 minutes after our meal was serviced and we were still eating our dinner. This has happened to us twice, the last two times we've came here for dinner. We are here to enjoy our dinner and have a couple of cocktails. If you are out of tables set of some table in the other room for a few hours at dinner time or place a sign on the door that says ""Take Out Only""."
"Good food and service, however I honestly cannot recall what I had so I guess not impressionable. Very loud and I recommend reservations."
Food is amazing and the staff is always friendly. I love the corn bread and the fresh mini donuts that you get on the way out.
"Had a great meal at Bobby Q while in Phoenix for the week. It's tough to impress me with Q because of my long history of slow smoking meats in my ancient stick burner. 
I started the meal with the Q rolls appetizer, let me say these are brilliant and amazingly good!! They are basically brisket egg rolls that melt in your mouth, so light and crispy with a ton of flavor!! I ordered the three meat combo with Pulled pork, Brisket and Baby Back ribs, my sides were the beans and the Mac-N-Cheese. Brisket was super moist and tender as was the pulled pork, Baby Backs fell right off the bone but didn't taste over done at all. Beans were good, not over powering as some Q places can make them, they are simple and good. Mac n cheese was creamy and super cheesy, didn't finish them because I was stuffed to the gills by then!!  The little donuts at the end of the meal are so good, I wanted to take a bucket of them with me! Service was great as well, Jason was my server and he did an epic job as I never went without iced tea, food was out quick and he was the one that talked me into the Q rolls. If I lived here I would be a regular for sure!"
"Awesome place, I highly recommend this place, this is the best barbeque I had in Arizona, hands down. Its alright in my book!!"
Bobby Q is a great choice for dining in Phoenix...great all around menu and great atmosphere...super busy place so it's not a bad idea to get reservations...we waited at the bar and had drinks on a Friday night as it was super packed...the bag of doughnuts they give you on the way out is a nice touch...
"The food was delicious!  We came into town for the weekend and figured we would give this place a try because of all of the positive reviews. Two of us shared the Whole Hog and even after eating a lot of food we still had left overs. 
The brisket was probably the best I have ever had. Super tender and flavorful. 
The St. Louis and Baby Back ribs were both delicious as was the pulled pork. 
The Mac and Cheese was good but the beans left a little to be desired. 
Overall very happy with the food and the little donut at the end was a nice little bonus."
"What an awesome experience. Had such a wonderful dinner tonight here. Had a minor incident (really was not a big deal!) and all night we were joking with the server about it because we thought it was the funniest thing. At some point he must have relayed this to the manager (it really was not a big deal at all!!) who walked over and comped our entire meal. In turn we left a huge tip to the server because he worked hard and deserved it. Thank you to the female manager that was on duty tonight, you went above and beyond the call of duty. Your kindness was uncalled for and you really went the extra mile to take care of us. It really was not necessary but still very much appreciated.!! This is the kind of positive experience you never forget. We will continue to visit!"
"The pulled pork was absolutely wonderful.  It was delicious.  I had the mac 'n' cheese and ranch beans with it.  The mac 'n' cheese was good but heavy.  I thought the ranch beans were going to be like baked beans but they weren't.  They weren't sweet like baked beans; they had a thinner red sauce on them and the flavor didn't work for me.

The cornbread was ok.  The pieces looked like muffin tops.  It was good, but I've had better.  

We went here for dinner at 7:30 on a Thursday.  It was loud and really crowded - too loud to comfortably converse with the two people I was dining with."
"Amazing place to go! 
The food is fantastic and the bar is even better. 
The restaurant is such a family atmosphere I loved it! Not to mention the whole area just felt just right! 
The services there are so great it's worth going."
"I have been here several times now and this is hands down the best BBQ I have ever eaten in my life! The meat is SO tender and delicious and the sides are heavenly.  Any appetizer is amazing- I love the Q Rolls!  Basically, you have to go here to understand!"
"It was close to the hotel so we dropped in. Great surprise.  We sat at the bar and had great service.  Don't miss the Q rolls, baby back ribs, or the outstanding beer selection. Shout out to San Tan Brewery for the delicious Pale Ale. Please stop in and check out the best ""little"" BBQ joint in Phoenix"
Wow. The lines scared me but the wait was worth it. Fantastic food. Every item outstanding. Service outstanding. Very few places serve ribs line this. The St. Louis ribs peeled of the bone.  The smoke was perfect.
"Absolutely delicious! The platters can feed two, their house salad (usually basic) had bacon and cheese on it, the patio was awesome, and free donuts Togo!"
"Went to Bobby Q on 7/5/2015 after seeing them on the morning news. Ordered the Whole Hog Heaven platter with Baby Back, and St Louis style ribs, Brisket, and Pulled Pork. Food looks good but that is about it. There was no smoke flavor. Brisket tasted like pot roast with BBQ Sauce. The rub on the ribs tasted good along with the regular sauce but that was about it. Food tasted like it was cooked in an oven then finished on a grill/smoker where the smoke did not penetrate the food."
"The bbq here is pretty good, but that has been documented well by others. My favorite thing on the menu is actually the fried chicken. It's a HUGE boneless breast that is breaded in a yummy coating and although it is fried, it is not a big greasy blob. It comes with two sides, but they suggest one be the mashed potatoes and gravy. The mash is really quite good. There is a hint of spice in there that is unexpected and nice.  My only gripe is that they serve the gravy on top of the fried chicken and I have never understood why you would drench something crispy in anything that is going to eventually turn everything to a gooey mess.  The flavor is great. Just put it on the side.

The free donuts are a nice touch, but nothing special, so save the calories and get the banana pie/pudding thing. The crust is made of crushed nuts, which is then topped with a substantial layer of bannana pudding. All of this is then topped with carmelized bananas and drizzled in carmel. YUMMO!!

And if you like their macaroni and cheese (which IMHO) is heavenly cheesy goodness, skip it as a side and order a quart to go instead.  You will get about 8 to 10 side servings for around $6.50 and that is a HUGE savings over the sides price.

Put your walking shoes on for the hike you will need to burn off the calories and just know going in that you have to through your diet out the window for one good meal."
"Great service and the manager actually stopped by
Get the steaks and ribs 
I haven't had better"
"Food good, service good.   Annoying that there is a huge sign on the side of the building that has a giant spelling error. ""Catering for every occassion""


Spelling errors show lack of attention to detail. 
Other than that, great restaurant."
"First time to Bobby Q and we loved it. Brodie was our waiter and he was perfectly attentive without being intrusive. The doughnuts at the end of the meal were heavenly!  Thanks, Bobby Q."
"A must go to place when in town. Best BBQ EVER!

The service is great and this is a great place for groups. Especially when getting the hog heaven. 

Brisket, sausage, chicken, corn bread."
"I love their Sunday special--they certainly don't hold back on the meat part (you get chicken, ribs, brisket and pulled pork); but they skimp on the sides.  This is the second time we've had sides that do not even come close to filling the containers--the mac and cheese was short at leas an inch from the top.  We had four of us and each got a tablespoon (and a little one at that).  I even told the gal who took the order to make sure the side containers were full; but I guess she didn't.  The next time, I'm going to open the containers while I'm there and make sure they don't fall short."
Best pulled pork ever and Bobby even stopped by our table to check on us!  Will be returning the next time I am in Phoenix.
If I want to have the same food with the same quality and ambiance in SF it would cost me 100+. The bill came as 40 something total! highly recommended!
"10/12/14
This used to be a Bobby McGees, which the waitress will probably tell you its your first time there.  The BBQ is some of the best I have ever had in my entire life!  Little speedy, but  not unreasonable & well worth it, if you are taking someone out for a nice dinner, you will be sure to please!   

They have outdoor and indoor seating, and a dance club setting.  It still retains some of its vibe from when it was Bobby McGee's, just modern.   To be honest, this change in format was the best thing that happened to Bobby McGees, because it was starting to feel stuck in the 1970s.  Bobby Q's is just plain awesome.

I highly recommend them!

Update 12/31/17

My review still stands, but be aware that I have noticed since my last review that the crime activity in the surrounding area has become remarkably worse."
"The brisk was tender and juicy. The cornbread was sweet and the baked potato was cooked perfectly. The service from Sara Hendricks was stellar. By far, the best bbq joint I have been to in a long time."
"Awesome BBQ, good ambiance and great service. One of the best happy hours also... Love this place."
"Great barbeque! Came her on my birthday in July and Jack was our server. This was the best barbeque I've had in Phoenix, so far. Service was EXCELLENT (thanks Jack) Happy Hour was great, too. (Stayed for dinner after happy hour) Had the Baby Back ribs and chicken. Both were cooked perfect. You can't go wrong coming here if you're looking for good barbecue. Also, It gets busy after 6pm, so if you don't want to wait get there by 6."
"In an effort to cure our weekend blues - the hubby devised a new plan.  Instead of staring @ each other all weekend we alternate weekends and plan something for us to do.  Budget of $100.   No complaining!   

This was his weekend.  I'm one of those wives that loves a surprise/hates a surprise.  With that in mind I had great anxiety over the adventure ahead of me.  We start off with major construction going on our off ramp.  So we got a little side tracked and wound up going through some stranger parts of Phoenix.  I couldn't imagine a restaurant here so I was really starting to wonder what he had planned.  Then all of a sudden closer to the freeway there it is.  The most glorious signage I had ever seen.  Bobby Q's.  Fantastic.  He's gonna feed me and then the night will really begin. 

We head into the restaurant and everything is so cute.  It helped so much that tonight we could finally WANT to eat outdoors if we wanted to.  It's so much cooler.  We were told that it would be about five minutes.  We turned around, sat down and then our names were called.  Not bad.  I immediately notice the comfy little love seats and some of the tables.  We were not lucky enough to grab one of them but next time I tell you, my butt will be in one of them, or outside.  Tiffany came over and explained everything.  Which was great.  I love when wait staff knows their shit.  As a diet coke fanatic I will gladly let it pass that the competition is served in their restaurant.  I oped for the peach iced tea and had four more glasses after that.  At $1.75 how can you beat that.  And its not artificial tasting at all.  This was good.  Hubby had a beer that was specifically made for the restaurant.  BBQ Amber.  Good.  Went well with the meat.  Tiffany (who in my opinion is the epitome of what a wait person should be) immediately brought us some corn bread (to hold us over) and it was so good.  So GOOD.  I frosted mine like a mini cake with that butter and was all over it.  YUM.  When we put our drink order in we put an order for the Q-rolls in.  Before I was done with my first glass of iced tea - the appy was out. Think a smaller version of a taquito with beef brisket inside.  So awesome.  Good, just good!  I ordered the three meat combo (go big or go home) chicken, brisket and baby back ribs.  Chose mashed potatoes and corn as my sides.  Done and done.  Pic to follow.  I picked up a rib and it looked like the flintstone quarry.  Clean.  Not a lick of meat on it.  Where was the meat?  Oh on my plate.  It slid right off.  Not a touch of fat anywhere on it.  Melted on my mouth and was so good I was having trouble sharing.  The brisket was phenomenal.  The chicken with a touch of the spicy bbq sauce was run out on to the freeway and play good.  DELISH!  Do you get what I'm telling you here?  Hubby's meal was just as good.  Mac and cheese was great.  The corn.  O EM GEE the corn.  The little corn coins.  So cute and so damn good.  More peach iced tea.  At some point hubby used the term ""meat mayonaisse"" to describe the ribs.   He says that the fat on the ribs (which was minimal) melted in his mouth.  

The manager came over to check on us and what a doll she is.  I'm so mad that we didn't get her name.  Dear Manager - thank you again for the delish meal, the unexpected treat after and the great time we had on our date.  We will bring everyone we know there, we will suggest to everyone that they go there.  It was a real treat.  

To summarize - great place, great drinks, great service, great food, great manager, great dessert.  It will be our go to restaurant."
"We were here earlier during this last MLB Spring Training, and didn't have reservations. It was too late to wait the one hour plus wait time. This time I planned ahead using OpenTable. After a long drive from Orange County, we arrive just in time for our 7:30 appointment. Our waitress Christin was awesome allowing us to sample things, so we knew exactly what we wanted to order. My wife and I had the Hog Heaven plate for 2 (or more!)... Baby back and St Louis ribs, beef brisket and chicken, and we even got to try the sausage. The meat was falling off the bone and was tender as could be. They didn't over do the barbecue sauce either. The cornbread muffins were tasty. The manager Barron was amazing as well... Thank you for comping the mudd pie to celebrate our son's birthday. We were constantly attended to. They definitely won over a customer for life. I will certainly be coming back next spring training."
"We were traveling through Phoenix on Father's Day and I was trying to find something great for my dad. Yelp led me to Bobby Q as it was close to my hotel. The hour and a half wait time given made us question for a minute but we decided to stay. Best choice ever! Only waited about 20 minutes and had one of the most amazing meals ever. Although they were packed, the service was great! In fact we decided to come back a week later on our way back home. We made a reservation this time but didn't really need it at 5:30 on a Monday evening. Food was still remarkable, Ashlynn was a wonderful server, and we cannot wait to go back again on our next trip through town. We had prime rib both times, corn, baked potato, Mac and cheese, and the Q rolls which are sooooo good!"
Beast BBQ place in town. Very consistent quality and service. Couldn't ask for anything else.
Everybody's food was great and the waiter was very nice the service is awesome and I love how they give the little doughnuts at the end ! Great place to eat .
"Coming from LOs Angeles I really wanted to try some AZ BBQ. The place was very nice resembling Lucilles Bbq. We ordered the  hog heaven, and easily shared amongst 3 of us. It was very moist, and delicious I enjoyed the meat entrees very much. What I didn't care for was the Mac n cheese it was a little too velvetta for my taste. It resembled the Mac n cheese from KFC. The coleslaw was delicious as well as the baked beans. I would probably eat here again but keep in mind for peeps from Los Angeles it's comparable to claim jumper IMO. But the service was A+++ and family friendly atmosphere. But this is coming from a person who frequents Bludso's BBQ in Compton so I feel like I have higher standards. Lol but definetely worth a try."
"Went out on a date Friday night, again he picked the place, and it was a non-chain place, which scored him some points, but Bobby Q's gives the feeling a chain place, I have never been and I never knew about the Bobby McGee's that used to be there, I'm not from Arizona, and wasn't around during that time.   

After I went to Bobby Q's I actually looked at some the reviews from fellow yelpers and man I am sorry I missed out on the roasted corn, I am going to have to try that next time I go!  Our server's Melissa was a good, but she got tractable, like we made bets to see how long it would take before she came back to our table to check on us, it was about every 10 mins. Now don't get me wrong I love good service, but there is a difference between being pushy and good.

Like I have said before, Im a visual person and when I saw on the drink menu that yummy looking drink called Strawberry Qlada, I knew I had to get that, when it came to the table, it was just as beautiful in person, pinks, red, white, pineapple & cherry garish, it was a delish drink!

The round corn breads were a sweet surprise! I love me some cornbread! And with the whipped butter, what could be better, other than drowning them in hot bowl of chili! 

I ordered the 8oz center cut top sirloin with mac & cheese, ranch beans & mushrooms & onions for my steak!   I had asked Melissa if she liked the mac & cheese and she is it was the bestselling item on the menu, oh that's good, but that didn't answer my question lol but I wound up ordering them anyways, and they were good, but it wasn't great! Yes it's made with 5 different cheese, its creamy and it's like eating velveeta mac n cheese, not my fav but if that's your thing, then it's up your alley! The ranch beans were good, it was little peppery and sweet, which is a great combo for me!  The steak was the perfect amount for me! It was cooked to perfection, it was tender and tasty! The mushrooms and onions were sauted just right, not too soft not to hard!   

Had I read reviews I would have known at the end of the meal they give us some sweet donuts! How cool is that! Any places that offers sweet little donuts is alright with me!"
"The best BBQ in this town !! the babyback ribs fall of the bone! steaks are freaking great because they use walnut and mesquite to cook the meat with, The Ribs & Brisket are smoked for nearly 20 hours. I have yet to have a bad meal at any of the locations. They Have veggie burgers at the 32nd St location ! The servers and staff just treat me special"
Best BBQ I have had in my life. Took my wife and four kids there and all of us loved it! Great service and amazing food. Will be back!!!
Love this place from the smoke house burger to the watermelon Margarita!  Will definitely be back.
BBQ here is amazing! Our family of 4 (kids are teens) had plenty of food with the Hog Heaven. Baby back ribs are falling off the bone. Brisket and pulled pork were flavorful and tender.
"Went to this establishment to celebrate my graduation. The food was amazing. We made reservations, so we didn't have to wait in line. The food came out quick.

I'm from CA, but if I come back to AZ for any reason, I would eat here because of Destiny. Her service exceeded my expectations tremendously and made my celebration very special."
Exceptionally well. Best steak I've had in a really long time. Great service and great food!! Server was a kind gentleman that was very persistent.
"The Bobby Q staff is serious about customer service. This is one of the warmest and friendliest restaurants you could hope to find, with -exceptional- bbq. I've had better sausage, but the brisket here, smoked for 18 hrs, is astounding. Our waitress suggested the local Bobby Q amber craft, and while I was skeptical and figuring it would be meh, it turned out to be a perfect compliment to the food. I can't wait to try some steaks and ribs!"
The most amazing BBQ I have ever had. Our server Samuel did an amazing job.  I Cannot wait till this opens in Mesa.
"Visiting from out of town but very pleased with our choice.  Service was really top notch.  Great server, food out in 5 min, and tender meat.  The manager came by also to check on us with a great smile and attitude.

And the cornbread is to die for. Creative tasty craft cocktails."
They have the best macaroni and cheese around! Usually I'm not too crazy of Mac n cheese but I could eat this for days. Its creamy and cheesy and has little bits of crisp baked parts. It's delicious.. A must try. Ribs were delicious and the mini donuts at the end were a cute touch.
"Oh man, Yelp did not disappoint me during a weekend trip to the Phoenix area with this place. First of all, they warm you up with free cornbread whilst you decide on what kind of grilled flesh you'd like to consume; it's served with a side of butter but TOTALLY not needed...the cornbread is warm, soft, and buttery as it is. 

On to the main stuff - promove if there's just two of you dining would be the Whole Hog Heaven deal for $38: pick from two meats off of a list of four (the ladyfriend and I picked the beef brisket and sausage), two rib selections out of three (we rolled with the beef ribs and St. Louis-style), and three sides from their list (went with grilled veggies, mac and cheese, and shoestring fries). The brisket had that wonderful, beefy flavor - tender and moist on this particular occasion. Sausage was sausage; nothing spectacular. The beef ribs were good; they were decently sized and definitely meaty. However, we enjoyed the St. Louis-style ribs; these too weren't the pinnacle of ribdom, but these were also tender and delicious. As for the sides: grilled veggies - good, wish we had more; shoestring fries - they were fries; mac and cheese - too cheesy.

Why five stars? Great service, great deal for the amount of food we got, and, as many have noted, WARM DONUTS BEFORE YOU LEAVE. We didn't know about that part until we passed on dessert and received the check. If you feed me a good meal for a good price and give me a fresh treat at the end...well, you're a winner in my book."
This is my favorite place to eat in Phoenix! I love the rotisserie chicken and mashed potatoes.
"This is my third time here, the food and service has always been great.  Every visit, the manager makes it a point to swing by to see how they can improve their service. Great place!"
Stuffed our faces! Love this place! Great food! Our waiter Hal was awesome!!!  We walked away stuffed!!! The experience was made even better because of the great experience Hal gave us just by being the great waiter he is!!!
"I'll be very honest in saying, ""I'm not sure if I should be reviewing this establishment"". I say this because I'm not big on Barbecue, I'm not the rib or the brisket eater, so this review is based on the overall opinion of everyone in my party. Let's start with my Southern Fried Chicken, for me it was a bit disappointing, mainly because I didn't realize that it was going to be a boneless chicken breast (I blame myself for failure to pay attention to the menu description), it was very well cooked & seasoned, but just okay. I especially enjoyed the cornbread as did everyone at our table, so I do recommend the cornbread. The grill corn was good, but tasted a little like can corn. The Rib eaters absolutely loved their ribs and the brisket eaters had mixed emotions"
"Whoa.  Fantastic BBQ.  Out of the numerous places I've been to, Texas and all, Bobby Q wins numero uno at this point.

It's really hard to find good brisket.  Bobby Q has GREAT brisket...the best I've ever had.  And yes, even better than the places I've been to in Texas.  The BBQ overall was better than what I've had in Texas.  

We ordered a 3 meat combo platter with ribs, sausage, and brisket.  Our sides included pecan cole slaw and mac n cheese.  The cole slaw wasn't very tasty or flavorful.  The mac n cheese was cheesy, creamy, and yum.  We also ordered a side of veggies to make us feel better about our meal.  Haha.  

It was busy but we were able to get a table right away.  Service was decent.  Parking gets a little packed but you'll find a space somewhere.  

 Oh, and at the end of the meal...you get fresh donuts sprinkled in cinnamon sugar FTW!  Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  (Yes, that's my Hunter Pence chant.)  

Bobby Q is doing everything right and I'm so glad I got to try it.  Gives me another reason to come back and visit Phoenix!"
"Took my wife last night for her Birthday to try some place different and we were pleased! Being from the south (Georgia) I feel the ""BBQ""...and this was actually very well done. We ordered everything meat -wise we could and would come back and feel comfortable ordering anything on the menu! Service was perfect, waitress did not hover over us and we certainly did not feel rushed. We will be back, thx Bobby Q!"
The best BBQ ever! Great atmosphere and amazing food. Highly recommended!
"OMG!!!  This place has THE BEST BBQ I have ever tasted and my husband and I eat a lot of BBQ!  We had the Q Rolls for an appetizer and they were different than anything we ever had but were good!  For dinner we ordered the Whole Hog Heaven plate which consisted (our choice) of beef ribs, spare ribs and double brisket and let me tell you, cooked to perfection, smoked to perfection and after 1-2 days left overs, still bomb.com!!!  However I did not care for the beans or mashed potatoes.  Not very tasty but the Mac n cheese was good and very creamy!  I highly recommend this place.  I live in So Cal and would make a special trip out to Az for this place!"
"By far the best BBQ brisket I have ever had. To begin, the staff welcoming us was super friendly then the waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, top sirloin. And brisket. Everything was fantastic except the sirloin...it had an amazing smoke flavor and was cooked to my preference however, the texture was very chewy. We told our waitress just so she knew however, she brought out her Manager Laura who was absolutely amazing. They brought out their kitchen manager Jack who gave us the grand tour in the kitchen. He showed us the smoker and explained the process of how everythijng was ran. When we arrived back to our table a brand new plate with an exact replica of my meal was sitting there. The new steak texture was amazing with the same great flavor. I'm positive it was just a bad cut and they went over and beyond to make sure we were pleased. It was a great experience and we can't wait to go back and taste everything. Thanks Bobby Q"
"I've had Bobby Q's 3 times now. It is so dang good! I love love love their barbeque sauce. One day I had the truly awesome experience of eating their takeout, family style. I got to try the brisket, the ribs, the chicken, corn, corn bread,  and pecan cole slaw, which were all equally mmmmm!!!!"
Food excellent smoke house burger is my favorite sides of sweet potato fries & or macaroni & cheese save ur cholesterol counting for another day or place. Cheese cake for dessert
"Amazing food and service.  Stacy was our server and the best server I've had in a long time (I travel and eat out quite a lot). She guided us through the menu and was extremenly knowledgeable and friendly. To be honest, I had low expectations for a BBQ place but Stacy wowed us. I ordered the prime rib and baby back ribs for myself since I couldn't decide. It was the best decision I made.  The special sauce was delicious and Stacy gave a little bit of their original and spicy sauce. Everyone at the table was extremenly happy with dinner. We will definitely go there again if we come back to Phoenix!"
"This place was OK. I was surprised about the overwhelming amount of positive reviews, so I had to check it out for myself. I'm not from the South but I know when great food is great, and this place is good, but not great. The St. Louis ribs are better than the baby backs, which are a little too sweet. The mac and cheese was nothing to write home about -- it almost tasted from the box, but not as orange in color. Two friends who had the beef brisket said it was OK but too mushy. I got the peach cobbler, which was mediocre (and seemed like it had been microwaved hot). It's a far way to go for OK bbq, in my opinion. 

Most of us at the meal thought this place was fairly expensive as BBQ joints go. It was $17 for a two-meat sampler, and apps were about $7-8."
"Back in the 70's this was THE spot to go before/after prim when it was Bobby McGee's Conglomeration.  Waiters in costume, bathtub salad bar and the best disco !  We loved it then, took our son when he turned 17 (13 years ago) and the place always had a soft spot in our hearts.  Then it changed with the times and became Bobby Q's BBQ.  The hubby and I had to try it after all our times there in high school, college and beyond.  We were very pleasantly surprised at the change and delighted with the food!  The BBQ us terrific and shows how their slow cooking technique pays off.  I love the fries and the salads are good too.  A nice stiff cocktail arrives when ordered and the service is mighty good.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are HUGE!  The crowning jewel are the hot little biscuit dough donuts like Mom used to make with cinnamon and sugar; served in a paper bag.  A great family spot with rich history."
"Good BBQ, Service was great and atmosphere was wonderful! I wasn't impressed with the cole slaw that a lot of reviews raved about... But the little donuts they give you when you leave were yummy! Kind of has a weird entrance, but over all we enjoyed our date night here."
Don't come in parties of 7 I had to wait an hour while parties of 3 to 4 were being seated ahead. If they can seat small parties put tables together obvious solution.
"came to bobby q's and split the lunch platter with a friend. we got the brisket, ribs, BBQ chicken and mac & cheese and added a side of mashed potatoes. i appreciated that they split everything for us in the kitchen and then sent out our order on separate plates at no extra cost; nice touch! everything was freaking DELICIOUS and i highly recommend the brisket. my only sort of issue was that the side we added was $4 and it wasn't a large portion at all. BUT for $10 a person including tip, we were able to try a couple different things and leave full but not too full so i'll call that a win. i will definitely be back to try dinner and to sit on their gorgeous patio when phoenix doesn't feel like the surface of the sun. it also looked like they had a good HH!"
I'm in the service industry and am pretty critical on service but this place not only had great food but the service to match. I normally just write a review and move on but it was so good I actually went searching for bad reviews because it's simply mind boggling anyone could write something negative. First timer but I'll be back! Thanks Bobby Q!
"First off,  I like this place.  Food's good.  Service too.  They have a policy there where the manager is required to visit your table.  That's fine,  just don't interrupt conversations at the table like what happened when I was there this weekend.  Yeah, it's your job, I get it but I was MID SENTENCE when I was interrupted by a manager to ask if everything was all right.  I lied and said, ""yes"" but I should have said, ""Yeah, everything was fine until you thought it was okay to interrupt me while I was talking.""  Do your job, yes!!  Just learn some damn manners."
"Had the pulled pork, brisket and ribs. Their meat is slow smoked so it's very tender and very good. Nice atmosphere and great service also!"
"Bobby-Q's is a western family-friendly restaurant that serves a variety of barbeque goodness but they are mostly famous for their steak and their BBQ ribs. The restaurant has subdued lighting with lots of activity of people enjoying themselves with friendly servers. You have the choice of enjoying the bar setting, the dance club as well as sitting down and enjoying the amazing food. Bobby-Q has a well-designed menu that is easy to understand with reasonable prices for their amazing food."
"MEH. 
The hubs and I took a few friends here on Saturday night. They were JAM PACKED but sat us in the estimated 20 minute wait they gave us. 

Our waitress was good and quick, though she didn't come back for a loooong time at the end and we all were ready to just go. But they were busy, So I understand. 

My 3 star review is on the salad I got (I know right, who gets a salad at a BBQ place, this dummy does) I got the Avocado Club Salad with Brisket. For Avocado being the first descriptive word i was expecting a TON of avocado in this salad, I was soooo excited for all the avocado I would be consuming, unfortunately there were maybe 5 or 6 very very veryyy small pieces of avocado in the whole salad (trust me I searched that salad bowl over) not even a half of an avocado...so maybe just call t the Cobb salad and be done with it? The brisket was cold and salty. The ranch dressing was extremely watery. 

HOWEVEr the little corn cakes they bring you in the beginning were HEAVEN and the fresh made donuts at the end will drop you to your knees they are so amazing!!!"
Absolutely amazing!!!!!!!!!! I will be back on a weekly basis for that pulled pork sandwich
"The food and service here are great! I'm from Tennessee and we're really serious about our BBQ, but this is some of the best I've ever had. The beef brisket is crazy good. Plus you get free mini cinnamon sugar doughnuts with the check."
"The nicest staff you'll ever meet, great food and real southwest atmosphere!
You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Ribs (full rack), Steak and Cajun Shrimp a must! Start off with the onion block and then enjoy some cornbread as well prior to your entree.
The portions are large and the side dishes (2) come with each entree. So be careful how much you order- maybe one entree and some apps.
Sit inside or outside and use Open Table for no waiting! 

A win win for all the family!!!"
"Absolutely delicious St Louis style ribs, corn bread patties, home style corn, shoestring fries, and prime rib that my husband and I shared. The BBQ is definitely one of the best we've had in Arizona and it's definitely worth taking a drive out to. The only reason that I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating was because our waitress was terrible she might've been having a bad day because she was really sweet but she completely forgot my drink and my husband's shrimp and fries with his meal after being reminded. When they finally brought it out the shrimp tasted off like plastic almost. Everyone has off days but that's just unacceptable. Other than the waitresses slip ups we absolutely loved our experience and would definitely come back! Great atmosphere"
"Great service & lunch was amazing.  Ordered baked potato with all the fixin's (it was amazing) and the bartender made me tasty lemon drops.
 will go back again and again"
"Food was great.  We really enjoyed the brisket... It melted in your mouth.  Our waitress, Shay was the best!"
"Me and my crew of 4 went here after a Cardinals game.

Pros:
-Large space
-Nice servers
-Huge selection menu, good enough to split between 2-3 people
-Sporty, had the games on
-Tasty sauces 

Cons:
-We were stuffed after just a few bites
-Very Very far!
-Mac and Cheese was underwhelming

I would only try Bobby Q again if were in the area but will not make a point to drive from the East Valley."
"Came here for lunch.  We got the Q-rolls and people aren't kidding - they were delicious.  I had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese.  Everything was really good.  My husband had ribs and brisket and scarfed them down.  I was really stunned by the prices though - really high in my opinion.  Food was good, service was good, but it was pricy enough to prevent me from returning on a regular basis.  Entrees ranged from $17-40."
Good Q and great sides but the portions are really small for the price.  $9 for a pulled pork sandwich that was only about 4 bites. I got a 3 meat combo that should have filled me but had to ask for more cornbread to get full.
"This place was amazing! My husband & I were visiting from out of town. This restaurant was next to our hotel. The sign outside said ""voted best in U.S."" which peaked our interest. We love BBQ! We asked the front desk clerk about it & she said it was so good that she would recommend that we make a reservation because it was always so busy. We made our reservation & got there 15 minutes early & were seated by our reservation time. Everyone was extremely friendly! Our server, Justin, was polite & attentive. We ordered the giant platter that came with 4 choices of meat, a half pound each, & 3 sides. We ended up with the brisket, pulled pork, beef ribs & St. Louis ribs. Our sides were potato salad, pecan coleslaw & vegetables. Everything was delicious! My favorite was the brisket. The pulled pork literally melted in our mouths! The ribs were good but not the best I've had. The sides were delicious as well. The ambiance was very rustic & causal, just my kind of place! Prices were reasonable for what we got. The platter, a beer & glass of wine came to $66 after tax AND we had leftovers. Next time we visit Phoenix we will definitely be going back!"
"BEST BRISKET IN ARIZONA.  I am a BBQ fanatic and extremely picky. Had the best from Texas to California, and have been let down by Arizona until I found this place. Only been going a year, I have my own Weber Smoky Mountain smoker and rarely eat BBQ out of the house.  This place, I can honestly say, makes better brisket than i am capable of at home no matter what I try.  Brine, inject, mop...nothing seems to hold a candle to Bobby Q.  Have an onion brick, Brisket and Doughnut holes and SMILE!"
"Baby back ribs were tasty, coleslaw was crunchy but not too soggy, mac and cheese was creamy and flavorful. Girlfriend's ""Perfect Burger"" was okay, but the fries were very good. The outdoor seating area was cool, and our server was friendly. Pricing was fair. I'd say give it a try!"
"Good Food.  I had the smoasted chicken. Smoked and roasted.  It was good.  My son's had ribs and ribeye.  All the food was cooked to our liking. Everything tasted great.  The restaurant was clean, noisy, cool decore.  We had an excellent meal in which someone else treated us to.  This place is just a little out of my budget especially feeding my boys who alway spring for the ribs and steaks."
"All you need to know is... PULLED PORK!!! It is seriously one of the best pulled pork I've ever had! I'm from California and we are blessed with Phil's BBQ and my sister and I prefer Bobby Q over Phil's BBQ!

What We Ordered
- Beef Brisket with Mac and Cheese and Mashed Potatoes
- 2 Meat Combo: Pulled Pork and Beef Brisket with Mac and Cheese and Mashed Potatoes
- Steak Sandwich with Shoestring Fries
- Catfish Po Boy Sandwich with Roasted Corn

The complimentary corn bread was good! Very moist! The beef brisket was good! The meat was tender but I felt that I needed to add the bbq sauce for it to taste better. The Mac and Cheese was super duper cheesy!! I loved it!! The Mashed Potatoes were really good as well! Super buttery and smooth.

The Pulled Pork (not pictured because my sister was sitting too far) was AMAZING. It was good by itself or with the bbq sauce! I really wished I ordered this instead, like I originally planned. Luckily, my sister let me sample some of hers. :) My Mom enjoyed her catfish po boy. She's really picky so that's telling you something lol. My Sister and Mom loved the roasted corn! 

The only bad dish was the Steak Sandwich but I don't know if that's because my Dad ordered it medium well. He said it was too chewy and had no flavor. His shoestring fries were really, really salty and soggy! He was very upset, to say the least lol.

They give you little sugar donuts, (Thank Q's), at the end of the meal! They were so cuteeee! They were just average tasting but I enjoyed the fact that they were free! I will come back for the Pulled Pork!"
"This will be short and sweet. Love this place! We went whole hog, there will be awesome leftovers. Service was great, manager stored by to check. Loving this. Devil's Ale to boot. I'll be back!"
"Had dinner there last night for a group of 7.  All of our entrees were great. Ribs, ribeye steak, brisket and all the sides were delicious. Stacy was our server and she was awesome!"
First timer it was amazing ! GREAT service very nice manager visited our table most of all wonderful food ! Portions very big and filling I was surprised. The food tasted very well cooked and real. Table of five and the wait wasn't long at all got seated right when We walked in server was with us in less than 5 minutes. All the servers were very attentive as well as polite. Always made sure empty plates were cleared off table drinks were full and made sure we were satisfied. Me and my family have no complaints! The set up was very nice as well the outside lights and set up were beautiful! Definitely going back !
"They got a dress code, a free drink signup, and some good ass drink deals. People seemed pretty cool and the drink girls are super sexy! :) ill be back some time or another."
Looking for mouthwatering BBQ or steaks? This is the place to go. Consistently amazing food and service.
"Mark,
You asked what the favorite food was - I think my personal favorite was the veggies, believe it or not!  lol

Everything truly was awesome, and thanks so much for it all...   Did I mention that they also provided plates and plasticware!"
I was so disappointed. This was not the first time they put in the small beef rib in this meal namely jumbo texas beef rib. This meal cost $27 before tax which was supposed to contain 4 jumbo beef ribs. But they put in this small size of beef rib which caused the dish was not value for money that we paid. This is not the first time. I will stop buying from this restaurant.
"From the moment you park your car and step  out there is magic in the air. It is almost a foreshadowing of things to come inside.  And when you finally do reach your  seat  your mouth will water and your  stomach will rumble because everything you've  heard is true. There food is that good.
  As far as restaurants go, Bobby Q has the look of an old industrial factory with a touch of western thrown in. The interior is a combination of wood, steel, glass, concrete, exposed pipes, ducts, and wires. At first it may  look like everything was thrown randomly together, but everything fits in a modern organic way. The overall  effect is entertaining. Your eye drifts from one area  of the  room to the  next.
  Now  the food. For lunch I had their combination platter consisting of the ribs, brisket, and chicken. And as expected, the food looked good. It smelled good. And it tasted even better.  It was hot. It was  tender. It was tastey. But what suprised me the most was the chicken. It held it's  own against against the ribs and mighty brisket.
  For more info check out their  website. Or better yet, just go."
We had a wonderful experience here good food good service really delicious bbq ribs and the little donuts in the brown bag were delicious. Would go back. Really good food won't be disappointed.
"We had the ""whole hog"". With back ribs, beef ribs pulled pork and brisket.  Simply the best.  I am always is search of the best BBQ and I think we found it last night.  Some pretty cool cocktails as well."
"I'd definitely recommend making a reservation, as this place is always packed! The food and customer service here are consistently amazing though, and well worth the few seconds it takes to call ahead. It's a date night treat that we always look forward to!"
"I thought, silly name, can't be serious barbecue, but this is good!

Meats are slow smoked, and arrive hot, smoky and juicy with a choice of sides and hot or mild sauce.  For a starter we had some Q-rolls, kind of a BBQ brisket taquito, with chipotle sauce.  Good start.  Beef ribs and pork ribs were tender and easily pulled off the bone.  Brisket and pulled pork were as tender as could be, with a nice pink smoke ring, evidence of slow smoking.  Excellent Mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.  Beer is plentiful and cold, service quick and attentive, and (bonus) a check in discount for Yelpers when we visited.  This is now on my list for future visits to Phoenix."
"I occasionally enjoy BBQ but it needs to have a great smokey flavor, good BBQ sauce, and not a lot of fat incorporated into the meat. Bobby Q delivers! It looks like a dive bar on the outside but the inside has a very nice atmosphere. The tables are spacious, it's very clean, and they play good country music :) Even better, our waitress provided exceptional service.  I had the beef brisket sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese. The beef brisket was so tender that it falls apart and the mac and cheese was an indulgence that was worth the calories! I enjoyed the spicy BBQ sauce on top of my sandwich. It has a nice kick but isn't too spicy that it takes away from the flavor of the brisket. My husband had a combo rib plate (baby back ribs & St. Louis ribs) which he enjoyed a lot. He liked the St. Louis ribs a bit more than the baby backs because they were meatier and not as marbled as he had expected. He also loved the mac & cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes. Would definitely recommend this restaurant."
"Amazing food and service. Our waiter Travis was phenomenal!!! He was attentive, recommendation was spot on, finished with a cinnamon donut treat!!!"
"We usually prefer to cook our own bbq at home to avoid rubbery meats, but needed a quick place to take a family member for birthday dinner.  We were pleasantly surprised at the delicious food here.  The service was so accommodating and all of the dishes were fantastic. The brisket was tender, the corn bread was moist, and the little donuts at the end were a delicious, unexpected treat.  We will definitely be back for more!"
Love love love. Gone here for many years. Love th3 jumbo baked potato. The donuts are to die for.
"Another great dining experience.  Hunter & Taylor took good care of our table.  Good app recommendation, we went with the Q rolls, I could have eaten them all for my meal, but shared.

We all had different entrees/ sides; we all enjoyed our choices. I recommend any of their entres, but you must try the pecan Cole slaw.  It is soooo good,creamy sweet with crisp fresh slaw with fresh pecans.  Give it a try.   The cornbread is awesome and they will give you some homemade sugar doughnuts on your way out.  

Looking forward to our next visit."
"Omg! This is a must for BBQ!
First of all ,I want to thank tommy, Dylan and manager Joanna for exceptional service and attentiveness in making our first visit memorable .
I've tried a lot of BBQ and wherever I travel I try to eat local BBQ . I usually can eat a whole slab myself and still have room for more , but not the case here.
We ordered the prime rib brisket with Mac and cheese and shoestring potatoes  and the full slab of St. Louis ribs with Mac and cheese with shoestring potatoes . We were also offered corn bread  free of charge. The brisket melts in your mouth and is so moist and tender I'm drooling right now. Most briskets ive tried get dry and chewy but not here . The ribs had the right char on the outside but the meat falls off the bone with the right smokiness and moist flavor. It was so meaty and filling I only ate 1/2 the slab. The Mac and cheese is very cheesy and filling and the shoestrings were addicting.
Asking for a doggy bag, tommy and Dylan added additional cornbread ,xtra BBQ sauce and a bag of fresh cinnamon donuts! Great experience and I'm going back again ! I usually ask for sauce on the side when eating meats to fully enjoy the flavor of the meat Do not drown meat in sauce"
This chain is our favorite barbecue restaurant in Phoenix. The food is consistently very good.  Our waiter was very good and they offer a few cinnamon donuts to take with you for your sweet tooth. We think their wine is overpriced however. We ordered a house Cabernet and was shocked that it was $16 a glass when we got the bill!!!  Do not order wine!
"We were driving by Phoenix and stopped by for a quick dinner. Two of us shared the Saint Louis ribs and the brisket, with coleslaw, Mac and cheese, grilled veggies, beans, corn bread, and frozen lemonade. The meat was tasty, and the grilled veggies and corn bread were perfect. I could've done without the Mac n cheese and beans. Travis took great care of us. He checked on us throughout the meal and sent us home with a refill of the frozen lemonade and a sweet donut treat to go. He went above and beyond in service and in creating a fantastic dining experience."
I'm from California and been to many BBQ places and this place is by far the greatest I've seen to date . I am in no way joking . Just to sign in their was a line . But the 55 min wait was well worth it id wait it 3 times for the meal I've received . The meat on the rip steak chicken etc was just top quality and the way it is cooked in wooden ovens just tops it off . You can taste the quality and it really changes the way you look at food. This place man is one of a kind. After the meal I literally texted my brother and told him Lucile's is trash compared to this place. Don't sleep on this place .
"Delicious barbecue, we had 4 meats platter that we split with three people.  The pulled chicken is amazing, the brisket tender and juicy, the ribs succulent and flavorful, best barbecue around.  The sides were delicious as well, mac & cheese was great, mashed potatoes did not disappoint, ranch beans aren't anything special but they tasted good.  

Service was great, waiter was attentive to our needs and accommodated a last minute switch after already putting in the order. Atmosphere is good, not too noisy/quiet, the lighting could be improved though, a single bulb above the table barely allows you to see what you are eating, though the food wasn't there long enough to be seen:)

Highly recommended to someone looking for great barbecue ribs, chicken, brisket, etc."
"I am from Texas and we are supposed to love BBQ. I travel everywhere on business and always enjoy BBQ in cities that claim to be the best. Little did I know that Phoenix, Arizona would have the world-class BBQ. 
Bobby Q could take on all comers. This was simply the best BBQ in the USA.
Dennis Carlat"
"If you have a big appetite you should definitely try this place. Their portion is huge! First, they will treat you with a complimentary cornbread (the best I've ever tasted), then they'll take your order..if usually order their q rolls for appetizer and then 2 ribs ( all three types are good so I'd recommend trying all of them), then they'll have a complimentary dessert for us. I can never finish their food..way too much! Definitely coming back!"
I seriously have never been to a restaurant of this quality before. The steak and ribs were off the charts good and the atmosphere great. The corn tasted so good I really could have made a meal out of just that. The raspberry sangria was delicious. I hope to go to this place again soon!
"Been going to Bobby Q's for years.  Love the lunch atmosphere, and specials.  The Mac 'n Cheese has always ranked at the top of my lists as the very best ever!  The pulled pork and brisket have always been excellent, but this last time I tried something different - a burger!  Yeah, I know, this is a BBQ joint, why would anyone get a burger?

Well, I am glad I did!  Like the Mac 'n Cheese, this burger is now at the top of my list!  It was sooo... damn... good!!!  The ""Perfect"" burger was just that  - perfect!  I ordered the meat medium and that was how it came out. The meat was amazingly tender with incredible flavor. It would be really hard to find better.  Maybe the only burger I've ever had better was at Carver's Steak house where they made my son a Whiskey Peppercorn burger that was not on the menu.  At Bobby Q's, I could only eat 1/2, and the next day my reheat was still amazingly good!

We also tried their beef brisket flour taquitos that were insanely delicious as an appetizer!  Later that evening we went to the Yard House at Westgate and I tried their famous Vampire Tacos - they weren't as good as these beef brisket taquitos at Bobby Q's.  Thumbs up to Bobby Q's.

People love the cornbread here too!  Baked in cast iron, it has an incredible crust.  Still, personally, I liked the Old El Paso BBQ Company's cornbread, but they no longer exist here.

I got to say - I love this place!  Fantatstic food and service that always delivers!!!  We left with about 10 complimentary cinnamon sugar mini donuts they make fresh and hot right there.

Killer deals at Bobby Q's happy hour (3-6) too for their beef brisket tacos!

Go, you simply will not be disappointed!"
"What can I possibly have to say about a place with 1000+ reviews and a 4.5 star rating? Plenty. First of all,  if you're not from the area (like myself) this place may seem deceptive. Its in a bit of a lonely area and can be hard to miss if you're not sure what you're looking for. But once you make it, you will not be disappointed. This place definitely gets 5 stars for its service; everyone from the host, the bartenders, our server and even the manager were super friendly! We were seated very fast, despite being initially told we'd have an 1 hour plus wait (not complaining). Now, let me tell you about the food: AMAZING and food porn worthy! I had the prime rib and BBQ chicken combo with roasted corn, mac and cheese and a baked potato *drool* The prime rib was sooo tender and had a nice smokey taste to it (I wish I had the 14 oz instead of the 8oz). The bbq chicken was great. The roasted corn and mac and cheese, wow. Even our complimentary corn bread was mouthgasmic. Extra stars for the food coming out at lightning speed. OH, we'll be back FOR SURE."
Out here in Arizona for a work trip and found this place on Yelp and it definitely lived up to the reviews. Great food and great service from our Server Kyle! Definitely would recommend
Talk about good ribs or bbq oh my they smoke there meat it tasts so delishious must give it a stop in try once you will be hooked
"Went on Yelp yesterday looking for dinner idea.  Bobby Qs popped up, and sounded good.  Made reservation for 630pm, walked in and seated us immediately.  Server was sweet and prompt.  Tried the Q rolls which were delicious, but the chipotle dip was weak.  We both ordered chicken, and portions were huge!  Two meals each out of both entrees. My only negative comment is their prices for cocktails.  Vodka Paloma was $12!!  Way over priced.... only reason I didn't order a second.  Completely enjoyable evening!"
Food is horrible and there dance night even worse security was doing drugs in the restroom and where offering to sell some worst place
"Our first time here, we decided to stop and have dinner here before heading to the illumination light show and it was delicious!! Definitely will come back again. The food was fresh and very tasty and all American!!!"
"Can anyone say brisket? The brisket is to die for here and the mac and cheese is the best I've ever had in any restaurant.

The brisket is so tender that you can tell its been smoke d 12+ hours. The meat is so tendet it literally melts in your mouth. They actually use cheese in their mac and cheese instead of using a roux. If it wasnt I couldnt tell because it tastes so good. 

Not to even mention about the great service here. They explain their cooking process. They always check on you. I purchased a beer I tried for the first time and didnt like it. The server allowed an exchange for a fimiliar beer. I always get good service and food consistently here. Bobby Q is my BBQ spot whenever I come to visit Phoenix."
"FANTASTIC! Not just the food either. Service was impeccable. The bartender, Jo, took care of us at a booth in the bar during happy hour and was superb. Not only was she incredibly friendly her knowledge of their menu was impressive!

While we sat inside due to the heat they do have a fantastic patio that I'm sure fills up quick during the patio friendly time of year. Inside there is a bar area which includes a few booths as well as a large open area restaurant. 

We shared their brisket quesadilla off of the HH menu. It was very large and quite tasty. Brisket was very tender. They make their own guacamole which is served along side the quesadillla along with salsa and a bbq sour cream.

I had the (award winning) Smokehouse burger and was not disappointed. It was very juicy and had great flavor to it. I'm not usually a fan of barbecue sauce on my burgers but this burger is definitely the exception! I chose the mac and cheese of my side and let me tell you, the best I've ever had! Don't tell my grandma I said that!  I'm talkin stick to your ribs good. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it.

They also give you fresh baked donuts in your way out as a thank you. Warm and delicious, I will definitely be back."
"Yummy yummy yummy BBQ! And their Mac 'n Cheese is the best! Great place to eat with a group, too! 

But I do have one issue; ingredients need to be listed on some of their items, like desserts. I ordered a chocolate item and when it came to the table, they had included walnuts, which I'm allergic to. When I asked about a different chocolate item instead, I was told by the waitress that it had peanuts in it (which I'm not allergic to but I know many others are). They had to throw away my first dessert in the garbage and bring me something else. 

Seems like a waste of money for a business, and a possible lawsuit too if someone went into anaphylactic shock. List the ingredients on the menu, or prompt the servers to ask the customers about food allergies."
"Fantastic! Food, service, atmosphere...everything was great! Big portions, Mac n cheese was great! St. Louis Ribs were extra meaty, brisket tender, catfish crispy, and beef ribs were super tender!! And they serve Sweet Tea! Lemonade comes in a frosted mug either on the rocks or slushy. We had on the rocks and it was perfect."
We travel from Vegas to Phoenix 3-4 times a year and eat here everyday. Food is great and service is OUTSTANDING!! Taylor the manager remembers us every time. He's phenomenal.
"Wow, the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had. I had the coleslaw as my side which was better than any other I can remember.     I've heard that the ribs and brisket are very good too.   Reasonable prices during happy hour.

They have a lounge/bar/dance club attached to the dining room and it was much nicer than I expected.  Our server said Tuesdays are their busiest nights in the lounge/dance club area, (Tuesdays nights WTF?)    Interesting mix of people when I was there on a Wed. night.   Not the Tempe crowd, or Scottsdale crowd, or even the downtown hipster crowd.  It's the METROCENTER crowd which is just a mix of regular city folk."
Mitch was our server. Was a super awesome experience. Recommended just the right amount of food. Favorite was the St. Louis ribs.
"Solid four-star restaurant but not five. The beef brisket was the most flavorful brisket I've had in my entire life; A penetrating yet not overpowering smoky sensation.  The Carolina sauce was a genuine flavorful masterpiece.  It's commonplace for vegetables in barbecue joints to be lackluster, but a four and one half star 800+ review restaurant should be an exception to the rule: it was not. On the more delectable side, we had the Apple cobbler for dessert -nine out of 10."
"Eh, brisket was dry till i soaked it in bbq sauce which was pretty good, if you are going to recommend a dish it should be good not dry and chalky.  Service was good, place was nice, especially the outside patio, shudda had the steak"
"I was so excited to try this - Yelp rarely lets me down - but I was disappointed overall.  

I give kudos to the host and waitress; both were very friendly, chatty, approachable.  My server gave me some background on the restaurant and made helpful suggestions.  I have high expectations when it comes to barbeque - juicy, lean brisket with a nice smoke ring, smoky chicken in a thick, tangy sauce, and the sides need to be out of this world.  

Based on a recommendation, I ordered the two meat combo, brisket and pulled rotisserie chicken.  For sides I got the corn and a baked potato (not a traditional barbeque joint side necessarily, but it sounded good).  The brisket was soft, chewy, fatty - way too much so for my taste.  I was enjoying the chicken until I encountered a bone - that was the end of the chicken for me.  The corn was very tasty, and oh yeah - the cornbread - that was the best part of the meal!   In my opinion, the baked potato had been pulled from the oven about fifteen minutes too soon - it had yet to reach that fluffy potato interior that is so desirable about baked potatoes.  

I sat outside; they have a lovely covered patio with various seating options and the ambiance was nice (if you don't mind birds flying around, very close to you).  Overall though, I can't get excited about this place and can't say that I would go back."
"BEST BBQ I HAVE EVER A HAD!!!! Well technically it's in the top 30 BBQ places in ALL OF AMERICA according to Ann our fabulous waitress. I would be surprised if they weren't actually top 10 to be honest. The restaurant has this cute rustic feel to it (perfect date night spot ) and all the employees are great. Ann was so amazing we ordered a dish to share and she had it prepared on two separate plates for us. Not only that, everything we asked for she had ready almost instantaneously, if not before we even asked! Talk about great service!! Also while we were eating, the manager came around to check in with us. You can tell that everyone here takes pride in the quality of their food and if I didn't live half way across the country you can bet I would be a regular"
"Atmosphere is wonderful, service is great (people are so nice), and the food....the food is delicious. I tried all the meats and they are all so tender and tasty. Decent selection of mixed drinks and beer too-overall, you will not be disappointed."
"We stopped at Bobby Q st the end of girls' weekend, and I'm so glad we did!  Travis m, our server, was awesome! His recommendations were right on, and he was really friendly and attentive.

The food is amazing! I had the jumbo BBQ baked potato with beef brisket, and it was delicious. I almost couldn't eat the entire serving, but I did! The brisket was moist and tasty, perfectly done, three bbq sauces were available as well.

For dessert, we got some free hot cinnamon donuts to take home--so make sure to save a little room. The prices are great, too."
"Great place, great service and great food!! I shared the sampler plate it was very good!"
Exceptional food and atmosphere we will come again bbq and smoke flavor great the prime rib was the best . We sat in the patio loved it.
"This was my first time going to bobby q's tonight with my gf and I will never be back again. Upon arrival the door was covered by two guys whom were both ridiculously rude. They looked at me wearing a pair of fitted jeans and said they were too baggy. As I said before my jeans were fitted! I'm not a high fashion person but I do have a pretty good idea of trends and My style is probably above the normal clientele.The fake ass bouncer at the door had baggier jeans then me and also let others with baggier jeans then me in. Mind you I was only there to spend time with my girlfriend and her sister who was in town, so I would never consider going to a low class dump on my own. At that point it became clear why I wasn't allowed to enter, was due to me being a young black man. I called the bouncer and manager out on it and they couldn't even look me in the eye when I called them out. I'm not someone who goes around pulling the race card bc I've definitely had to work my way up in the world and career wise , where I'm the single person of color in the room. This was down right bigotry exercised at the expense of what was supposed to be a nice evening with family and friends . I will say i did use some foul language which was simply reflective of how I was treated. I hope the owner would address this matter (clearly mgmt is not apt to)as the big board of rules they had up front was clearly targeting of one culture/race of people. I work to hard to earn my money and then be disrespected by two a-holes who couldn't even look me in the eye. Give me an answer!"
Their food is amazing. The Q lounge is awesome. I'd definitely recommend this place for dinner or a good night out!
"First off, I want to say how amazing the food is here! I have never ordered something I didn't like. My favorite item would have to be the Hot wings appetizer. I love the sauce they use! 
Secondly, the staff has always been attentive and made sure my night was well taken care of and that I always had something to drink.
Lastly, I had incident happen tonight that was handled so wonderfully! The manager made sure I came out of there with a smile on my face by having the meal paid by them. At first, the incident had me so mad but once the manager spoke so kind to me, my anger went right away! I never had someone care so much at any restaurant.

I will undoubtedly be a forver returning customer!

If you enjoy great atmosphere, food, and staff, go to Bobby Qs! You definitely wont regret it!

Thank you to all that made my dinner date amazing!


A very pleased customer."
"My fiance and I loved our meal here: we would say overall 4.5 but rounded up. Our server Zac was fabulous! He did not miss a beat. Loved the cornbread. The fiance loved the Q-rolls but they weren't my jam. We shared the 3 meats combo. They were out of sausage so we split the brisket, pork (my favorite), and ribs (his favorite).  It was so nice of them to provide us with 2 plates with all of the meats split so we could sample everything. I also tried the mango margarita which was fabulous and the perfect bite and sweetness. I loved the creaminess of the mac but the fiance wasn't too impressed. Shoestings delivered but were nothing special. Overall, I was very happy and we left with leftovers. The churro spiced light donuts were also fabulous. I just love the feel of this place."
"I'm giving Bobby Q an extra star in this update to my previous review, because although it has its share of hits and misses, it is, in fact, as good as it gets in Phoenix for great barbecue. I love barbecue. It is a hobby of mine. When I get stuck on something and want to know what it should look and taste like, I go to Bobby Q and am almost never disappointed. Most recently, this happened with beef brisket. I'm going to upload a picture I took of Bobby Q's brisket because seriously, if you look at it and don't want to immediately die from desire, then you just don't like barbecue. If I had anything bad at all to say about Bobby Q, it would be that sometimes their meats can be slightly overdone but this is not the norm. Their quality control, considering how much food they must serve to keep up with the demand, is astounding.  Their prices are too high, but of course, you're paying for the almost Disney-esque atmosphere. Their sauce is absolutely delicious (although it should be noted: they don't understand what ""spicy"" means). All in all I really can't say enough good things about this place. Go look at my brisket photo. Seriously."
"This place is really awesome ! My buddy and I were here for the first time today. I wasn't too sure about it at first but the service here is GREAT! 

I had their pork baby back ribs with mash potatoes and beans.. If you like ribs you have to try these ribs they were really really good! (Ask for a side of the BBQ source) 

Our server was on point with everything super friendly! I give her a 10 :) 

We also got 10% off our bill for checking in using the yelp app so make sure you do that for the discount ;)"
"Took the family out for BBQ. We decided on Bobby Q's. 
First visit, Really great food.and super service, we arrived and the BBQ smoke smell just tells you it's gonna be good.
We had a party of  6 adults and 4 kids. Everybody got, just what they wanted, prime rib, rib combos, bugers and catfish. the food was terrific. That alone was worth the trip from Chandler.
The service was the best I can ever remember, the waiter Cody was like Houdini. He would show up before you even thought of what you needed, very personable and made sure everybody got exactly what they wanted and kept the drinks  full all meal. This guy was a super star, and I'm really a grump if my glass is empty.
He made a great meal a fantastic meal. The corn bread was a real kid pleaser and the  mac & cheese disappeared as fast as it arrived. 
We are planning to be back soon with some friends and hope Cody is working.
Well Done... Well Done!"
"After a 6 hour drive I was ready for some BBQ and yelp directed me to this spot a few miles from my hotel. I am somewhat critical when it comes to BBQ, having spent 8 years working for a Knoxville based company and then 2 years working for a Dallas based company, it is hard to beat those areas for pulled pork, baby back ribs and brisket respectively. 

I was pleased by most of what I ordered here at Bobby Q. The pulled pork was tasty, the sauce was agreeably flavorful, the baby backs were flavorful, although perhaps a little too tender, I did not have to pick them up to eat them, the meat fell off the bone. They were probably boiled to get this preparation, but they were yummy either way. The potato salad was exactly the kind I like in my BBQ joints. The mac and cheese side was just ok, not bad, but not the best thing on the plate. 

Overall it was a good meal for  BBQ west of the Mississippi and I would go again if in the area. Service was attentive, and the place itself was quite a nice spot to eat. Recommended."
I try to have something different each time we go and I have not had anything I didn't like. This food is smoked perfectly and tastes amazing! My family tells each other about going here and it's an expectation when they visit. Yum!!!!
"I came when they closed but they were very courteous, patient and nice in explaining the offerings there and made me a really good dinner to go. The food was amazing. Fresh and tasty. Nice people working there."
"I really wanted to like this place. My husband has been wanting to go for a while, and we finally went tonight.

Let's start with the positives (I'll apologize in advance for jumping around). We ordered the calamari appetizer ($12.50); we both enjoyed it. Hubby had the three meat combo dinner ($26) with pulled pork, beef ribs, and chicken. It came with 2 sides, he chose baked potato & beans. He liked it all and the few bites he shared, I liked too. I ordered the 10 oz prime rib dinner($26). It came with 2 sides. I wanted a side salad, so I got one side and $3 up charge for the salad (which she told me up front & I was fine with). The blue cheese dressing is great. Some of the lettuce was brown though, so that was a little off-putting. The prime was just so-so & I would not order it again. 

Now for the rest of the not-so-great part of our dining experience. It is rare that hubby and I get to go out alone together these days, so we were really looking forward to having a nice dinner out. Our server was a little over-zealous at first. It was our first time there so we were taking our time going over the menu. We ordered the calamari appetizer and asked for a few more minutes, again. She brought 4 warm pieces of cornbread to the table. She comes back a couple minutes later & this is where one thing that really bothered me, happens. I have my little plate in front of me and as I'm about to put a piece of cornbread on it, she takes it, puts it on a dirty plate from someone else's table - as I was saying, ""oh, I was still using that"", and she says, ""oh here, you can have it back"" and set it back down in front of me! I said, ""no, you can take it"". She didn't even offer to bring me another one. Now, I've been a server before & even when I was inexperienced, I would have NEVER done any of that. Very unprofessional. 

When we placed our order (this was right before the plate incident) things came out in timely fashion, but then it was almost like she disappeared. I didn't like the mashed potatoes, something tasted a bit off - like they used milk that wasn't good or something. It wasn't until I was about finished with my prime that she came back to check on us. I asked for a baked potato instead, and she was back in a flash with one. 

So overall, hubby was satisfied with his food. Me, not so much. Service, lacking. And, for probably the worst part of it all...about half hour into dinner the lounge area starts playing heavy club music. Not only is it competing with the country they have playing in the restaurant, but you can feel & hear the bass so much that it literally made us feel so irritated that we decided to take the rest of our food home. It was not a good dining experience for us. We probably won't be going back."
Awesome Barbeque. The chicken was so tender. The grilled vegetable were cooked perfectly. The corn was served off the husk and was so sweet. But the best part was Carmella. She made me feel like I was in own living room eating an perfect dinner. Ask for her she'll make your night.
"I am beginning to think that the reason I love barbecue restaurants so much is the fact that I ALWAYS get two meals out of one visit.  That figures out, on average, to about 7-8 bucks a meal, and you can't really beat that for great food!

The husband and I decided to go here on Friday night, and the place was busy, but not so busy that we were able to be immediately seated.  Our service was fantastic.  I'm beginning to think that restaurants are recognizing our faces from our pictures because this was beyond good service.  Our server was super quick and very sweet.  Our food came out impossibly fast too.

The food was delicious.  I ordered the brisket platter, of course, and it was super yummy.  I got a big fat helping of tender brisket and two sides.  I chose the pecan cole slaw and the mac and cheese.  We also got cornbread with our meals.  The cornbread is really yummy, but strangely shaped into little disks.  The cole slaw was very good, with a great sweet flavor that was enhanced by the crunch of the pecans.  The mac and cheese was literally rib-stickin good.  It was the super thick and creamy kind that makes me weak in the knees.  The barbecue sauce served on the meat is fairly minimal, but they bring you plenty of extra so you don't have to worry.  

I would definitely come back here.  I loved the food, the service and the atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend this for good sit down service BBQ."
"What a great day for lunch. This place is on point. From the corn bread to the little doughnuts out the door. Wow they know ribs, pulled pork, and steaks. Even the Mac and cheese was top notch. Loaded baked was over the top also.  Simply a most go.  The server"
"My friend Kate M. had mentioned that she had wanted to have lunch here sometime.  Today, the stars aligned and we (wife and son) drove down here to meet Kate and her husband for a late lunch.  This place has always piqued my interest, and honestly, I'm not sure why I never had lunch/dinner here before.  We drove down and met them at 2pm.

Kate and her husband were already there and grabbed us a table and high chair for our son Bill.  They had ordered Some Q-Rolls (basically an egg roll stuffed with smoked brisket) and some drinks already and offered me up a Q-Roll.  These things were good!  They serve them with chipotle and a bbq sauce.  I could definitely see myself eating a whole order of these things.  

I had read some reviews of this place and it sounded like most people enjoyed the ribs.  Who doesn't like ribs?  I decided to go with the 2 Rib Combo (St. Louis and baby back) which came with 2 sides.  I chose ranch beans and french fries for my sides.  Had a Diet Pepsi to drink.  My wife ordered a brisket sandwich and some mac and cheese for her side.  Pretty much ordered the fries and mac and cheese for our son.  You will have to read Kates review about what she and her husband ordered ;-).  Before they bring out your food, they give you a basket of cornbread.  This stuff was great!  I ate 2 pieces of it and could have ate more.  Anyways....on to the main dishes.  Here is how everything was...............

Rib Combo-  Delicious!  These ribs were so tender they fell off the bone.  I know some BBQ purists will say that ribs should not fall off the bone, but I don't give a shit...these ribs were delicious!  I ate the baby backs first.  They were awesome!  They came covered in minimal sauce so the meat really stood out.  I dug straight in with my hands and would just pick pieces of meat off the bone and savor every bite.  They were delicious and I can see why so many people order them here.  After the baby backs, I got into the St. Louis style ribs.  These were not as good as the baby backs, but they were still pretty damn tasty.  They were cooked so well, that even up at the cartilage portion, there was minimal of it and you could pick through and get every single little morsel of meat.  All that was left on the plate was pretty much bones and a few pieces of cartilage.  These ribs were 5 star ribs!

Sides-  This is where I was a little let down.  I love, love, love some good beans.  I prefer some baked beans, lots of sauce, cooked well done so they are thick, and lots of scraps of meat throughout.  These beans had some meat in them, but they were ""ranch style"" beans and just alright....a little runny.  The sauce was good enough to hold them together, but I have had much better beans elsewhere and would not get these again.  The portion was skimp too!  It was like 5 spoonfuls worth.  The fries were really thin shoestring fries.  They were pretty good.  My son loved them...he loves pretty much any french fry.  They are his favorite food, by far!  The problem with really thin shoestring fries is that they tend to get hard/cold fast.  They were still pretty good though and I would get them as a side again.  Really big portion of them, too!

My wife gave me a piece of her brisket from her sandwich.  It was legit.  She thought that her brisket sandwich was a little bit too plain/boring though.  The side of mac and cheese was good.  Really cheesy, Velveeta type mac and cheese.  Decent portion size too.  Not sure why the beans were such a skimp portion.  Everything else was hooked up!  Oh yeah..when you are done with your meal they provide you with some free mini donuts.  A bit skimp (3 tiny donuts for 3 people), but free so I can't complain.  They tasted like a lemon pound cake, deep fried and then rolled in sugar.  I could mow down a dozen!  They were delicious!  I just wish they maybe gave you 3 per person...then we would be talking!

Service was great!  They had multiple people servicing our table throughout the whole meal and everyone was on point!  I think even the manager came by to ask how everything was.  Conversation was great, too.  It was the first time Kate and her husband met my wife and son.  A good time was had by all!

Will I be back?  Yes, at some point for sure.  The ribs were absolutely fantastic, and with the right choice of sides, this is a damn fine BBQ meal and a potential 5 star joint!  It wasn't the cheapest lunch ($63.00 after tax/tip), but for my first time here, the amount of food,  and the people I was with, it was worth it!   I'm sure I will be back before too long."
"Let's start this review out by making it clear that I am a ""smoker"".  In other words, I have my own rig, and I know how to use it.   My husband and I shared a ""whole hog"" meal.  St. Louis Ribs, Beef Ribs, Sausage and Brisket.  Of all of these meats, the only one that we didn't care for was the brisket.  Something was off and very mushy about it.  Brisket should be able to be pulled apart with your fingers, not completely fall apart like baby food.  For the sides we had baked potato, beans, and pecan coleslaw.  These were also great.

The atmosphere is somewhat contemporary, and very comfortable.  The service rocked!   It's no Mom and Pop place, but a great effort on their part for sure."
"I love the ambience of this place, there's always something to look at. The barbecue is amazing as well as the macaroni and cheese. I have had many items on this menu but always come back for the brisket. The brisket is very tender and has a great smoky flavor. It goes well with either the loaded mashed potatoes, loaded baked potato, or and in my opinion the best cheesiest homemade macaroni and cheese I have ever had.I would definitely recommend to anyone and will be going back soon."
"Delicious! They live up to the hype as nationally ranked bbq. Ribs, fried chicken, sides and cornbread were all amazing. Service was attentive and friendly. Place was hopping but wait was very short even without reservation. Must try when in the area!"
"I give it 1 star for its BBQ. My wife and just happen to see a sign saying Bobby Q has the best BBQ in the country. Here is another example of over priced and over rated BBQ!! Not only are they NOT the best BBQ in the country! They are not even the best in Phoenix! I am not sure who they paid for that rating, but they got ripped off. If you are going to say you are the best in the country. you better be the best! And Bobby Q doesn't even come close I am sorry to say. But I will say the rest of the menu is good and the service is awesome!"
"Bobby Q is an awesome place. The environment is amazing - and the bartender Billy was incredible. The food here is top notche'. The people in here were incredibly nice and engaging and when ever I come back to this area I will be back. Lastly, when checking in on yelp, you'll get 10% off your bill."
We went to celebrate birthdays and this place does not disappoint. One couple had the Whole Hog..ribs falling off the bone..brisket moist n tender with a smoky flavor. Prime ribs for others..cooked perfectly and a mouth watering filet that you almost didnt need a knife for. Generous helpings on the sides. Deserts..tried three and only one couple ate all of theirs..the mud pie. Attentive staff and the manager checked on us three times. We cant wait for the east side location to open. We drove from Queen Creek. Well worth it.
"Outstanding barbecue!  We came with a party of 8 (including 4 crazy teens) and all of us were very pleased with our dinners. Among us we had ribs, pulled pork, grilled salmon, hamburgers and more. Before the meal they brought us these amazing corn bread biscuits, and after the meal they brought these little deep fried cinnamon doughnuts.   Everything was superb. Great atmosphere.  Great service. You can't go wrong."
Love it!!!!!!!!! Gotta have the aged steak!!!!!! Love it love it love it love it is this enough words to post? Nikole is an awesome server!!!!!!
"Maybe the single worst brisket I have had in my life. Cooked to mush. I have never been in any BBQ place before that would serve that rather than say they are out. I am actually embarrassed for them. 

Nice bartender who cannot mix a drink. 

All around a bummer. Had high hopes when I walked in."
"The food is good but not cheap.  Phoenix location with Paradise Valley prices!  But if you like BBQ just forget the price, pretend you are in North Scottsdale, and pig out."
"Amazing every time we go.  Ribs are flavored just right and they are fall off the bone, just like they claim.  Cornbread is just right --- just a little sweet.  And the sides are just as good.  I always get the mashed potatoes or Mac n' Cheese.  Yummyness.  What I appreciate the most is that the food comes out hot every time and the waitstaff are always very friendly."
"Dropped by during a road trip after finding this place on yelp. Our family of 5 (all adults) ordered 1 hog heaven ($44) which included 2 ribs (we chose St. Louis and baby back),  2 meats (chose sausage and brisket), 3 sides (chose veggies, corn, and fries), and corn bread.

Pros:
- great service. Drinks were refilled before we even came close to running out and food was served within 10 minutes of ordering. The manager also came by to see how we liked it.
- open decently late (10 PM)
- Meat was FANTASTIC. Fall off the bone tender; no knife needed.
- Sauce on the meats were delicious. The perfect degree of sweet and not at all sour.
- CORNBREAD. Best I've had. Good enough to be a dessert.

Cons:
- the complimentary cinnamon doughnuts were an awesome touch at the end that I was really looking forward to; unfortunately ours came a bit stale. But because we were late diners (10 pm) and everything else was so great, I won't hold that against them."
"So, the bf and I are in Phoenix for the weekend and looking for a good steakhouse.  All I'm able to find is a Lone Star, Black Angus, and Outback Steakhouse.  Boo.  I notice the Bobby Q off the I-17 and look it up on Yelp.  Pretty good reviews, and they serve steak!  So off we go.

What we ordered:
Strawberry Qlada & Mudslide on the Rocks
Q-Rolls
Wedge Salad
Ribeye Steak (with cole slaw and potato salad)
Prime Rib with Shrimp Chimichurri (with roasted corn and ranch beans)

My Strawberry Qlada was delicious (I like the coconut on the rim of the glass), but the mudslide was missing an ingredient (easily fixed).  The Q-Rolls weren't anything spectacular, but they did taste good.  We shared the wedge salad, which they split it for us and I was thankful!  It was enough as a starter, and it was also very good.  

The ribeye was amazing!  When it arrived, the bf asked for steak sauce, but after taking a bite of the steak, he decided that the steak sauce was not necessary.  It was so juicy and flavorful, I was a little disappointed I didn't order it for myself.  However, my prime rib was also juicy (not as thick a cut as Lawry's, but pretty good anyway!) and the shrimp was also nice addition.  The sides were all very good, but I loved my roasted corn the best!  

I realized there were two things missing from our dinners after we left the restaurant.  The ribeye should have come with cornbread and the prime rib should have come with a jumbo baked potato.  I don't think I could have eaten the potato, but I would have liked to have tasted that cornbread.

Our server, Smitty, was EXCELLENT.  He was friendly and attentive, and he made sure we were well taken care of.  He definitely made our overall dining experience a positive one.

We'll definitely come back again."
"Service: nice and very accommodating. This place is busy but they're organized. 

Food: so much to choose from. I got smoked brisket, Mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes. We started with Q rolls too. Great!! Brisket is tender. Get the spicy bbq sauce!

Environment/ambiance: very busy. We sat outside. It was so nice. It's pretty loud because it's so busy. 

Parking: lot, spacious."
"I've worked in the restaurant business for seventeen years.  I just moved to Glendale, and went out with my family to a local place with great reviews.  The food and service didn't disappoint.  Both were excellent.  Sabrina was awesome, especially with my 7 year old niece.  Will definitely be coming back!"
Good Good service Ribs were amazing  Mac n cheese was good great sides are sever Alicia was super sweet
"We have been here a couple of times now. Everytime we drive into Phoenix for fun or just picking up friends from the airport my husband and I make it a mission to bring them here. From the outside it looks a little shaggyish kind of a place,but the inside decor is very nice. We have yet to be disappointed or else we wouldn't keep coming back. I've had pretty much all the style of ribs and whatever the flavor they're all falling of the bone. The rotisserie chicken is excellent not to mention there corn bread mmm, we always ask for extra corn bread to go and just toast it a little the next day with some butter and holy goodness all over again."
"I'm newish to Phoenix,it's my random visit to this place being the closet place for me I've choose this but thoroughly enjoyed the service and I had south chicken which is amazing."
"I am going to begin this by saying this may be the best BBQ I have EVER eaten.  No joke.  I had the smoked beef brisket and my two sides were mac and cheese, and shoestring fries.  They even had sweet iced tea which for me is a must for any respectable BBQ restaurant, the sweet tea was also great.

The brisket was cooked perfectly and the flavor was amazing, you could tell it was cooked properly over the hickory wood.  I've had Texas style brisket at about a dozen popular places in Houston and only one small place called Gatlin's comes close to the brisket at Bobby-Q.  The bbq sauce also had a good flavor, the mac was very cheesy and the fries were perfect for dipping in the original bbq sauce.  What else can I say about this place?...it was great.  I almost went here two nights in a row during my trip to Phoenix, went to Pizza Bianco on the second night and was not impressed.  I wish I would have gone to Bobby-Q the second night, I would have tried the sliced BBQ pork."
"GREAT BBQ place in Phoenix...my colleagues and I went here one evening for some dinner and everyone had nothing but nice things to say about them!  I ordered the hot links with coleslaw, and mac and cheese and everything was absolutely delicious and bursting with flavor.  The hot links were awesome, full of spice and a large enough portion to feed two people, I'd say.  The sides were good portions as well and plenty for one person.  I would definitely return during my next visit to Phoenix.  Thank you Bobby Q's!"
"Oh my mouth-watering BBQ goodness. Ignore the sketchy neighborhood and 30 minute wait, because the meal is worth it! 
My boyfriend's favorite food is BBQ-anything so I left the ordering up to him (and the choice was easy): Whole Hog Heaven - 4 meat choices plus 3 sides. Settling on St. Louis and Baby Back Ribs, BBQ Chicken, and Brisket, with sides of mac & cheese, coleslaw, and beans - he was as giddy as a kid on Christmas. I was pretty hungry too - and I had to admit the smell of BBQ wafting through the back kitchen door had my taste buds excited. The meal did not disappoint to say the least. The ribs were literally falling off the bone, the chicken was cooked perfectly, and the brisket was melt-in-your-mouth tender. All 3 sides were the perfect addition, however I do have to say that the coleslaw was my favorite, especially paired with the brisket. 
What sent us over the edge of BBQ heaven were the extra special additions before and after the meal. To start us off - homemade, warm cornbread with whipped butter. To finish us off - complimentary mini donuts (yes, you heard me right).
Erg I would give 5 stars, but there was a hoard of drunken girls taking over the bathroom (there is a club attached to the restaurant?) that I found fairly annoying. Oh well.
Highly recommended and we will be going back!"
"I would give the waiters 3 stars and the hostesses 2 stars ... but the food is too good to complain and rate this place any lower than 5 stars. I LOVE their cornbread and free donuts! It has a cool setup - a little more space would be nice though. The wait is always way too long and I always find myself shoulder to shoulder with other people. You have to squeeze past chairs just to get through and squeeze through people just to get to the hostess stand. Pretty annoying, but the food is worth it."
"Recently voted one of the top 100 barbecue places on yelp, this is a must visit if you're in the Phoenix area.

The backyard patio is beautifully lit, has a really cool waterfall, and there are mister machines on the ceiling which help on those really hot Phoenix summer days.

Their food was excellent! I had the big potato with brisket on top and a side of sweet potato fries. It was amazing! This we potato fries are seasoned with a hint of cinnamon which makes him quite... sweet. It was the perfect amount of food. The chipotle ranch sauce that came with the sweet potato fries had a zesty finish.

I would definitely come back!"
"We found this place by accident, a very happy accident. The wait staff are very friendly and accommodating. The waitress we had was super friendly and helpful, she brought us samples of things we had questions about, etc. You receive a complimentary sweet cornbread circle for a starter, very tasty. The entree options are well rounded, there is something for everyone. The portions are huge, so be prepared! And at the end of the meal you are given a complementary mini donut covered in sugar. A great experience!"
"Great atmosphere, great service, great food! I love BBQ and I very impressed... I would highly recommend Bobby Q!"
"My husband had introduced me to this place and asked me ""Hun, wanna go try out this place called Bobby Q?"" and me, what? you mean ""BBQ"" and he says ""No, its called Bobby Q"" and were going back and forth with the correction of the name he's getting irritated with me and I'm getting irritated with him of his spelling! But, as we pull up and I see the sign it literally is called ""Bobby Q"" I got gonged!"" hahahahaha and apologized! 

This is the first place that I really enjoyed having some delicous BBQ style dishes. I've had before in Mesa at another place and that was great too because we ate it as family style. But, this is probably one of my favorite places in the valley of having some good ole' BBQ dishes with the macaroni cheese, yummy corn bread, baked bbq beans, coleslaw and their delicious sweet tea, which is something that I haven't really had before but, all was amazing.
I love as we were coming up to the restaurant you can almost smell the slow roasting smell through your car which gets you excited and more hungry as you park. I love the barn look and the atmosphere and everyone in here is so nice!
You really feel like you are in another state and the food it's so picture perfect that my family/friends back home their mouths are dropping because we don't have this back home an if we do, it is not the same.
The q-rolls with the brisket is one of my favorite appetizers to get and I heard it's something new they just added to their menu. I've never was fond of brisket because it always tasted so dry, but, Bobby Q's its amazing. The brisket is so juicy, slow roasted for at least 18-24 hrs daily, and taste of the bbq on it is simply just delicious! All their meats are soon tasty, I don't need to go to one of those fine dining restaurants anymore, I just rather be comfortable and enjoy their combo dishes or the HOG HAVEN and bring home the left overs to salivate later for next days lunch or dinner....

They also have these amazing donuts with cinnamon on it, to me it almost could pass for ""Malasada's"" its a portugese delicatessen desert dish...Same concept! Was soon ono! Happy place- Amazing food, customer service, and ambiance!"
We had beef brisket.  It was overcooked and dry .The sauce had an unusual flavor may be too much vinegar . The beans were cold . Corn bread was also dry and was overcooked . Sr ice was good but I will not go back in the near future
"This is probably one of the best BBQ restraunts I have ever been to date. I have been to many, Rib joints, and I am definitely an eater. Great fall of the bone ribs, and has amazing sauce that accompanies it. We had the Whole Hog Feast, and it was amazing. You MUST get the Baby back ribs - completely fall off the bone. I just got my braces today, and it didn't even hurt my sore mouth eating the ribs! If you're in town, come on down to Bobby-Q!"
We love love love this place. It is truly the best barbecue in the valley ! Just had the ST. Louis ribs this week again and we are never disappointed. The roasted corn is TO DIE for !! We tell everyone about Bobby Q's! (The only thing I would change are the fans hanging from the ceiling. We never sit under a table where the fans are because they look very unstable and like they're going to fall) we frequent as much as we can.
"Caveat Emptor--- If you like REAL BBQ this is not the place for you.  The first clue was that the place slathers it's food in sauce as a rule, not an option.  I have no idea how they can smoke their meats for up to 22 hours without having any noticeable hint of smoke.  And don't tell me that, ""it has a smoke ring so it has to be good""(that's just a natural reaction of nitric oxide).  The brisket was bland, the beef ribs had essentially no meat, the pork ribs had a little flavor, and the pulled pork was downright appalling and stringy and flavorless.  

Sides of grilled vegetables were flavorless and bitter.  The pecan coleslaw was bland, and the pecan part was just a sprinkle of untoasted pecans sprinkled on top, and the ranch beans were very vinegary (a welcome bit of flavor)

I have no idea how this place was voted a best BBQ place in the nation unless it was by a bunch of people that have no tastebuds, in fact, I would rank this as some of the worst I've had in the nation.  

This place needs to up their game, Phoenix has BBQ that is infinitely better and at half the price.  

The service was fine, but the management is a bit overbearing.  When you need to toot your horn about how good you are to every table when they sit, it really shows that you're not that great, greatness speaks for itself.

Bottom line, my family will not return, and will never recommend that anyone else does.

Please search out any small local BBQ pit and get some real food with real flavor."
"Two words: bathroom attendants. My boyfriend went to the bathroom soon after we were seated, and when he came back with those two words on his lips, I just prayed that I wouldn't have to pee over the course of the evening. 

I'm sorry, I just can't. I don't want to tip some snippy, passive aggressively smiling lady a dollar for putting soap in my hands and turning on the faucet. Just don't. Just won't. I'm a big girl, I can snag my own paper towels, and, hey, guess what? If I want to wear perfume, I will put it on before I go out. Thank you. 

I haven't seen any other reviews mentioning the bathroom attendants, so maybe this is just one of my personal neuroses flaring up. Whatever. I don't like bathroom attendants. I understand that the bathrooms are in the club/lounge/bar section of the restaurant, and that bathroom attendants of the ""let me fuss all over your body"" variety are common in more extravagant dining locales and nightclubs, but, come on. This is Bobby-Q. It's not Fuddruckers, but, really. 

Anyway, maybe I'm crazy. Maybe others feel that having someone hold your hand through your journey of using the bathroom and the tasks associated with it is a nice touch. If so, you can add another star to my review.

Separate from my bathroom issues, (which may or may not be legitimate points of consideration or discussion), our experience was okay. I love the way the restaurant looks inside, and the people-watching was supreme. We went on a Friday night, and amidst the large groups of generic older people raucously enjoying themselves were a few gems of true interest. 

Our waitress was sweet, and she tried really hard...oversolicitous, but nice. Similar to what other reviews have mentioned, it did seem like we had one waitress and several servers...everyone was very attentive, and our food came quickly, as did drink refills and bar orders. 

My boyfriend had the prime rib with mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese; I had the grilled jumbo pesto prawns (something like that...they were big. They were shrimp. There was pesto.) with the shoestring fries and roasted corn. Everything was delicious, with the exception of my 6 or 7 shrimp. My boyfriend wolfed down his prime rib, (I have never seen him eat so fast), and chugged through his sides. I loved my sides, too. The roasted corn is absolutely delicious, and I even felt pretty happy to be munching on the shoestring fries, which are usually pretty unremarkable in the best of cases. My shrimp, however, were a total disappointment, because they were totally bland. There was very little flavor...of any kind. Pesto. Barbecue. Seasoning. I could see it on the little guys, but I couldn't taste a lick of it. I ended not eating most of the shrimp, which seemed like a waste but I have a really hard time choking down food that I can't enjoy. 

We want to give it another chance, and go on a weeknight, when it might not be so busy. I will also man up and order something with ""Barbecue"" in the title. Because, you know. It's a barbecue restaurant...maybe that was my mistake."
"This place is the best barbecue I've had in Phoenix so far. For some reason I expected a cafe-style joint given that most places in Arizona are run that way but instead we were greeted with a big, fully decorated roadhouse style building with a huge patio and fancy interior. They even had a separate bar area which I plan to try out soon. I was told it was overpriced and overrated by my in-laws and it was everything but that! We both got a sampler platter which comes with three meat choices, a side, cornbread, and little unexpected fried sugar dough thingers to send you off. I'm usually expecting dried meat and sides that taste like they've been sitting out but everything was perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy. I was even impressed by the corn that had a sweet smokey flavor to it. Only $26 before tax for two people as well. Service was great, energetic, and helpful as well. We took home what little scraps we had and had a midnight snack that reheated well too. I can't wait to come back with friends and family to show them a ""cooler"" version of claim jumpers."
"My family and I were itching to try something new for dinner, and my mother suggested barbecue. We went to azcentral.com and found the reviews for Bobby-Q and decided to give it a whirl. I can tell you, we were not disappointed. The portions were huge (enough for lunch tomorrow) and our waiter, Alonso, was incredibly knowledgeable about not just the food but the history of Bobby-Q as well. When we first saw the prices, they seemed a little steep, but after we saw how much food we got, it was perfect. And, at the end, we got a bag of donuts that are made fresh in-house, and WOW, they were reminiscent of a delicious churro! Overall, it was really superb, and we will definitely be coming back AND recommending it to our friends!"
"I ordered a smokehouse burger with mashed potatoes.  The BBQ sauce is amazing, plain and simple.  It has the perfect amount of sweet and tangy.  It didn't go too well with the thousand island sauce, but that's of little consequence.  The setting is great and the prices are about average.  It's a nice place to go to hang out with friends or with family.  That said, I do have 3 complaints.

1. I ordered my burger medium-rare, and I received medium well.  
2. I felt very rushed to eat.  I was constantly asked if I'm finished.  Do I need a box?  etc.  Yes I know you have a line and I'm only one person, but I would still like to enjoy my meal instead of scarfing it down.
3. This is the worst offense.  I was watching the setting, and I noticed one waitress sneezed into her hand.  At first I thought she was going to go to the restroom to wash it off, but nope.  She turned and started to service another customer.  Yuck."
"Amazing!!!! Best BBQ in AZ I promise you. Meat cooked perfect, sides were great, big portions. I didn't try the dessert because I was so full but it looked yummy.  Staff was super nice as well. A++"
we went to bobby q's a couple of weeks ago. they have amazing bbq! we got the  sampler and enjoyed it very much! we happen to sit right in front of their large chicken rotisserie. they smelled amazing! we will try that next time. we can't wait to go back! amazing food!
Beast BBQ around!  Good food and good service.  We love sharing the variety BBQ platters.
"Great BBQ, comfortable family atmosphere, service was spot-on and friendly (our waitress was Carmella). I visit mom in Phoenix at least once a year.  This place is going on our list of recommended restaurants to share with friends and family. I had the BBQ Brisket dinner with my 2 sides: the pecan cole slaw and beans. Although I usually tend to prefer hot BBQ sauce, I prefer the Carolina sauce - delish!!"
"Short & sweet: First time dining in. Friday night - called ahead; sat quickly! Fantastic service! Amazing brisket and cole slaw. 

Now wishing I had my stretchy pants on!"
Disappointed.  I heard it was good but the brisket was very fatty.  We had a reservation and still had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  Don't think I will hurry back anytime soon.
The food was amazing and the waitress was super nice! I would definitely come back and recommend it to other people!
I been coming here for around 6years.  The food is soooooo good I highly recommend any of their steaks and ribs. The side dishes are bomb and their corn bread and donuts are to keep coming back from them. The place is really nice but I usually do take out. Matias at the take out cashier is great he always make sure the order is right and the everything is in there he also organizes the bag so nothing trips over on the way back home.
"Funky looking place- huge!  Liked it right away, even from the parking lot.  Friday night when we arrived, crowded and a long wait- about 40 minutes.  We ordered appetizers- the rolled ones with BRISKET in them!  Perfect with a cold Blue Moon beer.  Finally, got a table and a cool waiter who brought us warm cornbread- great start!  We ordered baby back ribs, catfish, fried chicken with baked potato, coleslaw (with pecans!) and, my favorite, the creamy mac & cheese.  Fantastic find.  Only wish we'd had room for the cobbler of the day!"
"Eat here all the time!  Favorites include BRISKET!!!

Try the Loaded Potato, Meatloaf Special on Thursdays (a little spicy), BBQ Chicken Sandwich is a great option.  Mashed potato and Mac/Cheese are best sides.

Looking for the lighter side, the Avocado Salad with BBQ Vinagrette is awesome!"
"Good food, I wanna say decent service.. Waiter came by and commenced by greeting us and took our drink order, he didn't come back. Instead another younger kid came over and said ""hi I'll take care of you, the other guy got flustered and is gone""! We didn't ask why or what but you must admit that's a bit weird no? 
Anyway this new waiter kid was good, he did take good care of us in the end :) 
Um the food was ok, good, decent, average.. No negative remarks about the actual food or even the place. I guess the only downfall is that it's located In a ghetto-esque neighborhood. And also they are overpriced. To me they are charging as if they are a fine dining spot, which they are not. It's a casual restaurant in a Not so great location. So yea no.  I might go back for a mai tai one day as That was the highlight of my evening there. Thanks."
"Service left a lot to be desired. Missed a drink on the first round of beverages. Missed the appitizer. We didn't see him until our food arrived and when I asked about our appitizer the light bulb went off. I ordered a 3 meat combo and received 2. When I asked him replied ""oh ya"" and brought me the wrong ribs. He missed 2 side of Mac & Cheese our other guest asked for. The manager did stop by towards the end and said we know we missed the appitizer we will buy you a dessert. At that point we just wanted to leave. The restaurant was hit. And it was clear our server hid most his mistakes from the MOD. $150 meal and there was lots to be desired, It was not worth 1/2 of that."
"The Corn Bread was the BOMB and the the RIBs were even better.
I'm a fan of Tony Roma's RIBs and there is not one here (yet?) in Phoenix, so I tried this place and will be back again. The mashed potatoes were ok. and so was the Mac N Cheese as my 3 year old tore that up. My 8 year old tore up the RIBs and bone almost, lol.
I wouldn't recommend Sunday's though as it was PACKED and took longer than anticipated. So if you're hungry and it's not Sunday, I recommend this place.
The area is NOT my favorite place to be as I used to live literally on the same block (neighborhood) and it's kind of ghetto (IMHO).
Lost 1 star for the Sunday wait and location."
"From a former KC, KS resident...Killer BBQ, try the Q-Rolls, you won't be disappointed.  Baby back and beef ribs are also legit.  Two trips in the last month and I'd go back right now if it was closer"
"Excellent barbecue in Phoenix! Bobby Q is a great place to go for good barbecue in the Valley with authentic meats and extra touches to make everyone happy. They have a funky location off I-17 so you need to exit and drive the frontage road to find the place. Once you arrive, you will not only smell the smoke, but you will enjoy the unique decorations and friendly atmosphere. The restaurant is huge which is good for groups.

The baby back ribs were just amazing. Sweet, smoky goodness falling apart with all the fight long cooked away. They also serve brisket egg rolls, fall apart cornbread, and super cheesy mac and cheese. The Q Rolls were a special treat since the flavor of the meat survives the deep fryer and is a very unique item. The bag of fresh mini doughnuts at the end of the meal is a nice touch and a tasty ride home.

Their location is a little tough if you have to fight traffic on a weeknight, and there is really not much else around. Prices are a bit high, but you are paying for good barbecue. I really like this place and am glad to have it on my trips to Phoenix!"
"So, the boy and I were dissapointed that they were out of the St. Louis AND Baby Back ribs. Bummer. When he then stated that he wanted steak, I acquiesced and ordered the Ribeye to share (even though I really wanted some bbq!) with mashed potatoes and roasted corn. When our food arrived, I was delighted by the tender, flavorful piece of beef. The sides were bountiful and oh so tasty too. I don't know how I managed to get a few tastes of the mac n cheese, cornbread, french fries & the warm doughnuts - but I did. Everything I tried was on point! I think my son enjoyed it too. (He thanked me repeatedly as we walked back to the car for taking him here.) Will mos def make it back to Bobby Q when I'm back in town."
Great food! The wait is worth it. I order the whole hog for my family of 4 and we always walk out with enough food for a meal later.
"We were impressed. Everything tasted absolutely delicious and the atmosphere is great too! The shrimp appetizer was so good we ordered a second! My 9 yr old loved the mac n cheese and said ""when I die I want this place to be heaven.""  The baby back ribs fell off the bone and the mashed potatoes are to die for. Definitely check out Bobby Q's!"
"I thought the ribs were very good. The meat was falling off the bone. The ribs are not dry rub. They are smoked in BBQ sauce so they are not as flavorful as dry rub ribs. We had the roasted veggies which were bland and the roasted corn which was soaked in a pool of butter. The pulled pork sandwich was pretty good. 
Great service and very friendly."
"Jesus. I had heard about this place and seen it while driving on the i17. I finally stopped in and my god.... 

I got the bbq pulled pork sandwich with a side of grilled vegetables. Delicious. Just pure delicious. I got to sample the macaroni, and I must say it does indeed live up to the hype... The creamy, cheesy goodness doesn't disappoint. Even the cornbread with butter was delicious and its complimentary!!

To wash it down I ordered the bobby q amber ale, and it was more than up to the task to compliment my meal. 

If you're on the fence, like bbq, or just want a nice atmosphere do yourself a favor and stop by Bobby Q's. You're going to like what you ate. I guarantee it."
"BBQ yummy!!! I'm from San Diego and I've been to Phil's BBQ and they pretty much go toe to toe. 

I feel like I should've ordered something else cause my chicken sandwich was alright, but everyone else's food was awesome. I tried my table mates food and the meat just fell off the ribs. It was delicious! They also have a spicy BBQ sauce upon request. I'm telling you to request it! Its tasty!

I love that they gave complimentary cornbread during and donuts at the end of your meal. Didn't need to order dessert!

All in all, good experience."
The best BBQ place west of Dallas TX.  Ask for spicy BBQ sauce. If you order roasted corn no or easy butter. Corn bread was good as well.
"Walked in for lunch was greeted and seated immediately.  Server was friendly, polite and attentive.  BBQ sampler was wonderful and the food came out quick despite it being very busy."
"Went here for my 50th birthday and had a very enjoyable night.  I had the Smoked Prime Rib w/Mac and Cheese and Potato Salad.  It had a wonderful flavor and was tender as well.  Perfectly cooked.

The place was just starting to get busy, but it in no way took away from the great service I had.  The place has a fully stocked bar, so I had to have a spicy Bloody Mary.  

I started with the Cajun Shrimp appetizer and the flavor was spot on.  The shrimp were juicy and delicious and it comes with like garlic bread sticks to sop up the wonderful juices in the bowl.  

To top the night off, I was presented with a Brownie Sundae with candle for my birthday!  (Totally unexpected and delicious)  

Only regret was not going back and getting some BBQ to take home with me."
"They usually have pretty good deals for two or more people.
I have been able to try just about everything from chicken to brisket to pulled pork and ribs. I loved it all. The homemade sides are a must.
Mac and cheese-YES! Usually no room for desert. Will definitely return."
"My wife, 10 yo son and I had dinner there last week (at the recommendation of Yelp). Guess what? It's still good! We had a great meal- the ribs were awesome and my kid thought the chicken strips were delish."
Not a place I frequent but found the food and service to be very good! My drink was a little weak. I'd definitely come again!
"Okay this is such a fun and delicious restaurant.  My daughter goes to school in New Orleans so I can't say the food here is like Rebirth in NOLA but it is really good comfort food.  Everything is fun here.  The atmosphere has such a cool and comfortable vibe.  The cornbread was amazing.  When my fried chicken came out it looked dry to me.  I was wrong.  It was so tender and the mashed potatoes and delicious gravy were a perfect complement.  

They have great signature drinks, wonderful artisian beers, and a nice selection of wine.  The sports on the numerous tvs and the country music in the background make the place a riot.  This is a great place for a fun night out and really good food.  You'll love it."
"Wonderful service, family friendly environment, and delicious BBQ. Wish we lived closer to this gem!"
My husband and I have been eating here for years and it is absolutely the best BBQ in town!  We have taken several friends and family there and the staff and management are top notch.  Don't waste your money anywhere else Bobby Q's is the place to go!!!
"I'm from out of town and came in here for lunch and to watch some football on a Sunday. We ordered the Q Rolls to start which were delicious and then out came the cornbread which was amazing! Then my pulled pork sandwich came out with coleslaw. I requested the spicy BBQ sauce and while the taste was great, it literally had no spicy-ness to it. The coleslaw was okay; it didn't really have any flavor. We also ordered the ribs and they were very good. They were meaty and it fell right off the bone. Then as we were leaving we got a to go bag of yummy, cinnamon sugar, mini donuts! I thought that was a really nice touch. I would definitely recommend this place and if I'm ever back in town, I will go back."
"I'm not sure why we haven't been here before but it is fabulous.  Prime rib was done just right and the filet mignon was perfect.  Atmosphere is very fun, and you can make reservations online.  What's not to like!!"
"By far one of the greatest experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. I came here with my girlfriend during lunch. Our server Lexi was phenomenal, she was knowledgable about the menu and made great recommendations. She was very interactive and made sure I was satisfied. The manager Joe stopped by to say hi and ask about our food and experience. Definitely deserves 5 stars. We will be back!"
"Little hard to find off the freeway, but well worth it. Visited for the first time after a spring training game in Peoria. Cool bar, and excellent food and service! Had the Homemade fried chicken and gravey with two sides, delicious! Also had appetizers and few drinks and everything was great. Will be back every year."
Bomb!! Everything is just delicious. My man feel asleep at the table lol. That's how you know it's good
Bobby Q is the best BBQ restaurant in Phoenix. It is always a great meal whether at Lunch or Dinner.  Love those little donuts too!!
"Our server Jessica was awesome and the food is unreal. Ribs are best ever! The corn, potatoes and cornbread are great. Atmosphere is comfortable and prices are reasonable!"
"Bobby Q is to legit to quit!
Having recently spent a few months in Texas and KC, I figured that Bobby Q would not match up or be as good as I remembered.

I was WRONG this place is great! While it's by no means the quality of BBQ, its some of the best I've had outside of Texas and better than many places in Texas.

The Brisket is moist, not as smokey as it should be, but it's tender and full of flavor.
The Mac N Cheese is excellent.
The Corn also kicks A.

AZ is lucky to have a gem like this in their city. Most places around the country can't even get close to this.

Hats off to Bobby Q!"
"I will definitely come back to this place again. I LOVE their BABY BACK ribs. Don't get the St. Louis style ribs unless you're the type that like lots of meat and less fat on your ribs.  Their ribs are juicy and tender. Their Strawberry lemonades are also very tasty. 
Our waitress was so nice and always checking up on us. She was also very helpful in giving tips on which ribs to get. 
I love the free cornbread and the donuts when you leave. :)"
I went to Bobby Q's for a family birthday on Saturday. The food was amazing and the service was excellent as well. I had the 2 meat entree bbq and spare ribs with Mac n chz and mashed potatoes. The meat fell off the bone. My friend doesn't eat pork and she agreed it was delicious! She had fried chicken along with others at the table who all raved about how delicious it was. The birthday boy received a double chocolate dessert and we all had freshly made donuts. They were both delicious. I give this place 5 stars. I wish I could remember the waiters name to give him kudos because you don't receive excellent service as he gave us these days. We showed our appreciation with extra gratuity. Thank you for a nice experience.
This place has some of the best BBQ in phoenix!  The platters are HUGE and the sides are all really good! (the mac and cheese is to die for!) Plus...free to-go donuts for dessert!
"Spectacular.  Burger, Mac n chz, cornbread, fries, brisket, and free fresh mini donuts for dessert.  One of my favorites in Phoenix!"
"Thumbs up, kids! This place puts Arizona on the map for great barbecue. I ordered the three meat sampler-baby back ribs, tri-tip and chicken with ranch beans and veggies. Meat was so tender! And I'm one for Sweet bbq sauce, so I was dancing with each bite! Service matched the great quality food and atmosphere"
Stopped in for lunch on our way to a hotel.  This place has one of the briskets I have ever tasted.  Service was great and everyone who works there is very friendly!
"BBQ is not easy and this place does it right, but it was overpriced. I left full and satisfied, but this is too much of a nightlife atmosphere and they seem to try hard to create that atmosphere, BBQ first, atmosphere second."
First time in Phoenix and saw this place on Yelp.  Didn't really think AZ was known for bbq but decided to give this place a whirl. The bbq was surprisingly yummy.  I had the baby backs and spicy sausage. The bbq wasn't drenched in sauce which is how I like it. Huge portions and very reasonable prices. Their cinnamon sugar donuts at the end of the meal are so addicting!  Friendly staff as well with lots of seating.
"I have literally been here about 15 times or so and this place never disappoints.  In my opinion, this is the best restaurant in Phoenix.  I have tried the baby back ribs and burgers many times and I don't see how it could be any better.  The service is also outstanding and the atmosphere is great.  I would go crazy if Bobby Q ever closes."
"Went here for a date night. My fianc and I were impressed by the decor. Call ahead to get your self on a waitlist! The drinks were great. The food was pretty salty for our taste, even the appetizers. Our waiter recommended the q-rolls, ruined our appetite for dinner and both of us thought it wasn't great as the waiter hyped it up to be.  The ribs and chicken were the best part. Good over all but don't think we would come back, again everything was way too salty! Would be nice if they added healthier sides maybe a collard green or side salad option instead."
Fabulous service and food. A must if you're visiting the area. Get the baby back ribs and brisket. You will not regret it. Finish it off with a slice of Death by Chocolate cake. Very tasty. The house cocktails and lemonade was also very good.
Great catering - easy to work with - Don't skip the Mac & Cheese!
Great service and food. Better than Lucille's in my opinion. I wish we had this in LA!
"Such a fun place for my husband's birthday dinner! We made a reservation, showed up to the restaurant, and were taken to our table in a very timely and welcoming way. I had the prime rib- excellently prepared! My husband had the baby back ribs and loved them. The manager came around and greeted us. Since we were first timers, she brought out a sample of the brisket for us to try. Wow! We'll be ordering that when we return. After talking to us, the manager brought us dessert after finding out we were celebrating a birthday. We definitely felt welcomed, and look forward to returning."
"A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!

Fancy smancy table service
Dark and cool with bar seating
Rotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs. Alex was friendly and rattled off drink specials. Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something. I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal. Now I look around, this is a breaking ground for hooters. Low cut and falling out. Not a fan of that. 
Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bitter bite. Not my type of amber but they tried. 
2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw? What the heck for $18.  
Pulled pork sandwich $10
2 meat with pork and brisket 
Ranch House Salad
Corn bread (pucks) of sweet, warm goodness.

Sides were great! The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was fantastic and the slaw was great with the pecan. 
Brisket was the clear winner from the table and we all loved the smoky sausage. The pulled pork was a disappointing third as it was dry. Good thing I went with brisket. 
Two thumbs up here kids. Well worth your time and money. Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too."
"Came to Bobby Q. from word of mouth. Went to Phoenix for Spring Training. Went there on Sunday and got the Family fest (1/2 lb ribs, 1/2 lbs pull pork, 1/2 lb brisket, 1/2 chicken plus 2 sides) for $28.00. This is the best BBQ that i have tasted. The brisket can be cut with a fork and melts in your mouth. The chicken is not dry but moist (even the chicken breast). The one thing i do want to try is a 22-hour smoked prime rib....until next spring training, i will have to wait. Also, mention yelp and get 10% off your bill!!!"
Best BBQ in Phoenix! Everything we ate was amazing! We will be back whenever possible!
"I am a Phoenix local and pass Bobby Q just about everyday in my way to work and think that I should stop for a bite sometime. Well, I finally did and it was AMAZING! I went with some coworkers of mine and the service was extraordinary! I was a little nervous when we showed up and there was a full parking lot but it took no time at all until we had our lunches relieved to our table. I would highly recommend the Q rolls, they were so good! They also have great lunch specials! The cornbread and donuts they give you too at the beginning and end of the meal is fantastic. I cannot wait to go back!"
"I don't think this place needs anymore reviews and I'm sure everything has already been said.
This was fantastic and great for the money spent. The service was also top notch. Loved the cornbread before the meal, the Mac and cheese was delicious and the meat was tender and flavorful! Not much more you can ask for! Winner winner!!"
"Just thinking about writing this review is making my mouth water... One of my husband and I's favorite date spots. We always prefer to sit at the bar. I love the warm atmosphere. Makes me feel like I'm in a real BBQ joint somewhere in the South. I have never been here when it's not busy. There is typically a wait, but usually not for the bar. (Pro-tip and part of why we are ""Bar People."")As you walk through the front door, you are not only hit with the delicious smell of BBQ, but something else... Cinnamon? YES! Right behind the Hostess stand, you will notice a few of the girls making fresh, home-made, cinnamon and sugar covered donuts. They place them in cute little paper bags and they come with every meal. Even when you think you are so full, you couldn't stuff anything else in your belly... they hand you these melt in your mouth, warm, fresh out of the fryer, donuts. And you will finish them. Trust me. 

But let's start at the beginning shall we? Guest's get a complimentary basket of their home made Cornbread after they are sat, always nice, but I try to save as much room as possible for the good stuff. I have never gone to Bobby Q's without first ordering the Q-Rolls to start. The BBQ Version of a Taquito. A white tortilla, filled with Smoked Brisket and served with a chipotle dipping sauce. These little babies are the best ""Taquito's"" you will ever have in your life. The chipotle sauce is a bit sweet and compliments not only the chipotle but the Brisket very well. 

As for dinner, my husband and I always share and rarely come home without a to-go box. Our Favorite dinner to order is the Pick 2 Wood Fired Barbeque Platter. The Sliced Beef Brisket and the Smoked Chicken are my favorites. The Brisket is so tender, you can cut it with your fork. (That goes for any of the meats really. No need for a knife here unless you get a steak.) Drizzled with their House, Home-made BBQ Sauce. Perfectly sweet and tangy. The Chicken with its smoky, smothered in BBQ Goodness its juicy and tender. We have had the ribs, the pulled pork, and the sausage. Pretty much anything under the Platters section of the menu... we have had it, and I have yet to leave feeling unsatisfied. As far as sides go... I don't care what you get as long as you also get the Mac & Cheese. This is a MUST!! So creamy and decedent. It's hard to finish sometimes. The best Mac I have ever tasted. 

And there you have it. The best BBQ this side of Phoenix. I dare anyone to say different. Ok... I need to mop up my keyboard now and head to Bobby Q's ASAP. See you there!"
Service is excellent food is great the managers Taylor and baron  have absolutely the best customer service I live in Las Vegas and when I'm in town I eat there at least 3 times
"After a Sunday afternoon of sun and fun at a Spring Training game, my friend and I were kind-of, sort-of, well not really anywhere near Bobby Q.  OK, we were west of the 17 freeway, so I suppose that counts as ""near"".  In any event, since missing out on the UYE the previous week, I was happy to visit this new-to-me BBQ spot for a very late lunch/early dinner.

We were seated immediately, and started off with a couple of Blue Moons while perusing the menu.  It was extensive, with almost any type of BBQ combination you can imagine.  I did not take the time to review it all, because I only had eyes for one thing.  Brisket.  To sandwich, or not to sandwich, that was the only question.

We ended up selecting two BBQ platters - one with smoked BBQ brisket and the other with smoked pulled pork.  Each came with two sides - we chose mac n cheese, pecan cole slaw and potato salad.  Hey, wait, that is only three sides.  That is because we got two, count 'em TWO orders of mac & cheese.  Enable my bad habits!

Look!  Corn bread!  Warm, moist and topped with a healthy ball of butter.  It was probably a good thing we were only given two pieces.  I could have eaten a LOT of that...

Our meals arrived quickly, along with a carafe of spicy BBQ sauce (that went very well on the mac n cheese, I might add).  While the portion sizes weren't huge, they were still impressive.  It was immediately obvious that my friend liked my brisket better than the pulled pork.  How did I know this?  1) because it was OhSoVery good and 2) It was quickly disappearing from my plate without any effort from me!  Of the sides, of course I liked the mac n cheese the most - while it was not the oh so decadent Fleming's version, or the gooey cheesy version from Scottsdale BBQ, it still hit the spot.  

* We did make one strategic error.  While writing this review I noticed the Yelp Review Discount offer of 10% off the bill.  Too late to help us - but not too late to help you!  Go, eat, and ask for your discount!"
"The parking lot sets the tone with being nestled in a big bunch of trees.
My wife had a salad and a soup.  I had a barbeque pork sandwich and a bowl of bean soup w/ ham.....lots of ham.  Everything was delicious.  The barbequewas moist and tender.  The admosphere is very nice.  The service was great.  The prices are reasonable for what you get.
Had a wonderful lunchtime experience."
"I don't know where to even begin about this place. It's fantastic! We were looking for a ""fall off the bone"" rib restaurant. We started a Google search and landed on Bobby Q. I've been in the valley for 20 years and have passed this establishment many times a week, but never ventured inside. I can't believe all that I've missed out on all these years. The restaurant is really cool looking and has an outdoor patio. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation or you're be drooling waiting for a table if you can get one. We had a reservation last night and there was a line out the door of 6 people a head of us. When you go, ask to be seated in server Carissa's section. She is a spunky young gal who knows her stuff. She made valuable recommendations and has a winning personality. She will even sing for you!  She was every bit worth the 25% tip we left. The food is outstanding. I recommend the 2 rib dinner and get the Baby Back and St. Louis ribs. I was there for the BB, but the SLRibs were out of this world. We ordered a couple of dessert, but the warm donuts Bobby Q gives you at the end took the cake. All in all, eat at this establishment!  Carissa, we'll see you soon enough."
Bobby Q's is one of my favorite restaurants I have been to in Phoenix. The meat is always flavorful and tender; the rotisserie chicken is the BEST I have ever had.
Great food! Great staff! The free corn bread and donuts are a crowd pleaser! My favorite dishes are the pulled pork and the BBQ burger. Their BBQ sauce is exceptional!
"Great food, great service.  All staff was very nice, wait wasn't extremely bad (20 minutes).  Had the hog heaven and split it with a friend.  We still has plenty to take home.  Awesome cornbread!"
The Q Rolls and the Smokehouse Burger were absolutely fantastic. Will be returning very soon. Outstanding barbecue.
"Building looked interesting off the highway and reviews where mostly positive so we gave them a try.  As we walked up the aroma of bbq filled the air and knew we where in for something good.  Our waiter was nice answered all our questions gave us some recommendations.  I had the beef ribs and they where done great and tasted just as good as they looked.  I will advise the sides are big potions.  During our meal we talked with a lovely lady who worked there and gave us the history of the restaurant and noticed I hadn't ordered the the macaroni as a side and brought me one because it was house specialty.  Dam! it tasted great.  I would recommend saving room because you get doughnuts at the end of the meal that are done in house.   

Overall a good meal and would co"
"Big plates of food for a decent price. 
Brisket was ok, with a texture of pulled pork not brisket slices.
Sausage was ok.
But baby back ribs, by far, were the best. Tender and good flavor.
Cornbread was also great!
Might return if I was in town."
"Went on A Mothers-day thought it would be over packed but it wasn't . Table for four seated quickly. Ribs, steaks, barbecue pork sandwich all was excellent and the free bags of doughnuts as a desert was a nice touch."
"What a test of a business - we were here Sunday and came back tonight. My husband requested it for his birthday. Again, great service. This time Kody was our server and did a fantastic job! Jo the manager was fantastic! Thank you again!"
"This may be some of the most mouth watering, deliciously smoked meat and chicken I've ever eaten. Our waiter Wes was the Best!"
"Had a fun night I was turnt 
Went on a Thursday.
Bad thing was right before 
Closing time someone started
 a fight huge fight and most of us where told to leave. Which was fine cause I didn't wanna get shoot!


Wants to update my review to say sorry for my complaint. This is the same location but at night they turn this place into a nightclub this is where the altercation happened."
"Very worth the drive from where ever you are, this is probably the best BQQ restaurant in the valley. Brisket was tender and the Mac and cheese complemented the dish very well. There was a little bit of a wait but that comes expedited for such a popular place. Have family/friends in town definitely bring them here."
"One of my absolute favorite BBQ places in town.  The smoked brisket falls apart in your mouth and the ribs also fall off the bone. The meat is the main event, but the sides are delectable as well.  The Mac and cheese is perfectly creamy and the cornbread is absolutely delicious. And what could be better than those melt in your mouth freshly fried cinnamon sugar mini donuts after the meal. Keep doing you Bobby Q."
Honestly not the best bbq I've had famous Dave's best ribs and Rudy's best brisket. I really liked the spinach and artichoke. The food was just way to greasy and fatty for my likings
"Saw the high reviews on Yelp for this place and had to check it out. Went with pick up this time and I got the two meat dinner plate. Ribs and brisket with Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. The best of the two in my opinion was be Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes were nothing spectacular. As far as the meat is concerned....Holy moly, this place has got to be one of the best bbq spots in Arizona. A bit pricey but worth it. The cornbread and little donuts are also amazing. I would come back here in a heartbeat! If you're in the mood for some good, finger licking bbq, this place is it! Also looks pretty lively inside on the weekends, check this place out if you're in the area, it won't disappoint!"
"Let's start with the mini skillet cornbread, exactly as good as it sounds. The brisket rolls are the best with the BBQ sauce and ingenious. The slaw was good with the pecans. The roasted corn was excellent. The ranch beans are more southern and a lil too sweet for me. But seriously people. Cinnamon mini doughnuts?!? Wow wow wow wow"
"Great place! Food was amazing and the drinks were worth the price. Took my mom and relatives for her birthday, and everyone enjoyed the atmosphere at Bobby Qs. Plus my my parents remember the original restaurant from many years ago in San Bernardino CA. Great restaurant !!! Will be back!"
"In a town starving for good BBQ, Bobby-Q's really shines. Without question, they have the very best pork ribs available in Phoenix (although a star is deducted because the spare ribs are way too small, especially considering the pricey tendency of the menu). Their sauce is delicious, if somewhat tame. Their appetizers and sides are inventive and delicious. If it just so happens that you have someone with you who isn't feeling the love for BBQ that night - well you're in luck, because they also happen to be a highly competent steakhouse. The atmosphere is richly subdued, very elegant. This isn't what a good BBQ joint is supposed to look like - so at the outset, I was wary. But make no mistake, these guys know how to BBQ."
They do charge a cover after certain hours. It is a nice and little known place to dance in the West Valley without going to Westgate area
"Today was the third time I have come here. Each time I noticed other guest who arrived after me get their meals first. I asked today why this was continually happening. I was told if someone else's order was easier they would do them first. Well, when a table of 4 and a table of 2 can get their meal first over my 1 sandwich I will not be back!"
"Coming from Virginia, I have some pretty strong opinions on what good barbecue is. For the most part, I've avoided barbecue since moving to Arizona, but my friends wanted to try out Bobby Qs, so trying out Bobby Qs we did.

We sat on the outdoor patio which was warmly lit and welcoming. Our server was incredibly friendly, which only added to the good vibes. Although not barbecue, the southern fried chicken caught my eye. I got it with creamy mashed potatoes and a delightful (maybe yogurty?) mac and cheese on the side. The cornbread that came with it was also heavenly. Though they are round and slightly more difficult to handle than the regular square ones, they were delicious and moist and there was more than enough butter that came with them.

My s/o got the pulled pork platter with roasted corn and shoestring fries. We traded our mashed potatoes and roasted corn because I absolutely ADORED the roasted corn. Perfectly buttery with such a good roasted flavor. Just thinking about it makes me hungry.

The only gripe I had was that for its price, there really wasn't that much food. It was enough for me to have leftovers, but it can't compare to my favorite bbq joint back home where $11 got you a pound of pulled pork."
Fantastic place!!!  Some of the best BBQ in the city.  It used to be Bobby McGees years ago. But what they've done to the decor and the food is outstanding!!!
This is the best BBQ in the Phoenix area. Q rolls are awesome and are waiter Garrett was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave us great service.
"Rushed is the first thing that I remember from our experience at Bobby Q's ... from ordered to trying to take our plates to dessert ordering and the check.  The check, that brings me to another issue... we were a party of 3 (easy right?) so we ordered the big meal thingy (Whole Hog Heaven) and we split it and as a party of 3 (couple and a single) we asked the waitress with our check to use 1 card for a 1/3rd of the check and 2/3rds for the balance.  She pauses and says I will do it by your meals, I remind her that we ordered ONE BIG MEAL and need to split, she says ""OK no problem, I have a calculator back there...""   Waitress and our check comes back and she did 1/4 and 3/4 to which I asked why and what the confusion was and while she was miffed, she offered to take the cards and re-do the charges, I declined this.  It's sad these are the things that were the most memorable of our visit.  BBQ was just ""OK"", over priced and really not that great given the ""we've heard this and that about this place"".  I will be in no rush to go back, it wasn't horrible ... it just wasn't great and add in the service issues, enough to go to other great BBQ options in the valley.  The corn bread and the donuts were really good, I will say that!"
"That darn Smokehouse burger is awesome. 5 stars. 

The smoked corn was a little Meh... it was oily like not butter oily... not a huge fan of the texture either. I like corn crunchy and it was not. 

Service was great. 

I did see an unmentionable bug running around near the back entrance towards the chicken rotisserie thing, but bugs have to eat too right? (still 5 stars lol)"
Foods very average.....for the price wasn't worth my time. The atmosphere was nice but over all. Overage food for larger than needed prices.
"It's so good it's not right!!! Unbelievable!!! We had the whole hog, best BBQ I've had in AZ yet. Meat fell off the bone, the pork was tender and perfect, the brisket was tender and perfect too. The Mac-n-cheese was unreal and the ranch beans were spot on. For dessert we had the banana cream pie...ridiculously amazing!!! I'm glad I live 42 minutes away from Bobby Q because I would pack on the lbs for sure. If you want great BBQ, excellent service, and a restaurant with unique character Bobby Q is a no brainer."
"This place is wonderful! I am not a fan of BBQ, but this is just absolutely delicious. Even their chicken strips have a homemade batter! Super tasty! Love the complimentary corn bread and donuts as you leave!! Will definitely be back! Just wish there was one closer to North Scottsdale. But it is well worth the drive!!!

When we got seated, we waited about five minutes for our waitress to come by. Usually this is pretty typical anymore so really didn't think anything of it. However, the manager came over herself and apologized and offered appetizers on the house!! Super impressed with the quality of service."
"Kinda disappointed... Since I'm traveling close to 3 hours to/from here... Brisket is a must! Why I was told it's not ready..., ugh! My favorite dish. /////  Update within 40 minutes. 

Update! Redemption. The brisket came out just in time for take out! Take home! Yes folks, I will buy a pound or so of their BBQ to take home, back past... Tucson, it's that damn good. 

Wish Tucson had a Bobby Qs! Hint hint."
"Bobby Q.... You have officially ruined BBQ for me. Nothing will ever be as good and I live too far away to get to enjoy this pure heaven again in the near future so now I am deprived of amazing BBQ.... All because of Bobby Q. 

I just left another BBQ place (this time in Atlanta, Georgia) and due to my now high standards for BBQ I must say I was severely disappointed :( I am currently sitting in the parking lot of a mediocre BBQ joint with extremely high reviews from the locals lamenting over the loss of Bobby Q to my boyfriend. 

I forgot to mention in my last review that not only was every single item that we ordered from the menu spot on but Ann, our waitress, also gave us mini funnel cake like donuts to go... ON THE HOUSE. I mean come on guys... No one does that!! 

To sum thing up... I have just been across America and back... Literally... and Bobby Q is the only restaurant that had such a lasting impression on me that I just HAD to come back and write an update for. My only question for them is CAN YOU OPEN A LOCATION ON THE EAST COAST PLEASE!!!!!"
Came in from San Diego to watch the Angels play and the service this place was horrible!!!!!
"I don't write reviews normally because it is just my opinion and everyone has one, right? Well, looks like things do change.  My husband and I went to Bobby Qs today on the advice of a friend.  I love BBQ, my husband not so much.  But....he gave it 5 stars and I'm all in.  

We ordered the Whole Hog meal to share.  I ordered a house salad to share as well.  Garrett, our server, was PHENOMENAL! watching and close by but not hovering and in your face.  He gave a great history of the place, was prompt, polite, funny.  Garrett even split the salad into 2 bowls for us, without my asking.  

Honestly when the meal came, we thought Oh thats not alot...well, we brought home a packed box of leftovers.  Beef ribs were tender, juicy and sauced perfectly.  Baby backs were even better and the pulled pork was mind numbing.  Even the sides were delicious..good compliments to the meal not an after thought and plenty for 2 people.   Bbq ordered out is so hit and miss...BobbyQs was nothing but homeruns!! 

This is definitely a place we will return to again and again...not only was the staff great, the food fantastic, the prices right....these people understand good Southern Sweet Tea. That tops it for me."
"I saw the sign for this restaurant off the I-17 freeway and later found out that this place catered a dinner for my wife and her colleagues at Grand Canyon University.  I had to try it out.  Since I was meeting a friend from high school who has lived in Phoenix for over 30 years now, I suggested we try this place and he was excited about going.  I know that if a local is excited to go somewhere in their ""backyard"" it must be good.
I ordered the bbq brisket and it was the bomb!!  Very tender and tasty.  Wish I could  have had more than one meal there, but it's something to look forward to on my next trip there."
"Bobby Q has a rustic, Western vibe with a music selection customary of a traditional BBQ joint. The play on words for the restaurant's title was what caught my attention but I came into Bobby Q with my sister and boyfriend since we were craving some good BBQ. 

We ordered the Cajun Shrimp appetizer to start. The shrimp is sauteed in beer; this was the standout factor for me in this dish because I could actually taste the flavor of the beer, which complemented nicely with the Cajun seasoning and butter. 

We ordered the Full Baby Back Rib BBQ Platter to split 3 ways. You can choose from a list of sides such as mac and cheese, shoestring fries, ranch beans, mashed potatoes and pecan cole slaw. We decided to get mac and cheese and shoe string fries. I was expecting to be given additional plates to pick off the rib platter but our waitress was kind enough to have the kitchen split the dish on 3 separate plates, with a portion of mac and cheese and shoe string fries on each plate. Right when I started cutting my ribs, the meat fell cleanly off the bone. The 22 hour smoking process yields amazing results because the meat was moist, tender and just plain heavenly! The BBQ sauce was tangier than most but was delicious. My sister even loved the ribs and she's not a huge meat person. 

Lastly, what made the experience worthy of the 5 star rating was the service. The service was PHENOMENAL! Our waitress, Kessa, was informative on the restaurant's history (they used to be Bobby McGee's!) and their smoking process (the meat is smoked for up to 22 hours). In addition, the manager/restaurant owner personally came up to our table to see how we were enjoying our food. Our waitress was also sweet enough to bring us a half dozen complementary cinnamon donuts to end our meal!"
Would give more then 5 stars if possible. ASK FOR PHILLIP!!! customer service is spectacular.  I am the pickiest eater and think everything is spicy. This food was phenomenal.
"We went here for lunch when we were out in Scottsdale for a debauchery filled spring training trip. We got a recommendation from a friend to try this place out and it didn't disappoint.

We got the Q-Rolls to start (brisket filled) which come with a chipotle dip. These were solid.

I ordered the full rack of baby backs and split it with my buddy who got a two item combo with brisket and pulled pork. The ribs were fall off the bone tender and had great flavor. The brisket was phenomenal as well. The pulled pork was good but the weakest of all the items we had.

Best part of the lunch was not losing on credit card roulette at the end. If/when I make it back to the Phoenix area I will definitely be coming back."
Wow. Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Beef and short ribs fell right off the bone.  Awesome coleslaw and the Cajun shrimp.  Yummm.  Great wait staff and friendly   When in Phoenix I'd go here again in a heartbeat.
"Bobby Q's was recommended to us by friends who had dined there the previous week. We made reservations and had a wonderful meal. I started off with a coconut lime mojito, which was delicious. The cornbread is incredible! We ordered the whole hog heaven, which includes 4 meats and 3 sides. We selected baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, brisket and sausage along with potato salad, ranch beans and grilled vegetables. This meal is great for sharing! The brisket was my favorite. The ribs fall off the bone! At the end of the meal, we received complimentary mini sugared home made donuts, which are to die for! Can't wait to try Bobby Q's again!"
"I'm in Phoenix for a pretty lengthy business trip and will make sure to hit this place again before I head home. We started with the Q rolls which are essentially a brisket egg roll. These were incredibly tasty. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the potatoes salad which was great as well.

Apparently I never finished this review since I was in phoenix in january. Last week I returned for work and hit Bobby's again! Wow great food this time I ordered the brisket! Again phenomenal probably the best BBQ I've ever had."
"My husband and I ate at Bobby Q for my birthday today. We had the lunch sampler platter. The brisket was very tender, the meat fell off the ribs and the chicken was awesome too. The sauce was very tasty - not a bunch of Southwestern spices which have no business being in BBQ sauce - like real sauce should taste. Garrett was a great waiter as he had the right mix of being attentive without hovering.  I received a birthday treat, thanks Taylor and Garrett, which was very chocolatey good. We will visit again in the future."
The Coconut mojitos are the best! And I will not go anywhere else for one. The Prime rib is delicious and always cooked the way I request. The staff are friendly and professional. Plenty of parking too. Keep up the good work.
Amazing! Ordered the beef ribs and could eat them with a fork they were so tender. After dinner they give you freshly fried donuts that were just awesome.
Meat fell off of the bone. That's how good it was! The Mac & cheese had so much flavor! Yum. Cornbread was generic.
"We've lived in AZ for 8 months, moved here from the south, and I'm so thankful we finally found some dang good BBQ! Our reservation was at 7, and we didn't get seated until about 7:12, and the staff could not have been more accommodating! They felt so bad, and we were just enjoying the patio- no big deal at all! We even got a free appetizer out of it, so great! Ribs, fried chicken, brisket ALL OF IT WAS DELICIOUS!! Can't wait to go back!"
One of the worst restaurants I have ever came across the service was horrible and the mangers have no class nor customer service on how u treat ur customers we came from an angel spring training game and had 1 drink at the bar we sat for 30min until we finally asked where our drinks were and was told we were not being servered cause we were intoxicated witch was false we were told to leave cause we asked questions on why were weren't being servered not only were we treated unfairly for no reason  they profiled us for no reason..I will never go back and the most horrible service and experience EVER..they need to train there managers and employees on how to treat there customers WROST PlACE EVER
Best BBQ i've tried......and the building/ location was awesome.
"Wow! Great food, great service! I loved his place and definitely will return. I suggest making a reservation otherwise the wait could be long but still worth it! We had reservations and seated within 10 min. I overheard the hostess telling other patrons the wait could be 45 min. I had the smoked chicken and it was delish. The cornbread was pretty good too, nothing like mom's but for a restaurant probably some of the best I had. The Mac and cheese was ok. Highly recommend if you have a taste for some bbq!"
"This place is amazing! I had the best BBQ ever....the ribs were do tender, the brisket melted in my mouth and the Mac n cheese was so good too! Highly recommend this place. The staff were attentive and Donny, the manager,  really cared that we were happy."
We are out of town folks from CA & Hawaii & this is amazing BBQ. 2 of my colleagues had the rotisserie chicken and I had the 2 meat combination of Tri tip & ribs & the BBQ sauce was delicious and the meat tender. The portions were huge. Yummy onion ring block and we ended the evening with ice cream in a hot apple cobbler. Must come back when I visit Phoenix again!
"Loved the place! Went there to celebrate with family..... The whole hog was amazing! Brisket and ribs! Cornbread and little donuts! Fantastic!! Our server, Patrick was awesome! We'll be back!!!!!!!"
"We hit this spot on our way out of Phoenix yesterday.  We had received awesome feedback from our friends.  I am always a little biased when it come to BBQ because I lived in St. Louis, KC and Memphis. 

Let me tell you that this place is outstanding!!  The ribs, beef brisket and Cajun shrimp appetizer were excellent.  

Better than the food was the wonderful service.  Even the manager stopped by to check on our experience. 

We will stop here on every future trip to Phoenix."
Im about to go eat a burger right now. Excellent bbq.. but im in the mood for a burger. One of the best secrets about this place is the late night tacos!
"Bobby Q was really good! From their food to their service everything was great. We started off with their famous cornbread which was so good with that butter! For my main entree I ordered the beef brisket and 1/2 rack St. Louis style ribs which was so tender and juicy. I had a side of mac n' cheese and the potato salad which complemented the meal very well. My guest ordered the triple meat combo which included pulled pork, ribs and brisket with sides of the pecan coleslaw and baked potato. Everything was honestly really good and I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a true barbecue experience! I also enjoyed the cute mini donuts they gave for dessert. I would also like to note that we had plenty of leftovers which was awesome!"
My family went and it was the best experience ever!! The food OMG the food was so good. The wait staff was amazing. It really felt like home. I will definitely be going back thee. I highly recommend you check it out. Great home town feel. Best BBQ I have had sense my move from Illinois. A definite must go!!!
"I like coming here for dinner. Been here three times and it's always absolutely delicious. I've had the bbq chicken, brisket, sausage and the ribs. They're always wonderful. The service is attentive. 
I cannot eat gluten so I forego the cornbread and the rolls but I am told they are quite good. I also have never been able to try any of their desserts due to my intolerance. 
I really do enjoy their bbq, the sauces are really good. I just wish they offered a couple of GF items, that's why the 4-stars instead of 5."
"The taste of the 8 oz sirloin I got here earned the 5. I got a side of their spicy bbq sauce (which it wasn't) to go along with it. 

Started the meal with the Cajun shrimp which was grilled jumbo shrimp in a beer sauce...delicious. 

Back to the steak. I got it with grilled veggies. The steak was probably the most delicious flavor I've ever had. Their grill has some amazing flavor on it. This piece of meat was cooked to perfection, and didn't need a thing. 

I had 2 glasses of Mondavi Cabernet, and with everything it was under $50. 

They ask you if you want dessert, and if you say no they give you a little bag of little sugary doughnuts."
Love this place we got so muc b food we had a lot of left overs if yur looking for a sit down with a rustic look this is the place.
"Great service, great food. Come try it. Loving the brisket and there potato salad is to die for."
"Best BBQ in town.  Everything is great, especially the ""onion block"" as an appetizer, ribs, pulled pork, corn bread, ice tea and the list goes on.  2 kinds of BBQ sauce, try them both! Staff is friendly and they appreciate their customers.  Great outdoor patio with misters as well."
"We were craving some BBQ, and hadn't been here in a while, so we decided to head over.  It wasn't overly crowded on a Sunday night, but it wasn't empty, either.  Hubby and I ordered the same thing, 2 meat combo (brisket and baby back ribs) with double grilled veggies--extra grilled.  For some reason, we both got the same thing, sometimes that happens.  

First, we got our cornbread, which is always so delicious.  They serve it with butter, but you don't really need it.  Our meals came quickly (we didn't order appetizers), so we dug right in.  The brisket, as usual, melted in my mouth.  It's probably one of the best places I've ever been for brisket, and that's saying something.  I always order it wherever we go.  Also, my husband is NOT a brisket eater, but he will order it here.  Now for the ribs, I need to let you know, I'm a sweet & savory BBQ fan, definitely not spicy.  I've had the ribs before, and they were always sweet and tender, plus they literally fall off the bone.  These were like they usually are, fall off the bone and tender.  But, there seemed to be a spicier rub on them, which was a little off-putting to me.  Even my husband mentioned it, and he doesn't mind a little heat.  Neither one of us remember them tasting that way.  I dipped them in the sweet BBQ sauce, and that seemed to cool the spice a bit, and I did eat them all, but I'm not sure I'd get them again.  And, lastly, the grilled veggies, which consist of green peppers, zucchini, squash, onion and mushrooms--wonderful!!  I love the charred grill taste, and I gently dip them in the sauce.  I really adore them!

We rarely get dessert, because we're so full.  We have taken some cobbler home before, but it's never quite the same as having it fresh from the kitchen.  Plus, they bring you each a fresh mini sugary doughnut with your bill.  These are the perfect finish to a very good BBQ meal.  They bring them to you in a bag, but to be honest, they've never made it out the door.

The only reason I'm giving this restaurant and meal 4 stars instead of 5, is because of the rub on the ribs.  Other than that, it was a perfect meal."
Food was AMAZING OMG!!!! And the service was just as good. Our server helped us out so much since our group of 4 had never been there. But the bar was pretty disgusting. To start it off one of the bartenders jumped up on the cooler where they keep clean glasses and is also at the bar top height where people's food and drinks were. Then the same bartender took a container that was used to keep mixing tools and mixed up a drink in it then put it back on the counter and put the mixing tools back in it with out washing it or getting a new container. And then watching how the drinks were mad was pretty bad the bartender consistently under poured all the drinks. Overall it was a great experience except for the bar. And make sure you get there early enough or make a reservation it's a popular joint so expect to wait. I will absolutely be back when I come in to town again.
"Wow, this place was amazing! The service was fantastic - friendly and timely. The cornbread to start was delicious, and everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had the juicy southern fried chicken, smothered in a delicious gravy, with roasted corn and mashed potatoes on the side (both sides were exceptional!). I also had a bite of the brisket sandwich - so good! I love the cinnamon donuts as a parting dessert. I'd give this place 10 stars if I could."
"Food is great, i ordered take out so i cant comment on service very much. Have to admit i havent come back, but i do remember the food being worth the price."
The service we received from our waitress was Great! The food-not the best. I wouldn't recommend the calamari since the presentation looks like pile of cafeteria fish sticks and taste is similar to tofu. This was first and will be the last time coming here.
"The best, every time, all the time. Honestly, there is so much positive things I could say about Bobby Qs but it would take so much typing. I'll just leave you with this... probably some of the best BBQ I have ever had in my life, go here, eat, you will not be disappointed. Make a reservation if you are going to eat here during prime time eating hours, I highly recommend their lunch menu."
"3 words: WHOLE HOG HEAVEN.
Can you say food coma. Saw this place while driving down Black Canyon freeway and I realized why it sounded so familiar. I saw it from an article I had screenshotted naming the 100 best restaurants in the country. So of course bf and I had to go. We decided on the whole hog heaven. 2 types of ribs, 2 types of meat, and 3 sides to share between us. Sooooo good. Meat was tender, flavor was delicious, and it came so quickly. Shoutout to our server Jason for being so friendly and attentive. Oh, and they give u free mini donuts in the end. Sold. Lol."
"Best BBQ I ever had. Huge portions of meat on the beef ribs, what more could you ask for? Ordered a mix plate with pork, chicken, and beef ribs, everything was super tender and delicious."
Sorry to disagree with so many happy consumers but I just paid nearly $20 for very poor beef brisket. It's one thing to smoke the meat until its tender but quite another to cook it to an almost mushy texture. Couldn't even pick up the brisket with a fork-it fell apart. That's not tenderness on a BBQ scale. The grilled veggies were 3/4 large chunks of bell pepper...meh. I really wanted to love this meal but came away feeling like I paid far too much
"My favorite BBQ in the valley. Their brisket is always delicious, as is the corn bread and the mac n cheese. (Let's be honest, there's not a bad item on the entire menu). If you go and you don't order the Q Rolls, you are doing yourself a disservice. They are amazing! The wait can be long, but it's worth it. Plan ahead and make a reservation if you have a large group. Going in as a party of 2, we've never waited very long."
"Excellent food and atmosphere. The weather was perfect for lunch outside and the lunch menu was fairly priced. I got the sampler to try all of the best BBQ. The brisket was a little dry but the ribs were to die for! I will be back again hopefully soon. I will get a full rack of ribs for my entire meal though. Juicy, fall of the bone, perfect smoky flavor. You can tell Bobby Q's knows what they're talking about when it comes to the ribs. 

I can tell this is something I will be craving again."
"Great food, although the to go order is confusing and you get funneled to the back, which I wasn't prepared for."
"I'm addicted to this place. The meat just falls off the none, the sauce is fantastic, most of the sides are great, and the service is always friendly.

Finding this place can be a bit of a challenge, I've found that using the frontage road to get there almost always ends in a u-turn but well worth the difficulty. And this place can get packed so definitely make reservations, even if you're a small group. 

There is plenty of room for large groups, though it is really loud and very crowded on weekend nights when the connected club is open. I have yet to check out the Q-Lounge but it looks fun!

I always get the Q-Rolls, which are like southwest brisket filled eggrolls of joy with a side of chipotle aioli. They offer tons of meal options, including ones that are great to split even with more than one person. Their brisket is delicious and their shredded pork is great but its their ribs that leave me wanting more for days to come. The meat just falls right off the bone and I can hardly finish more than 3 of them before I'm stuffed. I happily eat the left overs for days! 

They also have great sides, their corn and mashed potatoes are definitely my favorites. Their roasted veggies do leave a bit to be desired flavor-wise but the portion is still large. When you're seated, the table is given corn bread and butter which is so good, you have to remind yourself not to fill up before your food even gets to the table! And when you leave they give you a small bag of donut holes! Seriously this place makes you feel like family and makes sure you leave stuffed."
"In town for spring training with my dad and uncle. A+ BEST RESTAURANT in Phoenix ! And we tried most of them! We stayed at the inn place motel and it's only a mile down the road. Friendly staff Vanessa   Was our waitress and she was so nice and helpful. Struck up conversation and actually made us feel right at home! 
They have a full bar and lounge for night life but we dined in I got the brisket platter (smoked for 18hrs ) and it was delicious!!!! So juicy and flavorful, came with 2 sides I got creamy mashed potatoes and shoe string fries both tasted hot n fresh not frozen or microwaved like most restaurants potato products. During our (short) wait after ordering we were served fresh made from scratch corn bread and got another basket without having to ask. A few rounds of beers/drinks and we were stuffed and completely happy. 


UPDATE: We went back! Our last night and this was the only place we wanted to be at. Our server was  Sarah  And she was friendly fast and had refills out without asking I got the same order (plain and simple) and if possible it was BETTER than the first time! 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO SPRING TRAINING CROWD 

No wait weeknights 
About $20 out the door meat entree 2 sides drink tip tax 
Free refills 
Country/lounge dark environment with mood lighting couple TVs"
"I love the baby backs ribs here and the shoestring fries and corn and the onion block.
Service is fast and very friendly. 
All the food is great and everyone is very outgoing.
Anything BBQ is great. The steaks are also really good.
I can't say anything bad.
They go out of there way to make sure you enjoy your time and there great food.
Every meal comes with corn bread it's really good.
You can have a great desert but you also get homemade donuts to top everything off."
"This was our second visit and again they did a fantastic job. We ordered the Whole Hog Heaven which came with two types of ribs and two different meats and three different side items. We split it between the two of us and still had leftovers. At the end of the day Bobby Q has fantastic food, average service and a rich and interesting history!"
"My wife, two children (12, 10) and I ordered the hog heaven.  Our food and service was absolutely awesome.  The kids each had a frozen lemonade which were delicious.  My wife had the raspberry sangria which she enjoyed immensely.  As far as sides are concerned, the slaw is just ok. The roasted corn was very good. The Mac and cheese is awesome.  I like a little more chew on my smoked ribs, but that is just me.  I would return to this restaurant without hesitation."
"Great Baby Back Ribs and Brisket! I'm glad we decided to eat at Bobby Q during our Arizona trip. Also, the service was great all around!"
"Great atmosphere, very good bbq, crappy location, and Blue Moon on tap!

Service was great, but we were there on a fairly slow Tuesday night."
"We try to make it for at least one meal each time we visit Arizona. This time, it was on St. Patties day, for a larger party, also celebrating a birthday. We didnt have to wait long at all for them to get our table ready. The server also had alot of fun making sure we were able to have ""green beers"" we were hopeing to celebrate with. The Sunday BBQ special with all the diffrent cuts of meat, enough for at least 2 (if not more) to share was great, and plenty to go around, at an extremely reasonable price. Everyone was full, and very happy. Like always, good food at the right price. The fresh, made in house donut holes to top off the meal are always looked forward to, and will return everytime we visit."
I came here for my birthday and this is a spectacular place for the drinks to be inexpensive and potent. my friends chipped in together and we bought a bottle. a woman jumped on top of a bouncer's shoulders and came out with a sparkling cake.
"road tripping through Arizona and did a quick yelp search because my friend and I were hungry - happened to catch this fine place for very good bbq - we loved the employees who were so friendly - the manager came by and asked if this was our first time and helped answer questions about people's favorites, very nice.  Food was fantastic - I had the brisket which was so tender and succulent (yum) with grilled veggies; my friend had the pulled pork which she said was tangy sweet and smokey - very nice find!"
"Best BBQ I have had in my life. Took my wife and four kids there and all of us loved it! Great service and amazing food. Will be back!!!

Came back and it was just as good! Our waitress Jessica was amazing. Brought 2 friends and they thought the same!"
I think this is the best BBQ in Arizona!!! I go to Texas all the time so I have had some great BBQ and I think that Bobby Qs is just as good if not better than Texas BBQ.
"Once again Bobby Q's brisket does not disappoint!  I went there today with 5 other people from my office at about noon.  It wasn't that crowded and we were seated promptly.  They seem to know that time is short during workweek lunch hours so they were very quick in taking our orders.  I am always shocked whenever I go just how quickly orders arrive at the table.

I ordered the BBQ brisket plate (as always) with fries as a side.  I still love their brisket and think its the best in town and actually the best I've ever had.  I was in a french fry mood so I didn't order the mac n' cheese which I also think is some of the best around.  I also LOVE those lil donuts they give you at the end!

Can't wait to go back!"
"Ok this place is officially AMAZING! I always passed by on my way home from work and made it a point to open my window every time I pass by. I wanted a taste of that savory aroma passing through my nostrils. I've been budgeting and not going out to eat so much but today I was celebrating a personal accomplishment and thought ""why not?"" I'm so glad I stopped by for lunch. Once entering, the friendly staff showed me to a table, where the bartender-didn't catch his name, but was EXTREMELY friendly and helpful- suggested the sampler. In a sampler you get 3 meat options, 1 side, and cornbread. I ordered the ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and mac&cheese as my side. Service was quick and prompt, and let me tell you, those were probably the best ribs I have ever had. The brisket was flavorful, yet missed the mark a little there regarding texture though it was a bit tough(which is the reason for 4stars, not 5). Pulled pork was simply delicious. And the mac&cheese was super rich! I loved every bite! I did not leave empty handed either! fresh from the kitchen 1/2 dozen cinnamon sugar doughnuts right out the door. This place is so welcoming and delicious I wouldn't mind coming again with a party."
"Baffled at the ratings this place gets.  The ambiance is nice, and it would be a fun place to go with a group of friends for drinks and ""pre-gaming it"" before going out.

But...

My family and I are rib lovers, and in no way shape or form did Bobby Q make the grade.  

The waiter touted them as smoking ""all of their meats"" for over 18 hours.  I almost fell of the booth, because you smoke meat that long either it's going to get bitter from the amount of creosote building up, or at the very least it'd be overcooked (well, perhaps except for pulled pork).  Ribs can tolerate about 5 hours.  His hyperbole was obvious.  Perhaps some people get really excited when they hear this line, because it's supposed to sound impressive.    

I ordered the St. Louis style spares, and parents ordered the baby backs.  All of the ribs were overcooked and mushy (""falling off the bone"").  The spares were actually better cooked than the babys, which isn't saying much.  Interestingly enough, the babys were very fatty, in fact my Dad was spitting out pieces of fat.  Spares were not as bad (go figure, given it's usually the other way around).  We are not ""fat shy"" but this was really excessive.  The rack was not trimmed properly.

The ribs tasted smoked, although not an overly pronounced smoke ring.  Definitely not smoked 18 hours.

People freak about the Mac & Cheese here, but it's really nothing special.  Creamy and they certainly use processed cheese (which isn't always bad), but nothing more.  I really liked the beans - not too sweet.

In short, I could see how the other offerings on the menu may be good, and given the ambience and service another experience with different food may give better ratings, but ya gotta do your ribs well if you are going to call yourself a BBQ restaurant.

Once again, the lack of good BBQ in Phoenix continues to amaze me.

As a side note, we had leftover ribs.  I came home with my parents and was about to take them in the house.  My parents said, ""you really aren't going to eat those, are you""?  I said, ""probably not"".  Into the trash they went."
"Well I always heard about Bobby Q's and when I got a chance for a carry out I jumped on it...I should have went with my son and his dad. They had been there the night before so I munched on their leftovers when they first went (Flintstone beef bone)...man my mouth is watering just thinking about their beef ribs and corn. Awesome and Oh so good. Well I got their chicken (and mind you I was ribbed out from munching on leftovers). My son and his dad got the ribs again and when they came with my order (the chicken) I was very very very disappointed. So bad that I was trading it for just a bite of the rib. My son liked it and thought I was crazy but it just looked like 1 breast or cut thigh. I was looking for a two pc or something. Oh well. I enjoyed the corn, the cornbread and the gravy. All in all I will stick to their beef ribs when I go."
"Some of the best BBQ you will ever find in Phoenix, Arizona. Nice portions, great atmosphere, very nice patio and superb waitstaff make this the place to go for slow-smoked BBQ. We will definitely be back!!"
"Great vibes.  Did not disappoint.  Great BBQ Joint atmosphere.  Fresh mini donuts up front, open rotisserie grill in the and the ribs were all fall off the bone.

Gotta get ""the Whole Hog"".  Choice of 4 different meats and three solids.  Feeds 3-4.  All that for $50.  Great value for awesome food.  Per my 14 yr old son (the boy loves his ribs), this the the ""best ribs I have ever had""."
Bobby Q is now at 32nd St and Camelback in the Safeway Plaza! This is by far the BEST BBQ IN THE ARCADIA\BILTMORE area!!!! The BRISKET literally melts in your mouth and no need for a knife it's so tender!! So far I've also had the prime rib and ribs and they were EXCELLENT! The servers are friendly and super attentive. Come in and Bob may be there to personally greet you and welcome you to BBQ heaven!!! I LOVE GREAT FOOD AND SERVICE!!!!
"Bobby Q's is seriously my favorite restaurant in the country. I travel all over for work and sample local restaurants whenever I can. In over a decade of travel, I have not found a place I like more than Bobby Q's. For me, this is an absolute MUST stop every time I come to Phoenix."
Food was really good. Service was great just thought it was odd that the big dinner meant to be shared with 5 only came with small sides that on
"This place continues to impress.  I am compelled to write an update only to say at a recent visit we had one of the best dining experiences ever, anywhere.  

The food remains top notch, best quality, but the SERVICE... wow... they've always gone out of their way but this time the service was incredible.  Our server was on top of it 110%, the management came to make sure we were happy, I mentioned one small concern in passing and it was as if the place stopped for us.  No one rested until it was addressed.  I can't tell you how much we appreciate being... appreciated!

People say ""you drive all the way to 27th Ave & Dunlap from north Scottsdale to eat?""  I say HELL YEAH we'd drive twice as far for great BBQ because it's hard to get the real thing like this.  Besides it's a matter of perspective, Phoenix metro area is small compared to Chicago.  The greater Chicago metro area is HUGE, it spans at least 6 counties.  We drive 55 miles each way for real BBQ back in IL.  And we're lucky to have it that close.

Oh yeah - for the first time we had the ""whole hog"" and it was an experience.  It was 2 meals for us, and the leftovers were just as good the next day."
"I brought my boyfriend in for lunch/happy hour and we were lucky enough to get sat with Jay at the bar. I've been in the service industry for years and generally loathe dining out because I'm usually critiquing instead of enjoying. This instance was the exact opposite. I instantly felt at home and completely cared for thanks to Jay. His menu/cocktail knowledge was exceptional and we thoroughly enjoyed our visit. We'll definitely be back, thank you for an awesome experience!!!"
Corn bread is to die for!! Word of caution if you're dieting;STAY AWAY!  this place corrupts anyone's healthy eating habits lol!
"Great food! Loved the ""Whole Hog"" platter,Chicken,beef brisket,beef ribs,pork ribs! Best value for your money.
Catfish,roasted corn and mashed potatoes were good too!"
"I placed a huge to go order last Saturday. Being from the South, we have high expectations for BBQ. Bobby Q meets these expectations plus more! The service I received over the phone and when I picked up my order was superb. Justin went above and beyond. The food was excellent. The baby back ribs were falling apart tender and had a great flavor. The smokiness isn't overpowering and we enjoyed that. The pulled pork was some of the best we had. The chicken was wonderful and we really enjoyed the hot link sausage. All the sides were delicious as well as the cornbread. Dessert was very good also. Overall, we felt it was an excellent value for the quality of food and service. Thanks for not disappointing, Bobby Q!"
"back in town for spring training and we had to go back.
Alot of the time when you go back somewhere its never as good as the first time but not here. I ordred the brisket and its the best. The dont hide the meat with a gallon of sauce. they actually dont give you enough sauce. They dont need to because the meat is that good but most sauces are bad and you would actually want them to drence the meat with there sauce. Its hard to find great meat with great sauce. The mac n cheese was the best. good bread. I cant wait to go back to Phx to see family of course :-) This is also the place to be. came on a friday night and it took forever to get a table but the club/bar was jam packed."
"Since we're being completely honest and all, my husband and I were originally planning on going to Little Miss BBQ but found out mid uber ride that they weren't even open. But boy were we oh so happy that they were because we ended up finding Bobby Q's. 

Again, sticking to the whole honesty thing, we loved everything about this joint. From the moment we walked in and saw just how charming the venue was to the exceptionally good customer service they delivered, this place was on point. Our waiter even had the perfect balance of knowing when to check on us and when not to. He kept our drinks topped off and was so knowledgeable about everything they had. You could tell the staff took pride in working there.

We shared a dinner combo: ribs and top sirloin with a baked potato, mac n cheese, and roasted corn. We also shared their signature mud slide pie. Everything was good but let me break this feast down to my personal favorites:

The Ribs - I can totally see why they'd be dubbed ""World Famous"" for it. I mean, the meat literally falls right off the bone while maintaining the right amount of tenderness you can only find in a perfectly slow-smoked BBQ.

The Roasted Corn - I've never had anything like it. It's rich with buttery goodness and makes a stance with the char it leaves in your mouth long after you've digested. This is one of those sides that shouldn't even be a side, it's just. that. good. 

Bobby Q's, thank you for being open when all the competitors were closed - you guys have officially left me with a tasteful experience I will never forget."
This is my new favorite barbeque place in AZ. The whole hog platter was great from the ribs to the tender brisket. The sides were excellent too.  Loved the hot home made BBQ sauce also. The drinks and beer were awesome! Love that it's a locally owned Restuarant. Will be back for more.
"My friends and I were visiting Phoenix for Spring Training and staying at a near by hotel. As none of us were in a state to drive but desperately needed dinner we decided to check out Bobby Q. We were definitely worried about what we were getting ourselves into given the neighborhood surroundings but once we walked through the doors of Bobby Q we were pleasantly surprised.

The menu was incredible. Every BBQ option under the sun. All meals started with some great corn bread. The beer selection was phenomenal! We ordered a bunch of different things on the menu and loved every single one. Personally I had the rib combo plate and enjoyed every bite. My one regret was ordering the baked beans as one of my sides. It wasn't bad but just seemed average in comparison to everything else. Definitely get the mac and cheese!

This was definitely the best surprise of our trip and we will definitely be heading back next year!"
"On a return trip from Sky Harbor, we stopped there, at our daughter's request, to eat.  That meal was the best BBQ meal ever.   We shared about 5 different meats (sausage, pork ribs, beef ribs and brisket, and chicken) with several sides, including mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.  The beef ribs were OUTSTANDING!   Would definitely return."
"This was not on our must try list but I forgot why we ended up here. 

The bestie and I shared one plate of ribs with 2 sides. I must admit, their ribs were delicious and fall off the bones kinda thing but I'm not sure why he LOVES IT SO MUCH. He said it's the best ribs outta all the places that we've been to. Like Phils in San Diego. Or Everest Jones in Oakland. The sauce wasn't bad at all actually. It's not as sour compared to Phils BBQ. If you don't eat much, one full rack is good enough for 2. I thought it would be typical TGIFs or Claim Jumper or BJs ribs but it was much better than that! Well done with smoking the ribs because it wasn't that burnt like most places. I loveee their french fries, the skinny type! Delicioussss. 

Lovely service so that was 2 thumbs up!
It's nice to sit outside the patio but be careful with mosquito bites! 
We came early that day so it wasn't too crowded but it will be after 6P.M.
You get free donuts after you get the bill which is nice!
Lastly, check in for 10% off your bill!"
"We have saw the good reviews, so we decided to drop in and see it for ourselves. We went to the to go side and ordered to take home. I wish we wouldn't of waited so long. I ordered the pulled pork with shoestring fries and corn on the cob. My wife ordered the half rack ribs and same sides. My pulled pork was delicious and the spicy BBQ sauce is now my favorite sauce I have tried here in Phoenix. The ribs were awesome fall off the bone good. the corn tasted smoked as well best I have ever had, and the cornbread was great. By far the second best meat I have tried and best spicy BBQ sauce here back home love the volcano BBQ sauce at whole hog cafe. Portions were just the right amount to fill you up. Can't wait to try the sausage next time."
"really too good to try anywhere else. i think i will go somewhere else and give 'em a try, then the disappointment when they do not come close has sealed the deal for me. i will only do bobby q for bar be que from now on. 
until they slip up or something goes amiss i will give them my loyal patronage. they didn't even mess up a take out order, so any and every is top notch here in my little tasty intake. yummy in my tummy and that's a big tummy!"
"Ridiculously good! The food was amazing, the service was great and it has a really fun atmosphere! The donuts they give u at the end of your meal are fantastic (and free!). I'd recommend this place to everyone!"
"The most amazing bbq and restaurant in Phoenix. Do not let the neighborhood fool you! The atmosphere once inside is great and the workers are always on the ball and friendly. We eat lunch there once a week and sometimes on the weekend as well. The food is amazing and always fresh! I have to say that I have yet to eat something that I didn't like. 

Appetizers:Must have the Q-Rolls or the Spinach and Artichoke Dip
Sandwiches-Cant go wrong with the Brisket
Fully loaded baked potato is amazing!
Dinner-Filet Mignon or the Chicken Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes
Sides-MAC AND CHEESE PEOPLE! Corn or the Ranch Beans.

I think I should work for this company as I am very passionate about what they serve and the customer service.

IF you are looking for night life try the club that opens up after the restaurant closes. They provide bottle service and will even do balloons for the tables that you reserve. They have the most amazing street tacos that are served around midnight!

I hope that someone is reading this review and heading there now! Don't forget to try the amazing mini-doughnuts that are made fresh and served to you complimentary."
Food was Excellent. Highly recommend this place. The service was average but the food made up for it. Only thing to note is the dark lighting in some parts of the restaurant.
"Excellent BBQ!  We started with the brisket flautas and got the Hog Heaven.  I know some people said it might be enough for two, but it was more than enough for the two of us and we can eat.  On top of all that you get donuts at the end for free.  Great wait staff and manager.  Next time we are back in the area, we'll come back!"
BEST BBQ ON THE FACE OF EARTH! My boyfriend and I live for burgers and BBQ and this place we saw on yelp & by so many people telling us to go here and man did we love it! Went there for my birthday today & I got the half rack of ribs & he got the beef brisket sandwich and it was everything we hoped for and more! Best macaroni and cheese and just everything! I wish I lived closer and could go there everyday! Definitely recommend going there!!!!
"Ordered for Thanksgiving to supplement our traditional meals. Stood in line for about 45 minutes but so worth it! Mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, beans = yummy! Definitely will visit again!"
"Luv, Luhv, LOVE their Whole Hog platter.  It's always enough to feed my family.  2 types of ribs, 2 meats, and 3 sides.  The service is always friendly, though my server out in the patio wasn't as good as the other servers I've had there before.  I'll eventually have to go back there again and try some of their other offerings.  Great BBQ!"
"Great ambience, seated quickly, and the drinks and food came out super fast after we ordered. We got the Whole Hog Heaven--baby back ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, and brisket--to share between us two and we absolutely demolished that platter. In like 10 minutes. It was that good. Everything was incredible, ESPECIALLY the baby back ribs, and their BBQ sauce is my latest favorite. Our server, Tanner, was nice and attentive. They give you a little bag of donuts after, but I haven't tried them yet since there's literally no room for anything else in my stomach."
Over rated and over priced.  I have been in a hole in the wall much better places. The manager came to check the service as a job and not genuinely.
"Make reservations!  We got there at 6 pm on Sunday and had a 45 min wait.  It was my sons birthday so we didn't mind the wait.  We were seated and our server was right on top of getting out drinks. She took our order and  45 mins later our food finally came.  I watched other tables that had been seated after us by 20 mins receive their food long before ours ever came out.  Our server did finally come to tell us there had been a mix up and the manager would be out to explain and offer dessert for our inconvenience.  I figured another server had taken our plates. or Our ticket had been lost.  The place was mobbed so I do expect some inaccuracy.  The manager did come over and asked ""How is everything tasting""  and before we could empty our mouths to speak I put my thumb up and she did an about face and left.  It took 2 hours to get a table and food and less than 10 mins to eat.  We told the server the manager didn't even give us time to respond.  The manager came out and offered us dessert at no cost.  In the end our  entire meal was on the house.  I didn't expect that but they obviously wanted us back.    I'm sure we will give it another try because the food was exceptional..Although the grilled veggies were too greasy and over cooked."
Mac & cheese was to die for! I thought their chicken was try. I loved their drinks! And the servers were nice. I can go back :-)
The thing I love most about BobbyQ is their service! The staff is very friendly and attentive! Their ribs are honesty the best around Phoenix!
The ribs are the best! I ordered the three meat dish. The Mac and cheese side is a must try here. The staff is very friendly and quick to respond. Overall this is one of the best BBQ restaurants I've been too. Will come again if in the area.
"This place is really really good, but a little expensive as far as barbecue goes which is why I'm giving a 4 star as opposed to a 5 star. The service is TOP NOTCH too. Seriously- the service is amazing and I've never had a bad waiter or waitress and they are always super attentive. 

I haven't ever gotten anything I didn't like either.. thinking about their ribs is making me want some right now! The house made complementary donuts at the end of the meal are a really nice touch!!!"
"There is good and bad in my review. Ultimately I do not regret going here but I feel obliged to pass on the whole story.

So we were going to be in Phoenix for a few days for my son's birthday. Bobby Q was one of the restaurants that came up as a recommended place to eat. I was told when I looked them up on Urban Spoon that if I mention them that I would get 10% off, so I figure ""hey why not?"" I mention it to the waitress when we arrive and when we get our bill and nothing was done. Though 7 or 8 bucks really won't make or break me, if they think coming out a few bucks ahead is worth having that advertised on a site like this then I simply think that's a foolish way to conduct business - draw people in with a deal and then back out on it. That being said I did like the food there. It wasn't the cheapest meal but it also wasn't outrageous (I think about 70-80 for my wife, son, and I). We went with the one offer that was like $40 for a couple of different types of ribs, sides, and other meat products. We were honestly quite full and agreed our health would take a major hit if we were to eat like that on a regular basis. Pretty cool dcor in the place. I'd rate it higher but it does bug me with their false offers. Honour it or take it down. If you go in with that knowledge you'll probably more or less enjoy your dining experience."
"Complete jerks here. Not impressed.  Staff was rude, drinks overpriced (but expected). My phone was stolen out of my purse, and rudeness prevailed til the end. I'll never return."
"This place has delicious food! The ribs, sides, and cornbread are great, plus they give you little doughnuts for dessert! They give you a great amount of food for the price, very reasonable. The environment is classy but still very comfortable. And the service is on point! Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable, plus we had a manager check in on us as well. Great place and we will be back!"
"Wow! Bobby Q's is the place to go if you'd like a very nice barbecue dinner. The baby back ribs, pulled pork, and beef brisket were all succulent and tender. The cornbread, which is served before the meal, was a favorite of mine. The end of the meal concluded with a bag of cinnamon sugar doughnuts . What could be better?! It was a great meal. 

Hog heaven , which is a meal on the menu, is suggested to feed 2 or 3 people. But this can easily feed 4, especially if
You have no large eaters. ON Sunday's , they serve a Similar meal for a lower cost . 

My family was looking for a nice sit-down meal that was not far from Grand Canyon University, so we were excited to find such a Nice restaurant within 10 minutes of the college.  The food, as well as the atmosphere, gets 5 stars. We will definitely return!"
Awesome place!! The outside patio was great and the food even better. I had the baby back ribs they were perfection fall off the bone. My gf had the rotisserie chicken and she couldn't stop eating. We'll definitely be back!!
"My. Husband & I ate there tonight. We ordered a full rack of ribs. I had a side of mashed potatoes, skin on , hubby had a side of Brussels sprouts. To start off they bring two warm cornbread muffins. The ribs were awesome, fall of the bone. Have a enough for a dinner tomorrow!"
"Yumm-o

Loved the brisket, so tender and not fatty like most places.  My husband said that the potato salad is the best ever.  Definitely worth returning and would encourage anyone that likes good BBQ to go."
"Love this place because it has a nice relaxing atmosphere, with a great prices. I would expect to pay over 40 for two, but not here. My date loved the mac n' cheese here, and the bbq ribs were absolutely delicious. Our server was not that great i must say. Barely talked to us. Overall great place to go for a cheap yet, great BBQ feast"
Oh yeah BBQ! I don't think I consider Arizona the south so I didn't think there would be a delicious BBQ place in Phoenix but I was wrong. Bobby q's is great for date night good for kids good for groups. Service was good and BBQ was legit. Get the baby backs! Yum! Falls of the bone it was so good I'm sure I overate. For sides we really liked the pecan slaw and liked the spicy BBQ sauce. For those who don't drink alcohol they make a nice virgin strawberry pia colada. Loved this place!
Went here last week for a business lunch. Corn bread I'd fantastic. I had heard brisket sandwich and fries. All very good and I would recommend it.
"Stopped over in Phoenix during our travels and enjoyed an excellent meal at Bobby Q's. We had the beef ribs which were 4 large bones, shoe string fries and roasted corn along with a wedge salad. Everything was delicious and plenty for the two of us. Our server Hal was the best. He spent some time with us so we felt right at home. Easy access right off the freeway and plenty of parking. A great dining experience."
"Impeccable service & amazing BBQ is what your gonna find at this place. I have never had a restaurant manager come to our table to ask how our waitress was doing and ask if there was anything else we needed. I was totally impressed, but equally as impressed by the great service Alexis gave us. We started off with Q-rolls, followed by Boneless Fried Chicken and a Steak Sandwich. My Wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. Hands down, the best BBQ in Arizona !"
"I ordered Togo which was very fast. I must say that Jordan the cashier and order taker.. Jordan was very nice, polite, and made sure my order was correct.  The food was good just wish I knew how many beef ribs come in a full order, as I would have order on them."
"Took my wife for dinner and we shared the ""Whole Hog Heaven"" which included babyback ribs, st louis ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. The sides we had were fries, pecan cole slaw, and roasted corn.

All the food was outstanding with the brisket and babyback ribs being the standout meats. Least favorite was the pulled pork because there was a ton of fat in it but the meat had great flavor.

Highly recommend and we'll be back for sure."
OMG the little donuts were melt-in-your-mouth amazing! The baby back ribs were great - meaty and tender. The grilled veggies on the side were smoky and yummy. The service was attentive without being pesty. Even my dirty martini was well done!
"Not the best barbecue I have ever had, but I am a snob, so there you have it.
This is a great place to go with a group of people, or with family.

I wouldn't suggest coming here on a date or for girls night.

The baked potato was not special, but the beer is nice and cold, and they have options that aren't going to break the bank.  Plus the full plates are EASILY share-able."
"WOW, DELICIOUS!!! First I would like to compliment the host and our server Autumn, they were very polite and helpful and service was very attentive and in a timely manner. The wife and I decided to have lunch before our long drive home back to SO-CAL, she spotted the restaurant sign from the freeway and liked the clever lil Bobby Q name. So I yelped it and saw good reviews, so we gave it a try. The restaurant is not hard to find, it has nice size parking lot with lots of trees and shade. When you step out of the car you instantly get hit with the delicious smell of smoking BBQ! The building has that roadhouse feeling but a more family atmosphere,  the inside is very nice and clean, dim lit and once again very nice atmosphere.  I ordered my favorite BBQ dish, the pulled pork sandwich w/ mac n cheese as my side with a lemonade.  The wife had the beef brisket and the BBQ chicken with the pecan coleslaw and mashed potatoes as her side. While we waited for our meals they brought us some delicious corn bread that must have been freshly made, it was warm and sweet. So moist you could cut it with your fork and eat it like a pastry, leaving you wanting more after the last bite. Our food came shortly after we finished the cornbread so it had to be between 5-10mins from when we gave Autumn our orders. The smell was devine and the food presentation was very nice, not like your typical BBQ joints, it seemed a lil more fine dining, the quantities are more controlled , not just slapped on the plate in mass amounts. I first dipped into the mac n cheese and I'll tell you I could have stopped right there and not have tasted another thing and I would have left a happy customer, best mac n cheese I've ever had!!! Next I took a bite of my pulled pork sandwich and it did not disappoint. The bun it was served on was fresh and warm, the pork was succulent and smokey,  sauce was sweet and tangy which complimented the smoked pork.  The wife and i sampled eachothers food and every single bite was fresh, succulent, savory and absolutely delicious.  Hands down the best BBQ I have ever eaten!!! The only thing I can complain about is we don't have a Bobby Q's over here where I live in Diamond bar, California.
P.S. 
My wife says, she thinks there should be a Barbie Q in California, we will have to make Phoenix a regular trip until then though."
"Having read the high reviews of this place, I've been wanting to make the drive over from the East Valley for a while now to give it a go.  Not only were we more than impressed, it's definitely now on the list of must-have BBQ, even if it is a 45 minute drive away from us!

First off, I was looking forward to the cornbread since so many people have commented on it.  It was right on par - I even caught my picky 8 year old licking his plate to get all of the crumbs, which is a first.

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese, my husband had the sausage and brisket with mac and cheese and fries and my son ordered the mac and cheese as his entire meal (notice a theme).  Soooo many people have commented on their mac that I made sure to mention it and we all ended up ordering it and loved it.  Even though it was absolutely fantastic, that wasn't the highlight.  My pulled pork sandwich was the best I have ever had and I finished that thing off without it ever being put down.  The meat was fall-apart tender and the sauce was a perfect blend of flavors for me (oh look, now I'm salivating again).  My husband loved his sausage and brisket and is already working on figuring out what he is going to order the next time.

Then there's the staff, everyone was extremely friendly and made you really feel welcome.  Our server (Victoria?) was very sweet and perfectly attentive.  Overall though, the place just really made you comfortable.

I would be remiss if i didn't mention the 'Thank Q's' doughnuts.  What a fun idea!  They are just the finishing touch on a great meal, great service and great experience!"
"Always a great BBQ at BobbyQ.   The brisket is so delicious - cannot wait to return!   Our group tried the ribs, pulled pork and brisket and we were one happy bunch!   Staff is friendly and efficient.  Will return again and again.  Love sitting outside in the winter!"
Over all the food was great. The lemonade was too sweet with more sugar on the rim. Not a big fan. You really can't taste the actual lemon. Sangria was delicious and services was great. And you get free mini donuts.
"What a great BBQ place! Would definitely recommend the Brisket, pulled pork and Mac n cheese. The service was great as well, Kodi had no problem handling a table of eight. Plus they give you complimentary mini donuts at the end :)"
"Ohhhh where do I begin??? The weekend is usually a tough time for my wife and I. We scour Yelp! all day to find the perfect new place to go out to eat on a Saturday night. On this particular Saturday it was my turn to choose the spot. I was in the mood for BBQ, but was some what tired of the usual places on our list. Well then came Bobby Q's! Coming from the Surprise area it was an easy ride down Olive to Black Canyon Hwy. As stated several times already, the place is somewhat hard to spot as it i set back from the road with limited signage, but we made it into the lot on our second pass. It was about 6:30 and we didn't have reservations, but fear not! The wait we were told would only be about 20 minutes. The time came and went however no open table. The greeter apologized for the delay, but offered for us to wait in the VIP lounge for a drink and free onion block appetizer. We no sooner go our drink and the table was ready! Everything was moved over to our table and away were went to enjoy our dinner. The service was as good as it gets, A+! My wife went for the Smoasted Chicken with sides of baked potato, and roasted corn. I opted for the slow roasted beef brisket sandwich, and a side of mac and cheese. Once the server brought over the onion block, and corn bread we wee set. The onion block was fantastic and big enough for up to three people. The corn bread was perhaps the best I was had in all of Arizona! My wife rated her chicken dish an 8 and sides a 8 as well. When all was said and done...she was STUFFED! As for myself, the sandwich was just big enough to satisfy my apatite, and was delivered just as the menu stated! Deeeeelishous! As for the mac & cheese...have you ever had something so good it cold buckle your knees? Yeah, it was THAT good! No matter what you order from the menu, get a side of mac & cheese! As we finished up the owner himself came over to our table to see how our experience went. The OWNER! Not some manager, but the man himself! When all was said and done the bill came to just under $30. I did not order a Alcohol based drink, only Dr. Pepper, but they too looked top notch from those around us who indulged. Bottom line is this place is now my favorite BBQ spot in the valley, and given the chance it will be yours too!"
"Pretty damn good BBQ.  The cornbread that comes before the meal is also delicious.  I like that it is closer to where I live, because I usually have to drive further to get to a decent restaurant."
"I didn't try their food but the drinks did not dissapoint! We definitely had fun, the music was great and the staff was on top of it! As far as price goes I do think its reasonable compared to other places we have been to!"
"I've had BBQ in California, Texas and Kansas, Booby Q is the best I've ever had . Fall off the bone short ribs with amazing flavor, beef ribs were perfect, even their grilled veggies were the best I've had at a restaurant. Way to go Bobby ! Oh ya, and thanks for  helping me meet my wife in 1992."
Best BBQ in Phoenix.  Jessica our waitress was friendly and very helpful.  A clutch go to dinner where service and food is amazing.
Great smokehouse food and side dishes.  Left happy.  Chicken and brisket are excellent.
"Growing up, Bobby McGee's Restaurant used to be a staple eatery that my family and friends loved. We knew we could get good food and enjoy a setting that was colorful, eclectic, and maybe even charming in its own special way... if that's not too far-fetched..all at the same time. Once I moved onto college, and others went their separate ways, we all forgot about Bobby McGee's. It would often be a topic that would arise at a dinner convo, ""What ever happened to that one place we used to go to near 27th Avenue and Northern?"" But that was all that ever materialized.

Luckily, I was reunited with this restaurant, now known as Bobby-Q's. It has since transitioned into a Kansas City/Texas mixture type barbecue, but still a great atmosphere! After a long day of rock climbing, my friends and I were famished and they suggested getting barbecue. Once we arrived, all the memories started flooding back of this place, and I love what it's become. The barbecue is really good! It's actually one of my favorites, I'm surprised to say. Three of us shared the Whole Hog Heaven, which is a major platter where you can choose 2 ribs, 2 meats, and 3 sides. Our selections: the Baby Back ribs, the beef ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, potato salad, macaroni and cheese, and grilled veggies. The rib meat was tender and ""fall off the bone"" type texture. The  baby back ribs were by far my favorite of the bunch. 

While waiting for our order, our group also shared the smoked brisket Q-rolls with chipotle dip. These were really delicious but kind of reminded me of eating a mini chimi since the phylo dough was so flaky and crispy. There was a small heap of roasted corn served on the plate as well that was super smoky in flavor. 

Even though it is the middle of winter, the patio was still very comfortable since all the heaters overhead were on. There is a metal waterfall sculpture that extends the entire length of the patio so it is very soothing and entertaining to have the sound of ""rain"" behind you as you're eating outside. Ashlynn, our waitress, was very accommodating to our large group of 7 that even included 3 super energetic kids. She even treated us with extra doughnuts at the end when we were finishing our meal. We will definitely return again and again to Bobby Q's!"
Off the beaten path and the looks are deceiving.   Food and service was awesome.  Ribs were awesome along with service from Ashleigh.
"Yay..my first review!

Bobby Q will not disappoint you. This place has a spacious parking lot and street parking which makes coming here pretty convenient. The hostess was pleasant and our waiter was very patient with us.

I highly recommend the St Louis style ribs. All the ribs are cooked for 10+ hours so they fall right off the bone and melt in your mouth. If you're looking for something much bigger for 2+ people to share and want to try a variety of items, Whole Hog Heaven is for you! Keep in mind the name, because that's exactly what you're getting. It's a heavenly plate of four types of meat along with three sides. We got mac n cheese (good but not great), shoe string fries (yum!), and roasted corn (ok).  *sigh*..I'm still stuffed thinking about it. 

Oh, don't forget to mention Yelp and get 10% off!"
BBQ to remember! This was really very good. I had two beef ribs and brisket. The meat was smoked and tender. The BBQ sauce was delicious. The sides were creative and tasty. This is a destination restaurant. I would go out of my way to eat here.
"This place was amazing! The food was delicious and the service was the best! Justin served us, and he was absolutely amazing. He knew it was our first time here, and he did a great job making is fall in love with the place. I rarely get good service when I go out to eat, so I was excited when I got GREAT service here. If the food was mediocre (and it's not) I'd still come back because it was such an enjoyable experience. 

But the food! I had the pulled pork sandwich with potato salad and Mac n Cheese. Everything was just great. If you still have room in your belly after the meal, get the donuts!! Get them! You won't regret it."
"Outstanding food. Make sure to wear stretchy pants because you will walk out of this restaurant 10 pounds heavier. One of the best BBQ places I've ever tried. I highly suggest making a reservation because it can get busy in there. I've gone with friends and we share the ""Whole Hog Heaven"" which gives you the opportunity to try 4 different meats on their menu plus 3 sides. But the best part is defitnitely their bbq sauce so make sure to ask for extra because they will gladly give it to you! Their roasted corn is my favorite side dish and the mac and cheese is really good too. 

Also, try the Q-rolls as a starter. The chipotle dip is delicious! And make sure to get an order of the cornbread too..you won't regret it!"
"We picked Bobby Q's based on other Yelp reviewers. We were in town for the Mom Made Market in Scottsdale and wanted to take my husband out for some BBQ for his bday. We had reservations for 7:30 but came earlier and they sat us right away. Can't remember our waitress's name but she was so sweet and attentive. You get free cornbread with your order and they kept refilling it for us...my kids loved it! We got the spinach artichoke queso to start and it was amazing!!! Slightly spicy but not overly. Too spicy for my 7 year old but he's a wimp. My 8 year old loved it. My husband got the brisket sandwich with potato salad as his side. He says what makes a good BBQ place is how good their beef brisket is and their potato salad. (He's Texas born). He said both got 2 thumbs way up. They offer 2 sauces....spicy and original. The original was really sweet and the spicy not very but really good. I'd recommend that one. I got Bobby's salad and it had roasted chicken, goat cheese, apple, walnuts, cranberries, celery and came with a Dijon vingerette. It was so huge and so good. I hate when salads don't have very much ""stuff"" in them. Every bite was more than lettuce. It was so big and I couldn't finish it and even down to my last bite, plenty of chicken, cranberries and cheese. Both my kids got the kids BBQ sandwich with shoestring fries. I can't believe their meals were kids sized! Sandwiches had tons of chicken and sauce and a huge mound of fries. AND you get free warm cinnamon donuts at the end of your meal!!!!! If we are ever back in the Phoenix area, we'd definitely come again. Oh and the patio (where we ate) had lights stringed everywhere and a cool fountain. Great vibe out there. Perfect way to celebrate my babe's birthday."
"Had a business lunch there...we both had pulled pork, we both enjoyed it, therefore one dimensional review.

Recommended it to my daughter & son-in-law,  don't know what they ate, but, they liked it...hopefully not pulled pork ;)"
"I'm baaaackkkk! And all is still great. Service and food.
The service really shined on this visit. The food just speaks for itself. Just go. You can't go wrong."
"My family went here on a trip up to Flagstaff and are now ruined on barbeque. The prices were very reasonable, the portions big, the flavors fantastic, and the draft beers thirst-quenching. I don't think I'll ever have ribs that good again. Our server and the bartender were very attentive. If you must go here, be sure to mention Yelp for 10% off your order. We had the Whole Hog Heaven ($38) and Q-Rolls ($9), which were more than enough for four people. The Amber Ale, available in 21 oz glasses, is a good pairing. The ambiance is noticeably better than Chilli's, but not pretentious. Stopping here was a highlight of our trip."
"Visiting from Vegas and always heard of this place and finally gave it a try. And I was not disappointed at all, from the service to the food it was all amazing. We had reservations and still had to wait an extra 15min due to computer malfunctions. But the manager JACK came over right away to apologize and offer us free dessert. Ordered the hog platter which was more than enough for 2 people. I don't eat pork and the beef ribs were fantastic. Also our food came out within 15mins of ordering it. Highly recommend it to everyone"
"Best BBQ that I have had in Phoenix. Many of my coworkers share the same opinion. It is a little bit more expensive than some BBQ places, but only slightly, and you definitely get what you pay for. The quality of food is better, and I've never had a bad customer service experience there."
"All crappy restaurant owners should take note. Bobby Q is basically a textbook example of how to successfully run a restaurant properly.    

Bobby's claims it was voted the Best BBQ in the US, although I'm not sure of their source? Nevertheless, I'd have a hard time arguing, as it definitely sets the bar extremely high. We've been here several times and have never had a bad meal. In fact, virtually everything we've tried on the menu seems to be done correctly. 

The pulled pork, which is my preferred way to eat BBQ, always manages to impress me with its flavor. For sides, I've had the mashed potatoes and the mac and cheese, which is far superior to that low-grade sludge they try to get away with dishing out at all of these other places in Phoenix. Even their fries are better than you'd expect.

The place is decorated to the point where, if I didn't know any better, I would have wrongfully assumed it was a chain restaurant. But yet, I like that, despite their popularity, they haven't decided to branch out and open up 20 different locations all over the city (and I actually hope they never do for quality and consistency purposes).

I've always wondered if their steaks are equally as good as their BBQ, but I've never wanted to sacrifice the taste of a great pulled pork sandwich in order to find out. And we're always so full after our meals that we've never been able to try some of their desserts. Based on their Yelp pictures, it seems like many people are in the same boat.

But, like all business owners should know, it's the little things that go a long way. The complimentary cornbread you receive before your meal is both unique, yet extremely well done. Oh, and that's not all. On your way out, you also get treated to a little bag of their homemade donuts, which you can often spot being made whenever you first walk in. I've said many times that it's little touches like that keep customers coming back - and it most definitely works. It's not rocket science and I'm amazed that other restaurants have failed to adopt this well-received approach.

Easily one the best BBQ experience in all of Phoenix and a great all-around business!"
Service was excellent & the food was outstanding! The regular BBQ sauce is delicious along with the cornbread. They are voted the number 1 BBQ place in the nation and they lived up to that!
"It was a rough day today and I needed comfort food.  There are takeout parking spots out front (yay, thank you!) so carry out was super easy.  There are few places where I'll shell out $25 for a meal (it was more like two very full meals!).  The carryout host was super friendly and I only waited a few minutes for my bbq.  

Delicious!!  THE MAC N CHEESE IS AWESOME!!  (I know there's Velveeta in there!)  It isn't some food-servicey lumpy, watery crap.  So creamy and just melted in my mouth.  Meat was tender and not covered with fat like other bbq places.  I have at least one more meal with my leftovers."
"On our recent trip here I decided to try the Southern Fried Chicken. It was very juicy and extremely tasty. The chicken was also boneless which made it very easy to eat. The chicken was also skinless but still had their own ""skin"" on it with their seasonings. Very tasty indeed! It came with a side of white gravy which was perfect to drizzle on top or dunk in each bite. The piece of chicken was quite large so I definitely have left overs. I again had to have the side of their mac n cheese as it's so yummy."
"After my bf's graduation, him, his friends, his parents and I decided to have lunch here. This was my first time here but according to my bf this place is pretty good and he talked about it so many times that I thought I actually been here before. Well I finally got to try it.

I ordered the Platter since I really wanted to try more than just one type of meat if this is the only time I get to try it - so with the platter you get to select three types of meat plus one side. I ordered the beef brisket, bbq chicken (I requested the leg and thigh since I'm not a big fan of the breast) and sausage with the pecan cole slaw as the side. It also comes with corn bread. 

They served us all the corn bread in a basket first and it was the softest corn bread I've ever had but it had a soft buttery taste - kind of just melted in your mouth - I really liked it. When my platter came I was somewhat disappointed because they gave me ribs instead of the sausage - but it was alright because I ended up really liking the ribs. It wasn't a lot of meat but the flavor was good. What I really really liked was the beef brisket. It was the softest beef brisket I have ever had. It was amazing because it was so easy to chew and the flavor was also very good. The BBQ chicken was okay - I liked it just because I could request for dark meat pieces but it didn't really have that strong of a BBQ taste. The coleslaw on the other hand was my least favorite. It wasn't very tasty and it lacked dressing too. 

The services was pretty good - our waitress was friendly. The place itself was surprising dim - for a BBQ place and one thing I notice was usually when you step into a BBQ restaurant you would get hit in the face with a smokey bbq-y kind of smell however not here. When I stepped into the dining area - I didn't really smell any of that meaty bbq aroma - and not only that but my clothes didn't even absorb the smell of the restaurant. This isn't a good or bad thing - just an observation. 

Overall I really enjoyed my lunch - for 13.99 the platter was fairly priced since everything on the menu (from sandwiches to salads to platters) was ranged around 10-14 dollars a plate."
"Great BBQ, good burgers, possibly the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten.  GO there NOW!"
Best barbecue food I have ever had.  It's more of an upscale barbecue restaurant which is unique. Whenever I am in Phoenix it is a must that I stop in and get there barbecue beef brisket sandwich.
"Above scale BBQ.  The atmosphere is more upscale than the typical cowboy BBQ restaurants.  This is refreshing.  Prices are very fair with extra large portions.  My wife and I easily share entres with food left to go.  Flavor is smokey in a good way.  Of course the meats are very tender from slow smoking.  The wait staff tends to be on the younger side, so may get terrific service or marginal.  Management and kitchen seem to be more consistent than the wait staff.  But, don't let this keep you from the restaurant, the food and atmosphere are tops."
"Mediocre at best.  Overpriced for what it was.  Meat was not smoked, tasted like it was boiled.  BBQ sauce was good."
Must try by far the best barbecue you could ever eat will not be a disappointment!!!!!!!!!! And a shout out to our awesome waitress MARA she was absolutely incredible drinks where never empty and always checked on us !!! So glad our friend told us to come try this place...
"~ OMG ~ We had friends from California come visit for Spring Training. We wanted to impress them with the BEST restaurant we could think of. Hands down, it's Bobby Q's! There were 6 of us, so we ordered 2 Hog Heaven Platters, 1 Onion Block, Q rolls, & dessert. Man oh man did we make a good impression. They loved everything. Colby was our server, and she was sooo nice. Awesome food,and awesome service, is why this place is our favorite restaurant in Phoenix."
Love this place! We were on our way home from Tombstone and read the reviews on this place from Yelp and we had to stop by. I ordered the pulled bbq chicken sandwich with Mac n cheese and it was delicious! John was our server and he was super friendly! He was on it with the refills l! Towards the end of the meal the manager came by and talked to us. I highly recommend this place!
"I came here because it was on Yelp's 100 reviewed restaurants in USA. I feel this place does not deserve the hype it receives and the food comes off as glorified food truck distributor food. 

I was pretty hungry being on the plane all day, so I figured I would order a ton of food. For starters, I ordered the Q Rolls and Cajun Shrimp. Of course I had to try their cornbread they give out for free. I went with two orders of the three meat combo which includes pulled pork, brisket, ribs, sausage, and chicken.
The Q Rolls are definitely the few highlights of the meal. They were meaty, greasy, and a satisfying crunch on the outside. The queso dip that comes with it makes it even better. The cajun shrimp were Ok, but Im a dummy thinking arizona is going to have good shrimp. The cornbread was really moist. I was only going to have one bite, but ended up having half of the entire piece. Now for the meats. Dont get me wrong as I highly critisize the meal. This is much better than Rudy's or Dickey's (gross). But I was expecting something on the same line as Lockhart, TX (which I foolishly continue to expect when going to so claimed 'amazing' barbecue joints.) THe ribs were fall of the bone (not my favorite style, although some people like that). The pulled pork was soggy. The brisket had some good points, but the bark was soggy (they probably use foil to speed up the cooking process). The sausage was OK, but nothing special. It certainly could have been spicier. The chicken totally took me by surprise. It was moist, tender, and had a nice smoke to it. Normally I wouldnt order chicken over the usual trinity, but they do a good job. All the meats had this sweet taste to it, and didnt have much of a strong smoke flavor (besides the chicken). The BBQ sauce on the table just added to the sweetness. 

The sides were all crap, expect the mac and cheese. That was actually pretty good. Everything else lacks any real flavor or craft. For dessert, they gave us some in house donuts. I like the idea of this, but they are arent that spectacular. My friend wanted coffee, even after the waiter said it as horrible. It was probably the most watery coffee Id ever tasted. I know coffee is not something someone should order at a BBQ joint, but at least you know ahead of time.

I imagine people who think this place is amazing either eat bbq from dickeys or have never visited Texas. Either way, I wouldnt come back here again on my own time and would advise anyone you can to go to Little Miss BBQ instead. Thats how BBQ should be."
"I went there last night for Happy Hour (which is available in their lounge section). Let me say the food was WOW. I kept hearing about this place's food and finally decided to go try it myself. My boyfriend and I were surprised how dead the lounge was, as we both have been there on Friday and Saturday nights and the place is packed. Anyway, they offer 1/2 price appetizers from 4-8 Tuesday-Friday. We ordered their Jumbo Wings, asked if they come with a medium sauce, waitress said no. So I asked for sauce on the side, as I don't like very spicy food. Also ordered a brisket quesadilla and beer fries. The wings were very big, all drumsticks. Perfectly fried, very meaty, and their wing sauce is not too spicy, it was delicious. Perfect wing sauce I say, not too thick or thin, full of flavor, with a little kick. Excellent. The brisket quesadilla was huge, very meaty, and the meat inside was perfectly tender. The beer fries, oh the fries! The waitress told me about them, they are not on the menu, you have to ask for them. They were the best I've ever had. For fries, you don't expect much. They're fries for God's sake, but these fries are something to talk about. Crisp, flavorful, salty with a little sweet. Definitely a must try! I'm excited to actually go eat in the restaurant section next time! DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Very friendly staff. Food was excellent. The meat on the baby back ribs fell right off the bones. Serving size is huge, full rack of ribs can serve 2. The portions for sides were big too. Mac and cheese could of been a meal by itself. Overall, great dining experience."
"Amazing!!! Good service, good food, good drinks! Jessica was so helpful and friendly. Enjoyed having her as our server!!!"
"I was in Phoenix for a NASCAR race earlier this year and went to this place. Wow, I don't know where to start!!! Our waitress Stacy or maybe staci was awesome!!! All of the food was amazing but you must try the q rolls!!!!"
"We have lived in Phoenix for 10+ years and have driven by Bobby Q hundreds of times as we have driven down I-17.  Finally we stopped in yesterday and WOW!  The atmosphere, service (thanks Jo), and especially the food which was nothing less than phenomenal! My steak was better than any steak I've eaten at any major steak house. Ribs were incredible, and their sides are amazing. Great portion sizes, and you get a lot of food for their prices. The hard part was actually finding out how to get there from off I-17; the Dunlap exit is the key to success!  We cannot wait to return."
This is the best restaurant I've been to in Phoenix. Everything there was top notch! Once seated the service is quick and friendly. Definitely a place that I will come back to.
"Came in last night for my boyfriend's birthday & it was amazing! We were sat right away, the food came out quickly & the staff was very friendly! I used to live in San Diego where our #1 bbq place was Phill's Bbq & this place has beat it BY FAR! We will be back!"
It's been a while since I ate there but went with friends who go there once a week (at least).  The food was wonderful...anything on the menu was a good choice and everything I tasted was delicious!! Great job people.
"Rude staff. The manager is a self important moron who believes that his word is God's law. The bouncers are rude for no reason, and even when it was clearly before the time that covers get charged, they charged a cover. Never go here."
"This used to be Bobby Magee's (spelling?) and we used to come here as kids! Same owner, different concept. They cure their meats in house and have an open fire pit to
Smoke meats. 

Very friendly staff who brought out my nieces food right away (she has diabetes so this is very important!). Great atmosphere for kids since it gets a bit loud. Food was delicious, especially pulled pork sandwich. Love the corn, the Mac and cheese is very cheesy, so be careful. Love their cornbread! I'll definitely come back."
Amazing food and bbq. Service was awesome and the price was good for the food. Beef ribs are the best big and full of beef. St. Louis ribs come right of the bone without a problem.
"Overall really good restaurant. A little hard to see off the road. Had a big party and they were pretty on top of things. Nice wait staff and clean restaurant. The food seemed like it sat for a while before it hit our table. I'm sure it would have been a lot better but it tasted like we were eating take out. I was really looking forward to this place bc of all the great reviews, and BBQ is the birthday boys favorite. Unfortunately multiple people in our group said the same thing about the food."
We came in for a late lunch and found the staff and food to be exceptional! It was the first day of our spring training vacation and it couldn't have been a better meal. The manager even came up to make sure there wasn't anything else they could do to make our experience even better. Would definitely recommend the ribs to those who visit Bobby Q's.
Great food great service always our favorite place to come! We live in Ca and come all the way here just for some Bobby Q!
"Best BBQ in Phoenix.  The ribs, the pulled pork, brisket, it's all awesome.  BUT........ the mac & cheese........... it's addictive!  The best I have ever had anywhere EVER!!  My husband tried to steal a bite once & he nearly lost a digit!  The ""Thank Q's"" at the end of your meal are a cute touch.
  They do have a full bar in the restaurant, as well as a lounge.
If you love BBQ, or even like it just a little bit......... you have to check this place out!"
"Went on a Friday night. Went to the bar/happy hour while waiting about 40 mins for our dinner table, for a party of 3. The outside bar area patio seating was soaked because of leaking misters. And inside the bar was insanely loud.

Food was good. I had the roasted chicken and I wouldn't order it again...I'd try something else. It wasn't cold, but it wasn't fresh off the grill hot either. Baked potato was delicious, and roasted veggies were great. Corn bread was great. The food definitely tasted home-cooked. Not too greasy, and not too fatty. My meal was $13, almost the cheapest main course option. Nor sure it's worth the price.

I would have only given Bobby Q's 2 stars, but the servers were awesome - they were attentive and fast, and they gave our table an extra bag of mini-donuts for free. I give an extra star for that.

If I'm not paying, I'll gladly visit Bobby Q's again one day."
Excellent service and food is above and beyond expectations. Place is always packed so make sure you make reservations or plan ahead. Totally worth the wait! You have to try the Q-Rolls
"Amazing food, amazing service, nice atmosphere. What else do you expect? Definitely coming back for more. Officially one of my favorite spots now after the first time."
"Made a reservation on line for a Friday dinner, and arrived to a very packed parking lot but they had someone at the entrance assisting in the lot and we quickly parked and were at our table within minutes.  The server quickly took our order and was very helpful.  My 3 meat dish (sausage, chicken and Brisket) was excellent as was my wife's rotisserie chicken. Leftovers made a great lunch the next day.  The server was attentive and brought us our check promptly.  The gratuity guide at the bottom of the Bill is a bit tacky, but the Food and service is great!  We will be back."
"I have to agree with the other fantastic ratings
I love the food

I'm not sure I'd ever go to the lounge/club in the back...

However, the food is excellent.  

The spicy queso dip as an appetizer is something I dream about at nighttime

When you receive your bbq, you also get hot and regular bbq sauce on the side.  I love the hot.  Mmmmmm

The cornbread is awesome, the roasted corn side is awesome, the mac and cheese side is awesome.

The sides are so good I could almost just eat those.  

So yeah, yay bbq!"
"I have not been here in a long time, and man Bobby Q's has really stepped up their game. Same location, same awesome feel with better food and service.

We had a great time! The baby back rips were spot on, the pulled pork was nice and moist, and the brisket had very little fat on it. The side were all fantastic as well. Extra cheesy Mac and Cheese and fluffy mashed potato's. This was all washed down with there house beer, which was a Red from Sedona Brewing. No complaints at all on the food.

The service was also great! My pops was in town from Florida so we all went out and our server was more then accommodating the kids and all of our needs. He did a fantastic job, and had several other tables besides ours. 

Plus you get a little bonus before and after your meal. Bonus number 1, 10% off your bill when you do a yelp check in. Bonus 2, corn bread brought to you before your meal. Bonus 3, after your meal you get cinnamon  donuts. 

I am looking forward to going back and thankfully this is one of the few BBQ places that is a reasonable distance from my house."
"Awesome spot and very good BBQ! The brisket is tender and cooked perfect, the portion is great! Also the rotisserie chicken is vey good! Service is superb!! Our waiter Jay was extraordinary! Went out of his way to make our night special.. Stay for the club later it reminds me of the LA club scenes in the 90's! Jesse is the best!! Fantastic night!"
I have been here several times before but today was the first time I have eaten here. I love the happy hour buffet on Fridays. The cornbread served at the beginning was excellent. I had the pulled pork sandwich and macaroni and cheese as the side. The pulled pork was great but I didn't care for the mac and cheese. The pasta was overcooked and mushy. The fries were great though. Thr donuts at the end were really good too. Our waitress was very friendly and made sure we had everything. I would definitely go back!
"We had dinner there with our 2 year old daughter. The food was delicious. I highly recommend the Q rolls as an appetizer. Our waitress was very friendly, honest and knowledgeable about the menu. The manager asked how our meal was and noticed our daughter was getting restless. He told us it would be fine to let her run around. Obviously a kid friendly place! We also noticed the manager comped food for an active military man in his uniform. Can't get better than that!"
"(4 stars for my overall smokehouse favorites, 5 stars for PHX up to this point) 
On my continual quest for savory smoked, grilled and BBQ goodness, I decided to stop in. I initially entered the ""Q Lounge"" to check out the Happy Hour which obviously has a huge following and offered a HH buffet and numerous drink specials. While interesting and entertaining, I wasn't feelin' it so after about an hour, I wandered back into the main restaurant. Taking a seat at the bar I ordered up a rather potent and tasty Margarita and looked over the menu. 

Decisions....this looked promising. The wonderful smoke aroma mildly permeating the restaurant gave me further hope that I was getting into something good. Opting for the 2 meat combo with brisket and sausage with roasted corn and mac n cheese on the side, I was looking forward to the meal. 

Served relatively quickly, I stuck my fork into the mac n cheese. I was told it had 5 cheeses. It was quite rich with a very Velveeta like palate and a slight tang of cheddar. The corn was truly roasted, cut off the cob and served up neatly in a bowl. The brisket was tender, smokey and amazing. Well marbled, not too lean and not too fatty. The smoked sausage was not overly smoked, well seasoned and with just enough bite (I will have to try the jalapeno variety next time to compare). 
The serving size was plentiful. And I had enough left over for the next day! 
[Still not Rudy's....my quest continues.]"
Just as delicious as it was five years ago! Jessica was our waitress and took excellent care of us! We split the hog heaven and almost finished it. The brisket melts in your mouth! And the doughnuts...no matter how full I am they are a sweet finale!!
"This place has been reviewed by so many, nothing I could say would be original. Glad we read other reviews.  Loved the mac and cheese and corn. The side potato came with tasty real bacon.   Rib eye was cooked perfectly.  The ribs were excellent.  We consumed enough calories for a week.  The portions are so large, we have leftovers for breakfast.  This was a wonderful Valentine's dinner.  Not good for the health but a yummy once in a while treat.  Oh and the draft beer was extremely favorable!"
"This is some seriously good barbecue.  I had the two meat platter and I chose baby back ribs and chicken.  My sides were mac and cheese and ranch beans.  The ribs were meaty and fall-off-the-bone tender, slathered in a tangy sauce.  They were pretty impressive.  I love smoked chicken when it is done right, and this was top notch.  The bird was well-seasoned, smoky, and still maintained edible skin on the outside.  The mac and cheese was great, I could probably eat a whole portion of it for dinner.  The ranch beans were good, but rich, a little bit goes a long way.  I was very pleased with my meal at Bobby Q.  Thanks!"
"It was good, not over the top great.  We had the smoked brisket.  It was tender with good flavor but fatty.  I had two slices that were pure fat.  I mentioned that to our server and it was shrugged off. The Mac and cheese was nice and creamy.  Veggies were just ok.  The best part was the little donuts they brought us at the end of the meal.  I won't order the brisket again. The atmosphere is really cool.  Enough so that I may try happy hour."
"Great BBQ! the Babyback ribs, just fall off the bone! The place had a great atmosphere, great service and great food. Would highly recommend!"
"Sooooooooooo beyond disappointed, this was by far our worst restaurant experience since we've stepped off our plane. The ratings are completely false, has anyone in this area ever tasted gourmet Mac n Chz because that stuff that they serve called Mac n Chz is the worst I've tasted in a long time. The chicken, well can you just say extremely bland & beyond dry. Let's not forget to mention the calamari slash fish sticks, are you serious Mr. Bobby Q because being a Floridian that was definitely not the calamari that we're used to. A Florida restaurant would be closed down if they served crap like that. The only thing we left confused with are the ratings, come in fellow yelpers you're supposed to keep it real & you guys are just disillusioned."
Worst customer service this evening!! Which was none. We sat at our table for 10 minutes with no server coming to our table. After a table behind us had people seated and within 2 minutes they had a server take their drink orders. We got up and left. We won't be returning.
"Let's start from the outside! It's adorable with a big patio with trees, water fixtures and a fireplace.  The service from the time you walk in until you leave is on point and friendly.  Our server Jeremiah was fantastic he told us about the restaurant and about the BBQ and how it is prepared. Inside is warm with a western cowboy theme.  Now here's the rub....I don't like barbecue! So what was I doing there? I was with two relatives from KC who are BBQ enthusiasts.  They split the two meat platter with 2 sides and they also added a salad. They said the pulled pork was fantastic! The brisket was good but not fall off the bone melt in your mouth like some, they concluded it must have just been that batch.  I ordered the smokehouse burger with no BBQ sauce and sauted mushrooms on the side.  The burger is huge! And includes onion strings and thick thick bacon.  It was juicy and cooked perfect medium probably one of my top 10 burgers ever! The ""secret sauce"" which is usually some terrible aioli or thousand island concoction, theirs is a garlic butter on the toasted bun, so good.  Shoestring fries the best I ever had, some places they are so thin all you taste is grease not here.  How is it that I hate BBQ and this is one of my new favorite restaurants??"
"Sorry, I gotta write the review before I decide on the stars.  I've been wanting to go to Bobby's for a long time.  Finally made it for dinner last week.  We had a reservation - and I'd sure recommend it for dinner - and were seated right on time.  Think we were in the main room, back by the take-out room.  A little noisy.  Very good waitress.  Cornbread was amazing....next time that's all I'm going to order. 

Ok, down to deciding.  I guess my main complaint was that nothing tasted particularly smoked.  The brisket was good, but if it was smoked as long as they claim, there should have been more smoke - there was just a narrow, light ring.
The sides were excellent.  The wine was good, the people were very friendly.

I will go again...want to try it for lunch.  So I've decided.  Next time I really hope it's a 4 or 5."
"Best of the valley award winning and deservingly so. Nice attmosphere, great service, and most importantly AMAZING food.  Portions are large enough to share.  Craving great bbq, give this spot a try. You won't be disappointed!"
We live out of state but definitely wanted to make sure we tried this place out. So glad we did. Cameron gave us great service. The food and drinks were great. Our only thing we would like to have had different is maybe put the bbq sauce on the side instead of on the meat before bringing it out. This way you could enjoy more of the meats smokiness flavor. Otherwise everything was great and the donuts were a great little surprise! We hope to be back again!
Good stuff and priced well. I would definitely come back. Guy next to me had the Cajun shrimp. I was in the mood for BBQ but this peaked my interest...maybe next time.
"They have gluten free barbecue that is loved by the whole family! We always get take-out so the little kids in the family can play when they are done.  Although we did eat at the restaurant a few times, they make fresh donuts that are not celiac safe.  I am sure they are amazing but I have to usher my son out before he cries from not getting a donut. The non-celiacs in the family loved the donuts just as much as the meal.

The staff is friendly and can answer questions about food ingredients which is greatly appreciated!"
"grabbed a full rack of ST LOUIS RIBS and some sides at the carryout window. they were fall-off-the-bone tender -- i like my ribs a bit more toothsome but BOBBY Q's delivers on the whole tender promise. nice smokey flavor and both sauces were tangy and full flavored without being too sweet.

the sides were tasty. the potato salad was nearly as good as mine (which is very good) and the mac-n-cheese was creamy and rich.

the ladies at the counter were as nice as can be. next time i'm in the PHOENIX area, i'm gonna make a point of having a sit down experience at BOBBY Q's. 

maybe i'll even try the brisket and pulled pork ..."
"Outstanding food and service!  Make sure you make a reservation, otherwise wait time on a Thursday evening was almost 2 hours."
"Came here after SF and AZ football game. Staff are friendly. I had my order to go, got a complimentary drink, strawberry lemonade. So good! Food is awesome, so tasty! I took the leftover back home (Los Angeles) and had it for dinner. Wish we have it in California or should I say Los Angeles :). Thank you Bobby Q!!"
"I don't think I can say enough positive things about our experience. We stopped by Sunday afternoon on our way home back to LA from Payson, AZ. The reviews is what drew us in and off course. Called ahead of time to put our name down. We were pleasantly surprised by the ambiance. The manager, Laura greeted us and ended up seating us. We told her we found the place on Yelp and were from out of town. Our waitress came right away. Super attentive. Laura came back to check on us. Asked us what we ended up ordering (Ribs & Catfish) she insisted we tried the brisket, brought us a little sample.....SHOULDVE ORDERED THE BRISKET!!!!! Oh My Gawd! AMAZING. Even contemplated taking some to go, but we were staring down the barrel of a 7.5 car ride. My sister lives in Goodyear, AZ I already informed her to make the drive!!! Next time we are in town you know where to find us! Oh wait...don't forget the hot fresh mini donuts you get in your ""Thank Q"" bag with your check! They're literally doing everything right. Please come open one in Simi Valley, CA!!!!!!!!!"
"Passing through Phoenix, we naturally turned to yelp for what to get. Bobby Q seemed to be a popular option is we decided to go for it. And it did not disappoint.

Went around noon on a Saturday and it wasn't too too packed. There's a nice outdoor area with lights and a fountain of sorts. (would try to avoid the back - sometimes there's one or tow more flies flying around). 

We got the hogs heaven (a family style mix and match) and got the brisket, St Louis ribs, pork and ribs with a couple of sides. And wow it was amazing. Everything is so delicious and just melts in your mouth. The bbq sauce great too. Neither bland nor too sweet. 

On top of it, the service was amazing. Our server was especially nice and took care of us well. Even if she were busy, she'd send another server to check in on us. This place is definitely  a must try."
"I can't complain about anything here.  The food was delicious, portions are generous, the service was fantastic, I loved the atmosphere, you get 10% off by checking-in on Yelp, AND they give you a surprise bag of homemade donuts on your way out!"
Love this place. Food is reasonably priced and the portions are large enough for lunch the next day. Wish their beer menu was a little better and cocktails not so expensive but everything is made from fresh ingredients so I understand. I LOVE THE FOOD!!!!
"Rishad, our server, was very attentive and helpful. The food was very tasty and ""deeeeee-licious"", according to my wife. I would come here again any night."
This place was AMAZING!!!  I ordered the pulled pork and it was soooo tender.  This is the best BBQ I have ever had.
The food was awesome! They have a giant blue drink to share...dont be fooled by the beautiful colors though ..it's not good nor is it strong so its a waste of the room in your belly trying to drink it all. Save the room for the delicious food :)
"Truly great food. The cornbread was served hot, it was soft and fell apart, unlike the dense briquettes I've experienced at other restaurants. I ordered Bob's Salad and wasn't very impressed, but that's what I get for ordering a salad at a barbecue place. My mom ordered the sampler from the lunch menu with brisket, chicken and ribs and THAT was amazing. The brisket was perfectly tender and fell apart as soon as I stuck my fork in it. The ribs fell right off the bone, and something about the flavor set it a notch above. We were a little disappointed that we weren't offered dessert, because we had planned on ordering it, but the server (who was still in training) didn't give us an opportunity to ask and disappeared after dropping the check. Everyone there is very friendly, the management is very attentive and the atmosphere is unequaled. I would love to host my next event there!"
Great food great atmosphere great drinks thoroughly enjoyed our meal and time at Bobby Q
"I ordered the Sunday Family Feast and everything was amazing.  They forgot to include the brisket but it was super busy, so no complaints...mistakes happen, it's the way they make for them that counts and Joana the manager certainly hit the mark.  She was so apologetic and I got my brisket and some extra for my trouble.  I live a short distance away and it was no trouble at all.  We had plenty to eat with leftovers, so the missing brisket didn't cause any problems.

Thank you, Joana and Bobby Q's!!!"
"Ribs, perfect, chicken moist, ribeye tender... great poor, yummy corn muffins.. we took some home. Hot doughnuts for dessert. Yes they are busy.. I can see why."
"Its been a little while since we went to Bobby Q.The food was great so I have no problem there at all,Service was alright I have nothing derogatory to say..However the condiments have a lot to be desired.There were 6 people and they brought 2 baskets of bread no problem and 2 butters in what you could call a cough medicine size cups.The same thing happened when we asked for ketchup 3 of us requested it and again they bring 2 small cough medicine size cups.(keep in mind) You have 2 teenagers and an adult.who like to eat.We asked for a bottle but were told they don't put them out.This is not an inexpensive eatery so when it comes to the condiments there should be no skimping on butter and ketchup..Sorry to say haven't been back since that dinner"
"The food was awesome, the atmosphere was great, and service was perfect. We really enjoyed the chicken, beef ribs, pork ribs and brisket that we had. The only let down was the corn bread which was kinda dry. The special (forget the name) margarita was ok... not all the waitress chalked it up to be but she didn't look old enough to drink so maybe that was the issue there. Ill get the thing in the pineapple I see pictures of next time. Its a little tough to find, but with GPS it was not too bad. Service was really great, our waitress was on top of it. A manager even came and asked if there was anything he could do for us. We forgot at the end of the meal to show our yelp discount and they reversed our charges and added the discount, no problem. We will definitely make it a regular spot! Only thing I was a little confused about is there seems to maybe be a bar on the back of the restaurant? We looked for it but couldn't seem to find a way in..."
"Hands down some of the best bbq I've ever had. The brisket practically melts in your mouth, but it was the St. Louis-style ribs that were perfection. They seriously rival any ribs you'd get in Missouri or, frankly, anywhere in the country. 

My friend & I also got the Bobby Q Amber ale, which we were told was only sold at the restaurant & nowhere else in the world, and it's excellent.

The waitstaff were also extremely knowledgable and friendly. This place is a gem in Phoenix."
"I have enjoyed BBQ all over the country.  This is now my all time favorite!  I can't say enough about this place.  Our waiter, Harold provided excellent service.  Was our first time there and he went through all the menu options from appetizers to main course.  The appetizers were excellent.  We shared a plate of St Louis and Baby Back Ribs along with Brisket and Roasted Chicken.  Incredible!  Cooked perfectly and so tasty!!  Ribs were meaty, tender.  I had a dinner salad with Blue Cheese dressing.  The lettuce was crisp and the dressing was very good.  The sides dishes were also perfect.  We had Mac and Cheese, mashed potatoes and green vegetables.  Everything was so, SO GOOD!  There's usually something that just ok...at any restaurant but not last night!  The portions were HUGE and every bite was equally delicious.  I almost forgot about the corn bread and corn off the cob.  Both so fresh and tasty!  We shared a sampler entree and we were so full.  If that's not enough, they bring you a small bag of fresh doughnuts with sugar/cinnamon.  Said I was too full but the Manager twisted my arm and convinced me that I had room for one!  Absolutely delicious!!    I highly recommend this place.  Make sure to go there hungry!!"
"I really liked this place and it was really good except for my ONE rib that for some reason tasted like it was cooked on or near a piece of fish. I am not sure why that is but I was so hungry I didnt even want to complain but the rest of the ribs were fine. They forgot one of my side dishes as well, by the time i had noticed I was so full it probably wouldnt have even eaten or taken it home. The cornbread was amazing, the doughnuts at the end were a pretty good touch. The price is a little bit on the higher end to go as often as one would like, but thats ok. Maybe sometime soon we'll go back and"
First time to come here since the name change many years ago. We ordered the whole hog heaven. It was high quality meat. Corn bread was delicious. Service was great. They even gave my son a free dessert. Manager stopped by several times to check on us and was super friendly. We will be coming back for sure. Did not try one but the hamburgers from the table near by looked big.
"Nice dinner spot. Bartenders were super friendly and informative. Started out with a happy hour Bobby Mule. Twist on a Moscow mule with some tequila and honey. No fear, honey is subtle. Drink was well mixed and presentation was excellent. For dinner I had the two meat combo. Baby back ribs were great, flavorful, fell off the bone and not too sloppy. Brisket was okay, texture was solid but just an underwhelming sauce. Cornbread was unique and again, great presentation. Portion sizes were very large. Best part of the meal were the side dishes. The Mac and cheese had some great flavor with even better consistency (no runny cheese) and the mashed potatoes were extremely fresh. After the meal be sure to take home some fresh donut holes for free. They taste like mini elephant ear rounds. Average to above average BBQ, but a great atmosphere with tasty complimentary side dishes."
"ok....first let me say that I grew up in PHX. And we used to go for special occasions to ""Bobby MaGees"" which is where BobbyQ's is now located (says something about the quality of my restaurant experiences as a young fella)...And as cheesy as Bobby McGaees was...i kind of miss the pirate serving me my dinner (and the salad bar in the bathtub).

But i do like what they have done to the place. Cool interior. Casual but with a nice upscale feel. The patio seemed really nice (didn't sit out here).

We tried a variety of things. A burger, a pulled pork sandwich, brisket, baby backs etc...

I think the standout were the ribs. VERY good...very tender (but not overcooked), good sauce.  I enjoyed every one.Everything else was just ok. Like on par with Chili's (which isn't saying much). 

The sides were pretty tasty. Corn (roasted and then taken off the cob for you) , mashed potatoes, cornbread...all pretty good. 

Dinner for 4 (2 kids, no booze)...50$.

But a 5 star place? Maybe in the context of other restaurants in the Dunlap and I-17 areas (next to crazy Mitch's Furniture barn.) But not in the broader context of PHX.

I would definitely go back for ribs...but not a place that will go into the normal rotation.

Side note: Hilarious crowd on a Saturday night. Lots of ""west side"" clubbers...or maybe too old to be clubbers but want to go clubbing (there is a lounge attached)."
"Drove from extreme east Mesa with out of town company and can say, not worth the drive. I've bee to Sysco type restaurants that had better pulled pork. Should of went to Scottsdale like originally planned. This place may be good for a quick lunch but dinner with a crowd, not so much. Beer chose was good, quantity was good but lacked on quality for the price. I ordered the 3 meat planning on leftovers work well. But one of the friends at the table ordered the 1 meat meal for $18.00 and chose brisket. He had less brisket than I had (assuming I got a 3rd portion) and it was grizzly. I shared with him and foregone the leftover ideal."
"Loved it! We have been twice this past month. Both the pulled pork and ribs melt in your mouth. The atmosphere is wonderful and the kids loved it too. 
Zac was great and did great acknowledging my husband's birthday."
Horrible experience. Was told I couldn't get in because I was sagging my jeans last time after being told I couldn't come in because I had ripped jeans and it was my first time being there so I knew it was another agenda going on!
"My experience here was amazing. My dad and I were both in a really bad mood and looking for a little respite from a horrible day at the hospital. I had driven by Bobby Q's a couple of times and the placed looked fun so we thought we'd give it a try. When we arrived on a Tuesday evening the place was PACKED. The hostess said the wai would be 40 minutes and suggested we have a drink at the bar, which we were happy to do. Our server at the bar Chelsea then set us up at a table by the bar and actually offered to just serve us there. She was incredibly friendly and her enthusiasm felt completely authentic. And after we got our meal I can see why. The food was AMAZING. We had the ""Whole Hog"" barbecue package which was four different types of meat and three sides and everything was great. I can not wait to return."
"We visited Bobby Q for the first time this week. The food and service was great. We ordered the ribs, chicken and brisket. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone delicious. The chicken was moist and flavorful. The brisket was tender and cooked perfectly. Our waiter was very attentive. We will definitely go back!"
"This isn't your typical bbq place, where you wear bibs and there's country music playing and bbq sauce flying everywhere - that's how we do it in Texas. At Bobby Q's, its more formal; there's a nice ambience, there's a full bar, and you eat with forks and knives. 

The Pros:
The great service
The 10% off by checking in on yelp - yay!
The complimentary cinnimon sugar donuts at the end which are HOME MADE - dayum, those things were awesome
The pineapple drink - its a real pineapple filled with a ton of alcohol but guess what? It tastes like juice...which means its dangerous. Drink at your caution.

Cons
Their sides could be better - The mac and cheese was way too thick and unfortunately, didn't match the rave reviews. 

Another interesting fact - there's a club next door so you can get your grub and then dance it off"
"What a great BBQ, and more restaurant. The food is fantastic, the service outstanding, and yes, the desserts are to die for. This is a great lunch or dinner spot and we really enjoy meeting friends for a meal."
"Great BBQ joint with great service. Start with the Q-Rolls as an appetizer, they are reminiscent of mini-chimis with brisket. I highly recommend the Smoasted Chicken. The Mac n' Cheese is sinfully cheesy. The potato salad is equally delicious and surprisingly refreshing. The cornbread is warm and sweet. Then finish your meal with mini complimentary sugar donuts. 

Additionally, last year I bought a whole Turkey for Thanksgiving Day. Talk about amazing! This is the first time my family devours the a whole turkey. Delicious!!!!!"
"Let's get the bad's out of the way first.

The server advertised multi cheese Mac n Cheese. Stating it was the best!
Yes, it was good. But, at least 75% of the cheese was Velveta/processed cheese. It was smooth even when cold, real cheese doesn't do this.  But, again tasted very good.  Just don't exaggerate about its contents.

Thursday night at 6pm, they were busy and the speed proved that. 30min for two medium rare steaks. They were also still prepping the coleslaw due to them running out, which I received at the end of the meal.  Come earlier than 5:30pm!

Now, the Q-Rolls are absolutely awesome! Flakey, tasty and unique. Get them!

We ordered the 12oz Sirloin. Server stated 60 day aged in-house. It was super tender, flavorful and beautifully prepared! Seasoning very tasteful. If you like your steak well done, they you just burn your money away.  Medium or medium rare only!

The beans are very steak house like. Tangy, sweet with a depth of flavor. 

Servers are highly trained, consistence, very nice table-side manor. 

We'll be back and hopefully changing this review to 5-Stars. Have to do 4-stars now now."
"I'm actually writing this review while sitting in the restaurant because I'm so full and my pig of a husband is still eating :)

The food is great here. The whole hog heaven combo is more than enough for two people. I also really like the baked potato! I wish the roasted vegetables were a little warmer.

The service here is excellent. From the moment of entering, to waiting for food and everything, service was excellent. I had four different people either checked up on us or brought us extra condiments/forks.

I'm glad this is our last meal in Phoenix on this vacation."
Best BBQ I've ever had!  And fried fresh donuts before you leave!?!! Seriously.  The lunch sampler is a must have.  Best brisket.
This place was rated one of the top bbq spots in Phoenix. My partner and I went there when we were visiting Phoenix. It was Friday night and the place was popping. I thought we would have to wait for a table but luckily we didn't. Our server was very nice and knowledgeable. He told us a bit about the place. Food and drink wise...I ordered a watermelon cooler. I thought it would be sweet but it was kind of spicy...in a good way. I had the steak sandwich and my partner had the brisket sandwich. And it was cooked to our liking and the meats were tender. We also got free cornbread which I thought was very nice. The waiter didn't have to give it to us but he did. And my partner and I were both in food comas at the end. I wish they had other locations other than the Phoenix area. But we are definitely going back.
Delicious! I receive excellent service. I've been a fan for years and will continue to take my family and friends.
"Holy Moses! Best BBQ in a looonnnggg time!! The cornbread is so good you don't even have to put butter on it! Fun atmosphere as well! oh...must say they have the best mac and cheese ever!!!  pulled pork...amazing, prime rib....scrumptious, roast beef...heaven! My family really loved it!"
"We are visiting for Denver and came here from the Yelp reviews. We both had the pulled pork and it was absolutely delicious. The smoked meats were cooked perfectly and sides we filling. This was a great find and we most definitely recommend this restaurant. Oh, by the way the donuts at the end.... OMG!"
"This gem is right by our house, easy access and delicious food. I had no idea it was so fun, too. The bartender was a delight and she was quick to check on us and always offered suggestions on food. I loved it! We'll be back!"
"this is where i go for bbq in phx!!!

my family loves going here.  we have gone in small and large groups.  they are very accommodating.  even with reservations it takes awhile to be seated.  eventhough there is a lot of seating this restaurant is always busy.  they even have private rooms.  the restaurant is very nice inside and the customers are even dress real nice.  looks kinda weird seeing folks dress professional in a bbq joint.  if busy the parking kinda sucks.

the food is awesome!  everything that my family has tried as been awesome.  the corn bread and honey butter is delicious!  the ribs, steak, chicken, grilled salmon, salads, fries, it's all good!

the servers seem to do a great job and never had one problem.  great job!

i hope you enjoy this place because i do!"
"45 Minutes to get there from the Gilbert area and it was worth it! Will I come again? Of course! I don't normally give 5 stars but when I do, you better believe it means something.

Greeted right away, sat right away.. Didn't even wait a minute! Good timing! 
Waiter: Riley - Great person -great customer service! Suggested, educated and was always checking up on us to see how things were. 20+% tip well earned.
Food: Outstanding. The meat literally fell off my fork it was extremely tender and flavorful. Cornbread was to die for. Got a desert: ""Death by Chocolate"" - Oh Em Gee! Everything was just good! 
Inside: Atmosphere was good.Would be a great place to bring a big party of XX over!

Thank you for a great birthday dinner!"
"This place is amazing!   And this is coming from people who were raised on Tennessee BBQ.  This is the real deal.  Tender, smoked meats and really good sides.  And the mini-donuts with your check were delish!  We will be back!"
Sooooo good. All the food is amazing!  I crave the corn and love the BBQ sauce. And don't forget the mini doughnuts for dessert! Great mood lighting and a comfortable atmosphere.
Outstanding ribs and great atmosphere.  My new favorite BBQ
"The meat was really good, some of the best brisket I've ever had. But the prices are pretty high and the portions are small to average . The service was outstanding and the donuts at the end are a nice touch."
Best BBQ in town. Not to mention the best Mac n cheese and potato salad! The steaks and burgers can compete with anyone else's too. The staff here is top notch and service is always fabulous. Don't forget to get your donuts as you leave! One of the valley's local gems.
"I have been coming to this please for years. They come every year for my birthday dinner with my family, and every year it is the same! We love this place and will always come back. This is by far the best barbeque you will ever find in Arizona through and through. The macaroni and cheese is heaven the cornbread is amazing the chicken, the fried chicken is out of this world! The barbeque pulled pork  is my all-time favourite and the perfect burger is exactly that! Just perfect! Order q rolls as an appetizer and the pineapple drink if you need a cocktail and please thank me later LOL!"
I am very impressed with this spot the ribs were outstanding the coleslaw was perfect and the Mac and Cheese was incredible. I cannot wait to go back and try more food there. Austin our server was great he checked on us all throughout the evening. If you have a chance to try this place don't cheat yourself treat yourself to some good eatin'!!!!!
"We came here to try the bbq and steaks. Not to bad. We prefer to stick to FEENYS For Prime Rib. The BBQ was OFF THE HOOK!!! My daughter and I had THREE MEAT COMBO (Brisket, St. Louis Ribs, and Texas Beef Ribs). Wifey had the PRIME RIB. Enough that we all shared a lil of everything. Love the little donuts at the end."
This food was amazing! I loved the brisket appetizer and their cocktails were to die for. I cannot wait to move to Phoenix to eat here more often. The outside atmosphere was amazing and so comfy! I think I found my new favorite restaurant!
"So, we went back. And it was awesome.

We went on a weeknight, and, true to my review, I went whole hog, (no pun intended), and ordered a 2 Meat Barbecue Combo plate - the sausage link, and beef brisket. My boyfriend, ever steady, ordered the Prime Rib. 

Now, I don't really eat red meat. I mention this in a lot of reviews, and that mention is usually followed by ""...but this time, I did, and I loved it."" So, I guess I do actually eat red meat now. Wacky. Thanks, Yelp, for contributing to the decay of my health and the fatty deposits inside my arteries. Do you even get fatty deposits in your arteries? Don't mind me, I'm just flaunting my lack of basic anatomical knowledge on the internet. Anyway, the beef brisket was awesome, and the sausage link was truly one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten. Really! I loved it. Tasty and smokey and sweetly tinged with barbecue sauce. The corn and the shoestring fries are still hanging out in the ""delicious"" zone, and my boyfriend once again wolfed down his prime rib like a champ. He also tossed out a compliment to his side of macaroni and cheese, saying that it was ""really good."" From him, that is a ringing endorsement.

Our server was sweet and efficient, and not at all obnoxious. A+, Sawyer! You were great.

The little bag of Thank-Q doughnuts was adorable...we didn't get those on our first visit, and, even though we were completely stuffed, we appreciated the gesture and somehow found the digestive strength to scarf them down on the way home.

Thanks for a wonderful night, Jason. Your customer service is out of this world."
"BOBBY Q'S. was just ranked among the TOP 30  BBQ  restaurants in the US! 

Need I say more?"
"Shut the front door, and sit down for the best baby back ribs you've ever sunk your teeth into. If you are in or from Phoenix, you are in BBQ luck. 

Take yourself to ""Whole Hog Heaven."" It says you could enjoy this meal on your own; unless you plan to fast for two to three days share with a friend. Double down on some baby back ribs, enjoy some mac n'cheese, and save room for some complimentary fresh fried doughnuts for dessert (Or like me force them down with a BBQ covered grin.) Lot's of people rave about the Q-Rolls, however that was probably the only moot point for me. I'd recommend you save room for the meats.

By no means is a five star review for this place original, but I can only confirm that this place is still doing what everyone is talking about. Smoking some of the most delicious meats I've ever tasted."
Food was very good and service was great. I had the baby back ribs with Mac and cheese and coleslaw (if you don't like pecans - order without because only on top).  All of it was very flavorful but a lot of food. One of us had fried chicken platter which wasn't a great deal for what you got but several others got pulled pork sandwiches which they liked.  I would recommend sticking with smoked meats which is their thing anyway. Best part was the donuts they bring you at the end - they melt in your mouth!
Bobby Qs is a place I trust for great food. Tonight was no exception to that. Come here for the best in town ribs and corn bread.
"i'm torn. on the one hand, the service was superb, we liked the actual dining experience, and some of the food was great (mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, cornbread, wings, donuts, arnold palmer cocktail). on the other hand, i went for some RIBS and that is where they failed me. i had whet my appetite last week at pork on a fork where i had some seriously tasty ribs. like i wanted to climb up onto the plate and roll around in them, that is how good they were. so now i'm on this bbq blitz and it was my birthday so i requested to come to bobby q based on reviews seeming so positive, like supposedly best bbq in phoenix! anyway, got baby back ribs and you couldn't even pick up a rib that is how much the meat fell off. like literally reached for a bone and all i got was bone, meat stayed on the plate. it was like a gelatinous mess. there should be some bite, some crispy parts from the smoker, something! and i wasn't crazy about the sauce - ribs were way over-sauced, like sauce got slapped on right before they went on the plate and i did not care for the flavor of it. no choice of sauce, yet when we were packing up our leftovers the waitress appeared with two different kinds in to-go containers. huh? so i wonder if i had ordered something else if i would have been happier, but still. truthfully, i doubt i will come back unless someone else makes me and if i do i will stay away from ribs."
"Man this place is popular! But I can see why it's ranked top 100 restaurants in the nation by Yelp! We overheard it was an hour wait for walk ins, luckily we made reservations! The ambience was great, the lights were dimmed and there was this intimate vibe, but at the same time all these TVs by the bar were blasting the sports and games going on. 
Our waiter was great, very attentive. 
We ordered the baby back ribs and the prime rib. Both were perfect. The meat fell off the ribs cleanly and the steak was not too chewy, flavorful, and juicy! 
Would definitely recommend Bobby Q!"
Delicious! The food was amazing and very full of flavor! Loved the vibe the restaurant gives off. Staff was friendly but we got sat a a big round table set for 6 but our party was only 3 and the table was in the middle of the room so slightly awkward but once we chowed down we forgot all about it. Highly recommend visiting for some brisket!
This place is soooo good. Brisket was fresh and tender .  I thought their prices were very fair. The appetizers are very good the Cole Slaw and macaroni and cheese was good. Service was great . I wasn't that  impressed with the doughnuts but it won't stop me from going back
Clothes code for a BBQ place?! Puh-leeze! BBQ isn't considered as gourmet cuisine. It's a fucking barbecue place! Owners are pathetic.
"This is my favorite barbeque, the service is excellent. Pork ribs, pulled pork,beef ribs, brisket it's all great."
"Went here for Valentines dinner, it was fairly easy to get in (even though they asked if we had reservations) there was no wait time. The hostess was very nice (Paloma) and quick with getting us situated and fed. The food was good, not what I expected for the price though. 
   Both mine and my boyfriends meals were a bit on the bland side not having much flavor. We had to put salt and pepper on everything, the Mac n cheese tasted like the Velveeta box kind and the ""grilled veggies"" were not grilled and were just blah, however their cornbread was DELISH! and melted in your mouth! Sooooo good! Now the catfish and ribs my boyfriend ordered were VERY TASTY and the ribs literally fell off the bone! But the steak I ordered was just ok, I had a better one at Red Lobster?!
  If we get food from here again I'll probably just stick to the ribs next time."
"1st time here. We drove through lightning and hardcore rain but it was definitely worth it. Waitress was nice, the manager came by to check on us and the food was very very good. We are visiting from CA and we will make sure to eat here next visit. Complimentary cornbread with sweet butter, yum!"
"Let me start by saying this restaurant is way too expensive. BBQ is supposed to be cheap and dirty. With this being said the lunch prices are reasonable. The BBQ sampler with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork with one side ran about $14. The ribs were definitely the standout of the meal. They came off the bone clean, were very tender, and had a nice smoky flavor. The pulled pork rivaled the ribs, and may have actually surpassed them in taste. The brisket was tender, but was lacking the flavor of the other two meats. It also seemed a little off in color as it was as it was much lighter than most I have had. Mac n' cheese was my choice of side and it was deliciously cheesy. I could devour bowl after bowl of that goodness. Also worth a mention is the donut they bring you after your meal. That thing, albeit small, was fresh out of the fryer, covered in sugary sweetness and an unexpectedly nice ending to a solid meal."
Corn bread was really good and the mac and cheese was so creamy. Had the pulled pork sandwich and really enjoyed it. My husband has baby back ribs and they were fall off the bone good. The atmosphere is really cool.  Will definitely be back.
"This place has blown every other BBQ restaurant out of the water, including any family members bbq! I don't know how I will ever go else where. Got there and the wait was over a hour. With the amount of people waiting and from what we've read (and the distance we drove) we were definitely waiting. We didn't have to wait the full time. Our waitress was super knowledgeable about her stuff and got our orders taken and served in no less than 15-17 minutes (quite possibly faster!). The mana her walked around, seemed cool. Stopped to ask us how things were, excellent mister man! And then the complimentary sugar donut-churros sealed the deal and made me a fan for life! Try it out!!"
"The brisket is really good and brittle, probably better off getting a brisket sand which. The 3 meat platter is really good, gives you an idea of what you will most likely get the second time around. And after trying between the sausage, brisket and ribs, ribs definitely take the cake! Corn bread is also good as an appetizer, and the grilled veggies really had some good flavor as we'll. The sauces are really good to I suggest the spicy, and at the end we got mini sugar donuts! Yum! Btw our waitress was Chelsea and she was awesome!"
"This is without a doubt the best BBQ place I have ever had the pleasure of visiting! Lucille's at Tempe Marketplace had been my favorite, but Bobby Q's is even better, and that's saying something! From the time you are seated, the staff are friendly and attentive, even when the restaurant is packed (which is always). The food is to die for, I've tried their ribs, and the pulled pork sandwich, both were superb! The cornbread is amazing, I have to remind myself to save room for the actual meal. Also, at the end of the meal, they bring you freshly-made, warm cinnamon-sugar donut holes to enjoy. It's a bit far out location-wise, especially if you are in the Tempe/Mesa area, but for the best BBQ in Arizona, it's worth the drive!"
Love this place!  Great atmosphere!  I have been coming here sine I was a kid and the food is always consistently good.
Phillip was great and helped us so much for our first time here! All the food was great!! Highly recommend the Mac and cheese!!!
"I'm certainly jaded by the variety of outstanding BBQ joints in Texas, so my visit to Bobby Q just wan't mind blowing.

In and of itself, Bobby Q has fine, workaday BBQ. The ribs are fall-of-the-bone moist, but almost entirely lacking in flavor save for whatever sauce you slather them in. No smokiness, no meatiness, just sauce. 

The mac-and-cheese is average, not good, not bad, and the coleslaw is mayo based, which I hate. Fortunately it's priced right, heck, it's downright cheap for decent BBQ, and our server was awesome. 

Not a bad BBQ spot by any stretch of the imagination."
"Form Texas and was not in the mood for bbq but decide to try it. Bobby Q was incredible. Food great, service great and the feel of the place was great. The bbq is just as good as the best bbq house, Hutchins in McKinney TX"
First time here it's an awesome place.. food is amazingly good.. service is outstanding.. a must place to eat.
I'm from California & I have to say this joint has the BEST BBQ ever; Excellent Service to the food! Thank you Leanne-I'll be back soon and I hope to have you as our server!
"This is definitely one of my favorite places.  The quality is excellent and I've never left hungry.

My favorites here include the brisket, baked potato soup, prime rib sandwich (occasional lunch special), mac 'n cheese and mashed potatoes.  No, not all at once though.  :)

I love to get the soup and sandwich lunch special and actually put my brisket in the baked potato soup.  I also like to order the brisket sandwich with mac 'n cheese and do the same thing.

The cornbread they serve is delicious and makes a great appetizer.  My only disappointment here is that when I first started coming here you got fresh from the fryer cinnamon mini doughnuts at the end of your meal.  Now, they're never fresh and you only get them sometimes."
"Soooo good. Brisket, Mac and cheese, q rolls, and the service was wonderful. Manager stopped by the table and asked, how everything was. Little donuts at the end was a great touch. Definitely will venture back again, soon."
"This is our second time here.  This place was just as good as the last time we were here.  It started with our waiter Rishad.  He was nice and very quick.  He made sure we left the restaurant satisfied.  Even his manager came by to see if we were enjoying the experience.

The meal started with their Q-Rolls.  Seasoned beef brisket with a BBQ dipping sauce and a chipotle dip.  They are always great.

Aggie ordered Smoasted chicken (smoked. & roasted) with BBQ.  Her sides were Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.  She enjoyed it very much.

I ordered Beef brisket with Ranch Beans and mashed potatoes.  It was very, very good.  I enjoyed every bit.  

Mikaela ordered the Kid's Cheeseburger with fries.  I took a bit of her cheeseburger, and the beef tasted better than anything from other burger places.  I couldn't believe it.  

To drink, Mikaela ordered their sweet tea (best I have tasted from any restaurant), and Aggie and I ordered Frosted Lemonades.  They were tart and sweet, and sugar coated the glass.  That was a nice touch.

We will definitely come back here.  It is just epic!"
"This is probably one of the best wet-rub bbq that I've ever had! My family and boyfriend came from California to visit my cousins and decided to give this place a try. My boyfriend and I are both originally from Arizona and we've been craving some really good, tender ribs that melt right off the bone b/c we can't be that in California! The service here is super quick and everyone is really nice. BONUS: They also give complimentary sugar donuts! I would totally recommend giving Bobby Q a try!!!"
"Bobby Q is my favorite place and they came through for me as usual. They have delicious food, great service and delicious food. Did I mention the delicious food?!  I love Bobby Q!  By the way, they also have a great happy hour that includes a dance floor and food!"
Screw this place! It's a damn barbecue restaurant and they have a dress code. No flip flops in Phoenix. I'm sure your food sucks anyway.
I'm from Texas and we know good BBQ.  So take it from me it's Gooooooood.   I had the Brisket and Baby Backs which was so tender.
"Great food, actually i think it is the best BBQ in town. Will always go there if there was any special occasion. But be prepared that it is always a super busy, at least every time we had been there."
"The hog heaven truly is a piece of heaven. I shared the plate with 3 others and we all left fully satisfied. The baby back ribs, while not fall-off-the-bone, were smothered in a deliciously sweet sauce and were by far my favorite. Overall, I loved being able to sample so many different types of meat and enjoyed everything I ate. Each table is also served complimentary corn bread, a great appetizer to kick off the all-American meal. Our server was wonderful as well and was highly helpful in answering all our questions and making recommendations."
"Love their food!

I have been 3 times now. The first 2 times I had great service. This last time I was here for my birthday dinner with a friend. Our service was weird, it was multiple people but no one around when we actually needed anything. Our food took a very long time too. The table who sat next to us were seated and got their food before we received our 2 orders. Although it took what felt like forever for our food it was great like I expected.

By the time we were able to leave it took quite some time to get our bill, pay and even ask for a box all while servers were rushing around past us to help other people but no one to really help us. Once we were finally leaving I realized that we had waited so long that 3 couples had already been seated, eaten, paid and left at the same table next to us all in the time it took us to order an appetizer and a meal for 2. 

If it wasn't for the great food I may have given less stars. I most likely will be back, but to the new location in Mesa. Driving 30 miles for dinner to wait that long is not ideal."
"Looking for some good BBQ?  You won't be disappointed with Bobby Q's.

As soon as we were seated, our server came over with a friendly greeting and a basket of warm cornbread.  She recommended the Q Rolls which are flour tortillas stuffed with smoked brisket and deep fried.  5 rolls per order - served with chipotle ranch dressing and bbq sauce.  The perfect combination, moist brisket inside a crispy tortilla shell.

Hubby prefers the St. Louis ribs and I had the baby back ribs.  The ribs had a nice smokey flavor and the meat practically fell off the bone.  Each bite was a a mouthful of heaven.

We chose the mac and cheese and the pecan salad as our sides,  The mac and cheese was nice and creamy.  The pecan cole slaw was okay.  Basically coleslaw sprinkled with chopped pecans.

Service was great!  Our server was very attentive.

Although we didn't have room for dessert, our server brought us a little bag of donuts to take with us.

YUM...what more is there to say?!?  Too busy licking the sauce off the fingers."
"We were here earlier during this last MLB Spring Training, and didn't have reservations. It was too late to wait the one hour plus wait time. This time I planned ahead using OpenTable. After a long drive from Orange County, we arrive just in time for our 7:30 appointment. Our waitress Christin was awesome allowing us to sample things, so we knew exactly what we wanted to order. My wife and I had the Hog Heaven plate for 2 (or more!)... Baby back and St Louis ribs, beef brisket and chicken, and we even got to try the sausage. The meat was falling off the bone and was tender as could be. They didn't over do the barbecue sauce either. The cornbread muffins were tasty. The manager Barron was amazing as well... Thank you for comping the mudd pie to celebrate our son's birthday. We were constantly attended to. They definitely won over a customer for life. I will certainly be coming back next spring training."
"My boyfriend was in the mood for prime rib today so I did a goggle search for places in our area. One of the listings that came up was Bobby Q. Based on the name and description as a BBQ restaurant, we were a bit unsure, but decided to trust the fantastic reviews. 
The service- Our server Amberlee (please forgive if misspelled) was pleasant, knowledgable about the menu items, and sooo attentive. Our iced teas never got lower than half full and she was always near if we needed anything. One of the managers even came to the table after we got our meal to ask how everything was. On a scale of 1-10 for service, I'd definitely give a 10. 

The food- In one word, WONDERFUL. Amberlee brought out corn muffins right after she took our order, which were not only moist but super tasty. When our prime rib arrived, mine was the 10oz end cut and his was the 14oz medium rare, we were astonished by the portions which were MASSIVE. The meal came with two choices of sides- mine were the loaded(bacon, cheese, sour cream, butter and chives) and roasted corn(corn on the cob roasted on the grill, then the kernels are shaved off and sauted in butter) while my boyfriend had the mashed potatoes with the white gravy on the side as well as the roasted corn. Everything was perfect- the prime rib was seasoned just right with creamy horseradish and au jus and the sides complimented the meat perfectly. 
Once the plates had been cleared, Amberlee returned with a bag of complimentary doughnuts to go. We were so stuffed, but truly appreciated the gesture. The check was approximately $55 for both meals and two iced teas which wasn't bad for what we got. Not only great food, but fantastic service. We are planning on returning and telling all our friends how wonderful Bobby Q is!"
Fantastic BBQ! Staff are so helpful & friendly. The pulled pork platter was excellent. Nice touch giving you a little bag of hot donuts when you leave.
"For a barbecue restaurant It is unusual to see an almost romantic setting. Bobby Q is unique in that way and several other ways. My wife is a vegetarian and there were not any entree options for her . Just side dishes which she has eaten  in the past .They started us off with there cornbread which was very tasty. I had the two meat entree with brisket of beef and the baby back ribs. My 2 side dishes were   a baked potato and the smoked baked beans which had  pieces of bacon and brisket in it. Very tasty.The brisket was a thick cut with a little barque sauce. Very tender and flavorful. The baby back ribs were so tender, I cut the meat at the bone and there wasn't a piece left on it.This was the first time I ever ate baby back ribs without getting sauce all over my hands and face. The ribs were succulent. We didn't want any desert but our waitress sent us away with these mini donuts which were warm and sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. My wife loves warm baked goods.The experience we had was very good. Bobby Q passes the barbecue test with flying colors."
"Went for another visit and am raising my prior rating due to more ample servings this go around. Also, the Yelp check-in discount was good to have too!"
"Seems good so far.  We had a good time, the food was fresh.  Mary, my wife, had something she did not like and the corrected it too.  I had a side that was not warm enough (baked potato) and they swapped it out for another side dish."
"Kinda disappointed... Since I'm traveling close to 3 hours to/from here... Brisket is a must! Why I was told it's not ready..., ugh! My favorite dish. 

Don't get me wrong, the food is great, but darn it!"
"RIBS!!!  The ribs at Bobby Q's are simply amazing.  Let me start at the beginning.

This restaurant is very inviting.  Open  yet cozy and the patio is nice too.  They bring you hot corn bread when you sit down that is to die for.  They bring butter with it but I think it is already drenched in butter.  Very rich and delicious.  Not your typically dry corn bread by a long shot.

My husband and I ordered the 3 meat combo that comes with 2 sides.  We ordered the short ribs, pulled pork and ""Broasted"" chicken with Macaroni and Cheese and cole slaw with pecans.  The ribs were are absolutely our favorite.  Best ribs we've ever had.  The pulled pork was equally good and the chicken was great too although we would have liked a piece of white meat.  As someone else stated, they bring their two sauces in warming containers so that the sauce is warm and doesn't cool your meat.  The spicy sauce was our favorite and we used the entire container.  My husband said the mac-n-cheese was the best he had ever had.  It was good, I'm just not an expert on that dish.  I liked the pecans on the cole slaw.

My son was with us and he ordered the cheeseburger off of the kids menu.  The adult menu claimed to have some sort of fantastic burger and he was not happy that we made him get the kids burger.  Until it came.  They do not skimp on the kids!  His burger was huge, hand formed, and absolutely delicious!  He kept going on about how great it was so I had to have a bite.  Grilled deliciousness.

The fresh made donuts they give you on the way out are a nice touch but I was way to full to even comtemplate trying one.  My husband and son said they were great.

Only disappointment-Shoestring Fries.  I like big steak fries.  

We will be back!"
"i still have dreams about this place. deliciously evil, fair priced BBQ. A must have if you're in town."
Excellent!! The brisket is very tender. The pulled pork is excellent. My favorite was the baby backs. I can't remember the last time I had such tender ribs. Highly recommend.
"6 of us felt like bbq on Labor Day was an appropriate way to officially celebrate the end of our summer but didn't want to deal with the actual hassle of cooking.  Bobby Q hit the spot. We started with the hot wings--all drummettes--kind of standard hot wing fare. 

We all shared the ""whole hog"" platter which consisted of 2 slabs of ribs and 2 different bbq meats. They ran out of baby back ribs (booooo...) so we got the St. Louis ribs and the beef brisket and sliced bbq pork.  All very good stuff. The meat was tender and flavorful. I particularly liked the brisket. The waitress said that the ""whole hog"" would feed 3-4 people so we ordered the fried catfish as well.  I guess she meant 3-4 HUGE people, because it fed 6 of us and we still had leftovers (4 guys and 2 girls). The catfish was also good, not overcooked. We shared 4 sides: mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, grilled veggies, and roasted corn. The sides were quite satisfying, but not outstanding. 

We all ordered the fresh lemonade as a beverage--good but too sweet so I had ask for unsweetened ice tea to balance it out. Again, we were all too stuffed for dessert. 

Miss C and I agreed that we would definitely come back and take advantage of their happy hour specials--1/2 off margaritas, doubles for the price of singles, and 1/2 off apps--Tues-Fri from 4-8 pm."
Delicious BBQ and great prices. We fed our family of 6 for about $50 and had a lot of food left over. Highly recommend eating here.
"Was scrolling through Yelp to find a good place to eat in Phoenix. Stumbled upon Bobby-Q. 1000+ reviews with 4.5 stars??! YES PLEASE. Also, punny restaurant name? SOLD. Hahaha. Thank you yelp for showing me to this awesome gem during my short stay at Phoenix. 

Came in on Monday of Memorial Day weekend right when it opened so there was no line. PHEW. I guess it makes the experience much better when you don't have to wait in line right? Got seated quickly and the service was great! Our waiter (I wish I remember his name) answered all our questions and even gave us a little history of the restaurant as it was our first time there. Anyways, lets get to talking about the good stuff...THE FOOD. 

To be honest, I was already in love with this place when the complimentary corn bread came out. Free is one thing, but these corn bread were so moist and good! Between me and my friend, we ordered the whole hog heaven because we eat a lot and we were starving. We got the pulled pork, brisket, beef ribs, baby back ribs with a side of cole slaw, corn, and mac & cheese. The hog heaven only come with two sides, but you can pay about $2.00 for an extra side...worth. 

All the meat was delicious, although I wish the pulled pork and brisket had more sauce on them. My favorite is the pulled pork! Super easy to eat and literally melts in your mouth. The baby back ribs were good, but I feel like there wasn't enough meat and the meat didn't come off as easily as I hoped. The mac & cheese was BOMB, but my favorite was the corn. 

We also ordered a strawberry lemonade and that was delicious was well, and went really well with our food. 

And to end our wonderful experience, there was also complimentary donuts?! Sorry, but complimentary corn bread AND donuts? Can there be a place like this in LA please? Haha."
Our server Joe transformed our meal from another BBQ joint to a home cooked feast. Do go anywhere else for brisket.
"Guilty pleasure! The cornbread is so good, My bf and I seriously just ordered a bag of cornbread to take to his apt for dinner! LOL

Great customer service, this is one of those places where no matter what you try it's still going to be delicious."
This place was awesome. I don't eat/like steak very often and tonight ordered the ribeye.  It was 14 oz of goodness. I couldn't finish it all but I'll be eating it for lunch tomorrow. Tyler was our server and he did an excellent job making my party feel at home. Everything tasted lovely. I will be here again.
"Ribs = pretty damn good. the meat was fall off the bones. I wish the sauce had a little more kick to it though. 

I came here comparing this place to phil's in san diego and it holds its own pretty well. The service was excellent, the food and drinks were good. You get a lot of food for the price so it beats phil's in that sense. There was corn bread at the beginning and donuts at the end. 

I'd definitely come back here again!"
"Great service! Waiter was friendly and knowledgable, special touches like the extra BBQ came out heated in an insulated craft my drink was in a pineapple fun stuff like that . The brisket was absolutely the best I have ever had and the Mac and cheese was pretty awesome too ! Big portions so bring your appetite !"
This has and will always get a great rating from me... the food is always OUTSTANDING.. the atmosphere is always  WELCOMING...and the service is always GREAT!!! My buddy had never been and since having dinner here with me last week... he's already been once... Keep up the AWESOME WORK!!!
Got a lb of brisket and lb of pulled pork last weekend .. Everyone loved it. These guys always come thru with good food.  As mentioned in other review I'm picky about my BBQ and these dudes do it right
"I organized a dinner here for my dragonboat team which consists of about 48 people.  So keeping that in mind, I will continue my review.  

When my group got there, we were served very fast and they took our orders.  Service from the waitresses was GREAT! 
Pros:

One great thing about this place is that they serve limitless CORNBREAD!  For a hungry team, this is amazing, especially before your food gets there.  

Now to the food.  The FOOD is great quality.  I loved the flavor of the ribs and bbq sauce.  The mac-n-cheese wasn't the best, but it was good.  I would say the spare-ribs were better than the beef ribs here.  
What was also nice was that they let us split checks which made it a lot easier for us to pay.  They waitresses also gave us complimentary doughnuts which is awesome.  

CONS:
When I went here, the portions of the meals weren't what we were expecting for the price.  A few of my teammates ordered the two rib meal and they didn't get much food.  We had to ask if there was a mistake because there was such little food for the price.  The manager(?) came and apologized and said they ran out of ribs?  I don't know exactly how valid this excuse is, but whatever.  I think that for an establishment such as this, it should have been a bit more prepared considering we did have reservations.  This is probably the reason why I am not giving them a full 5 stars.  I know the experience might have been different under different conditions.  Hopefully next time, our experience might be a bit better food quantity wise."
"I definitely recommend this Place! Great food, great service and awesome price. Paid less than $150 for 6 people and we got the yelp discount. My father and fiance both got the  Ribeye and the rest of us ordered their Sunday Meal Deals, which was so much food. I loved their cornbread and their roasted corn side dish is a must try item.  I will go back next time in phoenix!"
"I've been a lot of places to eat and this place by far is now tied for 1st place on my places to eat! The atmosphere is great, the service is awesome, and the food is absolutely wonderful. I recommend this place to everyone. I hope they gets on the uber eats app so I can enjoy them more often!"
"When you walk in it feels very welcoming. The staff there is wonderful. Our server was on top of everything they were very quick at refilling our drinks and getting us anything we asked for. The food came out really fast which was surprising. I was highly satisfied with the quantity and quality of our food . The bbq ribs are to die for! I live over an hour away from this place, but it's worth the drive !"
"Cornbread? Yes, please! I love cornbread. This place is cool. We went for lunch and while it's decorated to look like a BBQ dive you can tell they wanted a ""trendy dive"" look if that even exists. I likes. 
First you get the cornbread, which is my favorite so I started off happy. I had a salad, but two people got BBQ. I know - who gets a salad the first time they go to a BBQ restaurant? That makes no sense. They liked the meats and I think my husband said ""meh."" about the sauce. The baby had mac and cheese which he loved (and I liked) and the chicken was also a winner. 

I have to say - donuts at the end of the meal? Um, no. Ugh, no.They tasted pretty heavy with oil and sure enough after about 2 minutes I had the worst stomach pain of my life. Just say no to the donuts, I beg you. Unless you plan ahead and  know you are going to have a donut and you save some room, otherwise they will put you over the edge, and I am saying that after having a salad! I have never been anywhere that gives you donuts for your ride home, so I guess that is original on their part, right?

Overall, I will go back, this place was fun! Next time, pulled pork."
"We had the opportunity to visit Bobby Q's for dinner on our last night of vacation in Phoenix.  It was dark when we headed out and their location put them about 8 miles away from our hotel.  As we headed into the area of town it is in, we began to worry that we had been given bad directions, but sure enough, past the high school here was this crazy, big building housing some of the best bar-b-que I've ever had.  It has a vast parking lot and as noted, is quite large.  Certainly larger than most bar-b-que joints I've been to.  We were greeted promptly and chose to eat in the bar area rather than wait 20 min for a table.  The fact that there was a wait at 7:00 PM on  a Thursday night again says something about how good this place is.  We were seated in a side by side booth near the bar, quite comfortable.  Patrick Buckley was our wait person, and should be teaching hospitality he was so good.  I had the baby back ribs and my wife had the ""Smoasted"" half chicken.  They started us with their amazing home made corn bread, and the meal came quickly behind.  Portions were good sized and the meal left us happy, happy, happy and waddling back to our hotel.  Although stuffed, we couldn't help ourselves and took an order of peach cobbler to go.  And, if that is not enough, before you leave they hand you bag of little home made sugar donuts they call ""Thank Q's"".  All of this and a full bar too.  I highly recommend going to Bobby Q's.  Take the drive, make the trip, you won't be disappointed."
"Absolutely amazing! By far the best bbq I ever had. Great service, great restaurant and great food. Can't wait to come back tomorrow!"
"Great, no AMAZING BBQ. It's not your petite BBQ joint where you get some BBQ on your lip. In this place you'll get BBQ everywhere!!! On your face, your cheeks, your eyeballs and even places you didn't think you touched when you were eating Bobby Q. The portions are HUGE, the price is on the HUGE size too but its worth it. My only issue is that when I was falling into a food coma, the Waiter didn't take notice and shoved HOME MADE donuts in my face. I about died."
"Well guys, was extremley disappointed.You really need to employ a good pit master. Brisket was way way overdone.Pulled pork was flavorless. St Louis ribs were also way over cooked. Not impressed. You should also have someone  visit the Carolina's to taste what ""real Carolina BBQ sauce tastes like. (you were nowhere close). This just goes to show that there is really no good BBQ joints in Phoenix just pretenders. The only enjoyable part of the meal was the cornbread and he sugar donuts.By the way keep hiring the kids as your waitstaff. They may be cute, but they have no idea how to wait on tables. Very disappointed.FYI way way way overpriced"
"This is good barbeque in an unlikely spot -- Phoenix.  The meats are all slow-cooked, so everything is fork-fall-apart, Kansas City-style.  They have some variations in sauces, too -- a vinegary Carolina-type sauce, a spicy one and a sweeter KC sauce.

The sides are well-prepared, including traditional cole slaw; corn; beans; potatoes.  For appetizers, try the sauteed shrimp...perfectly cooked and garlicky.  When all is said and done and you hate yourself for eating that much meat, they give you a brown bag of freshly made, sugary mini-donuts.  Just so you can hate yourself a little more.

Service is always friendly and usually prompt.  Recommended!"
"This place serves very good BBQ and the service is up to the task.  The ribs are wonderful as are the burgers and kids meals.  It's nice to have a ""go to""  BBQ joint in the valley.  Hope you all enjoy the food, atmosphere, and service as much as we do."
"Loved this place! I tried the St. Louis style ribs and they were right in the description.. They fell off the bone and had a good bark as well. The salads were great (which I also had). I was expecting a plain boring salad but no; It was delightful with plenty of veggies and extras. I didn't particularly care for the side of ranch beans, felt like they could have done a better job with making those tastier.. Also loved their complimentary ""thank Q"" doughnuts.. They were warm and tasted somewhat like a churro... The ambiance was fun and pleasing to the eye and I even heard their a night club on the other side of the restaurant which sounds like fun too. Overall I suggest anyone to come try this place, I don't think you will be disappointed."
"Wow!!! I must say I put them to the test and they passed with flying colors! Let's start at the beginning...We came at the worst time of the day for food quality & service in the restaurant world 3:45pm. We were greeted by the manager he was very polite & the server Ann quickly came over with a big smile to introduce herself. I quizzed her on vodka drinks she nailed it! Our food came out and was hot, fresh, and delicious! The portions sizes were perfect, meaning my eyes are bigger than my stomach and they didn't disappoint, leftovers!!!!! I had the baby back ribs and the meat fell off the bone, clean...  the mac & cheese and the corn were seasoned just right. My dish was very flavorful. My daughter had the pork sandwich and every time she took a bite she groaned, keep in mind we eat out EVERYDAY for ALL of our meals & we are PICKY!! No complaints. The cleanliness of the bathrooms and dining room were excellent! Ann was very attentive and the manager even checked on us to make sure we were enjoying everything. Definitely on the top of our restaurant list! Great Food, Great Service."
"Love this place!  Ugh the bad experience (see my review) at Red River BBQ was the most disgusting BBQ and over all worst experience. So my husband made it up to me by bringing me here to Bobby Q's. 

The Q'lada drink was great! The brisket was so moist and flavorful. Pecan coleslaw Yum!!!!

Service is very attentive and the management exceptional!!!"
"Best, BBQ, ever.

It made the 12-hour drive worth it.  

Between three people, we had the Hog Heaven: chicken, St. Louis ribs, babyback ribs, and brisket.

The sides were awesome too!  All of them!  

The service was also excellent.  Manager came by and asked if everything was alright and the place was packed.

Afterwards, we went to the lounge that's connected to the restaurant called Q-Lounge.  There were a lot of fat chicks.

Apparently the owners traveled all across America and sampled different types of BBQ and thereafter, created Bobby-Q."
"Came in here for dinner while staying in North Phoenix. Seated immediately (even though it looked busy!), waiter was friendly and made great beer, wine, and food suggestions. We ended up splitting a platter with St. Louis ribs, beef brisket, and smoked sausage with Mac and cheese and a dressed baked potato on the side. Scrumptious! Finished with a surprise bag of fresh homemade cinnamon donuts. If it wasn't so far from my home in the east valley I would definitely return!"
"I went to a beautiful wedding at Desert Foothills, which was catered by Bobby Q's. Absolutely incredible BBQ. I had the beef brisket, pulled chicken, ribs, smoked sausage and mac and cheese. The ribs and the sliced smoked sausage were AMAZING. So so good. I was in a nice pretty dress, fully planning on eating delicately....one bite, and I was out of control."
"Bobby Qs. Bobbbbbbbbby Qs. Where do I start. The service, always great. Manager/owner always stops at your table at least once to see how it's going. They don't even give  a second thought to fix the smallest complaint if one exists. The ribs are number one with the smokehouse burger(no salt) a close second. The shoe string fries love accompanying both(again no salt). The corn bread nicely introduces you, then the Q rolls or pizza with brisket fully loaded helps fill a section of your stomach up, and the entree knocks it out. This place has made it so that every other bbq place sucks lol. Go here order the ribs or burger and tell them to hold the salt. Enjoy"
"We went last weekend and they honestly had the fastest, friendliest service and the food was top notch. The manager came to our table and waited until we had already had the experience, she didn't ask at the beginning. Also she was helping to clear tables and jumped in where it was necessary. We had not been there in a few years and what a pleasant surprise to find out how great they continue to be."
I have got to say a friend brought a new resident last  night to welcome him to Az to your restruaunt. And I was shocked to find out  the way the bouncer treated him. I used to enjoy  Bobby Qs.  It is disappointing  that the bouncer would harass her very well dressed friend.
"Good service, decently priced, foods pretty quickly brought out! My boyfriend and I shared an entree with a two racks of ribs, and tri-tip! For our sides we had greens and sweet potatoes. Everything was delicious, very tender meat. And good flavor! Would come back-- haven't found a BBQ place out here that beats it yet"
"This place is always great! I took my daughter and wife after our softball tourney and they did not disappoint.  My wife said it was about the best BBQ she has had in a long time. (Next to mine of course).  If you are in Phoenix, I highly recommend this place.  Try the full rack of babyback and the Smoked Prime Rib."
"I travel to Phoenix quite a bit for work.  My cousin-workers and I go here every week when we are in town.  I love the brisket, baby back ribs and pulled pork.  Two of my coworkers split the Hog Heaven and could not finish it.  The cornbread and the donuts that they give per & post meal are an added bonus."
"I had a great experience for my first time at Bobby Q. The vibe seemed family-friendly but still quite lively. It's a spacious restaurant with plenty of room for large parties and there's also a full bar so you can order from their drink menu or have them make whatever you want. 

Our table ordered baby back and St. Louis ribs, brisket and sausage. Entrees come with sides so we got a few of them. The sides were ok, nothing special. The BBQ was pretty good. The brisket was almost too soft though, crumbling into smaller pieces as we picked at it. But it tasted good, smokey and flavorful. My favorite, surprisingly, was the sausage. And it was perfect with their tangy Carolina BBQ sauce. We also ordered appetizers, spinach dip and these brisket-filled egg rolls. Spinach dip was good that came with really garlicky garlic breads, so that was good. And the brisket rolls are their most popular appetizer for a reason. 

The food was good but it was really the service that impressed me. Even with how busy they seemed the food came out very fast. Our server, Julie, took the time to explain things to us and was very attentive and patient. The icing on the cake is that they bring out donuts for dessert! Warm, sugared donuts. So good and that was such a nice surprise. Good eats that was reasonably priced and we were treated very well. I'm coming back for sure."
"This place is just so racist, I can't deal with that manager and how he treats people who don't look like him."
"Wow! Some great barbecue at this place. It's a bad time to reminisce about the meal I had because I am hungry right now. I only wish the potato salad was more flavorful. Dessert, meal cornbread was all ridiculously delicious."
"Short version: The food is delicious and the service is wonderful! 5 stars.

Long version: 

Ambiance: i was impressed with this restaurant as soon as we stepped in. It reminds me of the Lucille's BBQ chain in decor and ambiance - classy yet family friendly, with southern comfort and hospitality. Their menu even has a truck on the cover.

Service: Excellent. All of the waitstaff was attentive and courteous. Our waitress explained the history of the restaurant to us since we told her we were first time visitors. 

When our party of three told her we were planning on splitting a whole rack of baby back ribs, we assumed we would get a large plate of whole ribs and then three plates. Instead, we got three separate plates portioned with 3 equal parts of ribs and the sides distributed evenly as well. Such an unexpected and very much appreciated gesture, considering that ribs are messy enough as it is!

Food: AMAZING! 

Sweet Tea ($2): Refreshing and sweet, but not in excess.

Corn Bread (free): The only thing served that I didn't enjoy. If you like dense, oily cornbread ""patties"", this might be your thing.

Cajun Shrimp ($11): The shrimp is marinated in cajun seasonings and beer and it is accompanied by garlic bread. The slightly alcoholic flavor paired well with the shrimp and cajun spices and the garlic bread was buttery, crispy, and not overwhelmingly flavored.

Baby Back Ribs ($26): The best bbq I've ever had in my life! To be fair, I'm not a huge bbq connoisseur, but the ribs are succulent, tender, flavorful and the bbq sauce adds a tangy flavor. The meat falls clean off the bone.

Shoestring fries (comes with ribs): They are extra skinny and salted to perfection - my favorite type of fries. Scrumptious.

Mac & cheese (comes with ribs): Creamy, cheddary with a delicious consistency. The BEST kind of mac and cheese to accompany a rack of ribs.

Thank Q Donuts: When you leave, they give you fresh, warm cinnamon donuts - and a lot too! They gave us 6 for our party of 3. An awesome touch.

This will be my new go-to bbq joint from now on :)

Tip: If you check in with yelp or foursquare and tell your waitress, they will give you 10% off your entire check. Be sure to tell the waiter before you ask for the check!"
"Holy Jesus it feels like I'm back in Texas when I'm eating here.  Bobby Q's has the best barbeque in Arizona, hell in the world.  I'm from Texas so I'm kinda picky when it comes to brisket, but Bobby Q's is the only place that does brisket justice in Arizona.  Check this place out!"
"It's just the best, anything you choose. I've had the chicken, the ribs, basically anything and have never had a complaint. The Mac n cheese is delicious, love the potatoes, and the appetizers are all amazing. The drinks are a bit pricey, but pretty good. Even though you'll be too full after dinner, they serve fresh donuts to your table when you're leaving."
"This is my reliable date night restaurant especially when in the mood for good BBQ. Experiences have always been fantastic that have led my fianc and I will be to book Bobby Qs for our rehearsal dinner. 

Considering our last visit and how busy it was our waitress Ashlynn was incredibly hospitable and everything exceeded our already high expectations."
We have been here several times love the atmosphere and wait staff is great Chelsea was awesome tonight. Just came in for happy hour and apps. Can't beat the price or service. Thanks see you soon. .....
"The brisket was amazing and service perfectly executed.  Each visit has been consistently good and I would suggest them to anyone needing a BBQ fix in Phoenix.  The ribs and Q-Roll appetizers (a brisket egg roll kinda thing) are so worth a try.  Other than location, I dare say theirs nothing negitive about the place.  I personally didn't care for the banana sub-zero dessert and I'm not even sure why its called so since all it seemed was jello mixed with banana pudding.  That's just my preference though since others seemed to like it. 

So I guess it would be fair to say, I love Bobby Q's...that said; I sure would like to see an option put on the menu where one could choose their steak hand-cut to order so I'd have the chance to get larger steaks. Perhaps a charge per ounce option maybe? A 32oz Strip, Sirloin, or even prime rib would be insanely assume!

A manager did kindly let me know a larger steak would be possible if I called ahead and that they'd be happy to have my dream steak custom cut and waiting with advance notice.  While I nearly squealed in hearing her say so, I just don't plan ahead like, so I'll probably never experience this

Everything else at BQ's so far (6 visits and counting) has been aca-ausume and  I'll be back time and time again since I now dream of that darn brisket!"
"First time and we loved it. There were 4 of us and we shared the hog heaven platter. So much food, it was priced right and the flavors were amazing. One complaint was the size of the sides that came with platter. They were not big enough to share, we ended up ordering another side and we're shocked at the price of that single side.
But overall we would definitely recommend and will go back. 
We especially liked the spicy bbq sauce, the pecan Cole slaw, the brisket, and the baby back ribs."
"I don't get it.  This does not do bbq justice.  bbq should be at a no-frills joint with limited service, a clear view of the smoker, and paper towels everywhere.  this looks more like a chili's.

Ordered the ribs and tasted mostly the sauce.  Which is okay sauce, but not the main draw when you order ribs.

Also the service was pretty mediocre to unprofessional."
Good beef briskets. Good boasted chicken. Flavorful meats with no extra fat garbage. The prices are fair. The service is always good. I've been to the Dunlap and the biltmore location. Both have nice settings. I love their free doughnuts as well. They give you free cornbread. Their Q rolls are the best tasting with brisket in there as well with chipotle sauce. This is one of the best BBQ places in AZ. Hands down.
"Hands down the best steak joint in the valley. Fast service, great tasting steaks, ribs you name it. Little pricy but well worth it."
"This is a great, casual restaurant experience. The food is delicious, the meat is tasty and tender, and the restaurant ambiance is perfectly fitting."
"AZ BBQ Skeptic officially converted!  I've long been unconvinced of 'good' BBQ in AZ.  I've tried them all and not been impressed to say the least.  I'm kind of spoiled with good BBQ and a bit of a snob because where I'm from, Texas, BBQ is a religion; much like chili and football.  But alas!  I have found BBQ, very good BBQ here in AZ, at Bobby Q's.  We ordered a platter of beef ribs, brisket and pulled pork.  It was properly 'Texas' sized too!  I can't even tell you how tender the beef was because my description will not justify it.  I will tell you, the VERY thick, juicy and tasty meat literally fell off the VERY large bone when simply picked up from the plate.  The pulled pork was just as good but that's not hard to mess up.  The real BBQ gauge for me was in the brisket.   And again, I must confess, no description of mine will get even remotely close to how heavenly it truly was.  It far exceeded my expectation and I'll just say, the bar I set was very high!  So, I'm a fan of this BBQ as long as it stays as is, where is.  I'll close by saying the mac-n-cheese rocked and my incredible dinner finale of peach cobbler would have made my Granny proud!   This is truly a ""don't miss"" eatery!"
Best bbq in Az hands down. There is nothing on the menu that is not top notch all the way down to the homemade mac and cheese. Service is off the charts. Atmosphere is great. Award winning cheeseburger to boot. The only thing I wish they had was a dessert menu that included a cheesecake but I can't knock off for that.
"Great BBQ, and very friendly service. It's not quite a ""5"", as it doesn't stand out with the superlative factor leaving a ever lasting impression. Nevertheless, it's worth a stop it your nearby and looking for some good BBQ."
"Anyone that knows anything about BBQ and large chain restaurants knows that it is extremely hard to mass produce BBQ and still make it delicious. For this very reason I was skeptical about going to Bobby Q. Then I looked at the ratings and saw that the restaurant has a greater than 4 star rating. I HAD TO GIVE IT A SHOT! 

I ordered the full rack of ribs and loaded baked potato with mac and cheese on the side. WHOA! I must say that Bobby Q thoroughly impressed me! The smokey taste and tenderness of the ribs was out of control. Not to mention, when I was done, I was full as a tick! I actually thought I was the one in the back of the restaurant Q'ing it up on the smoker. But after I woke up from my daydream, I realized that Bobby Q is or SHOULD BE a staple in the greater Phoenix area. 

When I come back to Phoenix, this is definitely one of the restaurants that I will have to indulge in a repeat visit, just to make sure I wasn't in a dream of bliss and desire. 

Bobby Q's... Phoenix is supposed to be well known for Mexican food and taco shops, well, my friends, you have made your mark, I will remember Bobby Q's for BBQ!"
Was in Arizona for spring training.   The whole place was filled from fans from different cities.   All the ribs were great the brisket was awesome also.  For side orders we had Mac and cheese and beans were all great.  Service was awesome our waiter was Johnny on the spot with anything we needed.   Hope to come next year.
"Have been to this place several times and just love it. Food is great and service is wonderful. Great atmosphere, a little pricey but it makes for a great date night!"
This place is a great place to come with friends and have a great cocktail and great barbeque at the same time. There's a reason why everyone should check this place out at least once in their lifetime. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. If I return to Arizona I will definitely bring more friends here with me!
"I just went here for lunch today after reading lots of good reviews. I have to say that I cannot argue with the great reviews. The atmosphere is fun and the prices were decent. I ordered the brisket with mac and cheese, BBQ beans, and pecan coleslaw. The hubby ordered the brisket, pulled pork, shoestring fries and roasted veggies. The meats was amazing, so tender and moist. The BBQ sauce had the perfect flavor, not too tangy but not too sweet, and also not too thick. And the sides, OMG sooooo good. The mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy, the beans were sweet and meaty, and the coleslaw was creamy, refreshing, and the pecans were a nice contrast. The hub let me try his fries and although they were very small and thin, they had a good flavor and I loved that some were soggy (I love soggy, greasy fries). Oh and how could I forget, they give you cornbread cakes before your dinner arrives. They were very tasty. They also give you mini hot doughnuts with cinnamon and sugar at the end of your meal. They were good, however, a little dry. I think they could have used more flavoring in the dough or maybe some sort of icing to dip them in. My only other complaint is that our waitress was a bit slowing in refilling our water and bringing a box along with our check. I would say that this place definately lives up to the hype and positive reviews. However, living in Maricopa, it takes close to an hour to get to Bobby Q's. So I probably wont be driving out there just to eat at Bobby Qs but if I was in the neighborhood, I would definately make sure to stop  :)"
A gem in the Phoenix area for good smoked BBQ. My favorite is the Sunday's Whole Hog combo to share with three. The smoked prime rib here is also a treat. I love the corn bread while you wait!
"Winner winner bbq dinner.  Been here several times.  Everything has been pretty spot on.  Only thing I would pass on is the brisket pizza (and I love pizza) it's kinda dry and unnecessary.  Ribs, brisket, mac n cheese, burger, sausage, brisket, corn muffins are all delicious.  Never been disappointed here"
Excellent food. Atmosphere and service.  Been coming to this place since it was Bobby McGees.    Highly recommend
"As a GM of a Bar/Restaurant it was a delight to see my Bartender have passion for Bobby Q's. When  asking the different questions about the menu she was right in it and gave great detail. I truly believed that she knew what she was saying! Thank you Ciara for your great personality. Even the other waitress kept asking me, ""Isn't she the greatest?"", yes she was!"
"Loved the food, service and overall experience. Travis was the server he was really friendly, attentive and helpful. He recommended the brisket, corn bread and corn. Omg they were amazing! I would recommend them. We will definitely be back."
"Had never been here before. The women sitting next to us told us we had to try the Q rolls which we did. Almost a ""brisket in a blanket""  type appetizer. I like them best dipped in the chipotle sauce they came with, my husband liked them dipped in the barbecue sauce which was a little sweet for my taste.  I had a brisket sandwich with a baked potato and my husband had the salmon dinner with fries and mac & cheese. (yes, I made fun of him for getting salmon at a barbecue place-- but he said it was delicious!). Very large portions--- be prepared for a food coma afterwords!  The brisket was very good! The server was wonderful, and very knowledgeable about the menu. A nice touch was fresh made cinnamon donuts that were given to you at the end of the meal."
"Bobby Q in Phoenix deserves fifty stars, sixty even. This place is AUTHENTIC and FRESH. The barbecue is REAL and not microwaved. This experience at Bobby Q was the best one that I have had at a restaurant in Phoenix, in years. Taylor, the manager was PHENOMENAL. The absolute, hands down, most personable, nice, friendly, and understanding manager we have ever met. He chatted with us, made sure that we had everything we needed, and then retrieved a box and checked back in on us when we were finished. Our server, Mara, was so sweet, on top of our needs, and super friendly. She told us all about the restaurant and her great experiences with the team. I couldn't have asked for a better dinner to have had on date night with my husband. Keep rocking Bobby Q! And thank you Mara and Taylor. You both were the absolute best!"
This place is a Solid B.  As a guy from KC I feel qualified to say they have great BBQ.  Those rolls and brisket are really good.  The place is a pretty nice restaurant and I hate nice BBQ places.  The prices are pretty high and truthfully you could do better for less money.
"Awesome BBQ! We ordered beef ribs, baby back ribs, and a brisket sandwich. Apparently, their meat is smoked for 22 hours or more. The ribs were super tender and the brisket was juicy. The sides we ordered, corn, shoestring fries, and mac n cheese were good as well. Also included in the meal was cornbread. That little guy was delicious! Would we come back? We will definitely come back."
"Holy Shiznit! Food was AMAZING!!!  Pulled Pork, Ribs and Brisket were off the hook! You MUST get the Mac & ChZ! Save room for their little donuts....puts a Churro to Shame!!!"
"Really impressed with the service and quality of the food here. Overall, the best BBQ I've had to date. Highly recommended. Be sure to make reservations!"
"Have been back two time since. This place is just amazing. Service is always way above and beyond. This time Riley was our server and he did an amazing job. Portions are always good, flavors are amazing, and service is prompt and non-intrusive. What more could you want from a restaurant?"
"Great service, great food, great time at Bobby Q! We started with the Q rolls, cornbread then went with the baby backs and brisket...everything was excellent. I highly recommend this restaurant."
It's been awhile since I've had some good ribs.  Bobby Q has fall off the bone ribs and the mac n cheese was so good.  Everthing was delicious.  Our server was friendly and helpful. I will be back for more. YUMMY!
"Sometimes I am annoyed with this Yelp rating system having only full stars. I want to give 3.5 stars. 
In any case, Bobby Q is a good BBQ place to go to in phx. Other than being in such a random location, the food is what you'd expect. I'm coming all the way from Gilbert and honestly there is one other BBQ spot in Gilbert, I'd also recommend.
I personally enjoy the ribs and fries at Bobby Q's though. I'm not a big fan of their pulled pork but that may just be me. I did like their mac and cheese and of course their check-in special! The little donuts at the end are also a nice treat.
The reason I am not giving them 4 stars is because my friend seemed to have gotten food poisoning after eating here. I am sure they keep things clean, but somehow something got through.
Again though, I'd still recommend this BBQ joint. Not too shabby, but not really WOW either."
"We orginally set out in search of another bbq place but it was closed so we ended up at Bobby Q!  Thinking it was going to be a chain-style restaurant.  Boy, were we wrong!  The building and atmosphere was true to the BBQ tradition.  SUNDAYS at Bobby Q!!  $28 got us a family feast of Smoked Chicken, Smoked Brisket, Smoked Ribs(St. Louis style), Smoked Pulled Pork, 2 sides (We chose Mac & Cheese, Mashed Potatoes), Cornbread.  The cornbread was slightly sweet, buttery and very moist!  All the meat was very tender.. but I am partial to brisket which really impressed me the most...  My boyfriend loves ribs and said on the ride home that they are better than his favorite.  The spicy BBQ sauce was a little too tangy for me and needed more kick.  The server Jon was very informative about the menu and knowledgable about BBQ.   We left very full and happy with alot of food to take home!  It was worth the drive across town!"
"Took previous reviews and had the Brisket sandwich... Very good! Beans- loved them!! Corn bread yummy as well. Alicia our server was so sweet, friendly and accommodating! Definite place to visit again"
You need to make a reservation for this place because it is always packed. It's always packed because it's amazing. The entire family loves it.
"So we've run the gamut of dining opportunities here at Bobby Q's - Lunch, Dinner, Take away.  And each and every time, H-E-A-V-E-N on a plate.  Service is prompt but not rushing.  Nice without being pretentious.   Casual and welcoming atmosphere.  And the food - simply yummy.    If you have the kidlins with you, they have plenty of kid friendly foods.  It's a great place and we've never been disappointed!"
"The food here is spectacular... however it was eclipsed by our server Austin. He was so attentive and friendly. We enjoyed the prime rib and the sirloin ... both were cooked to perfection and very tasty. The sides complemented the steaks but the standout had to be the Mac & Cheese - simply incredible. We recommend the Iron Stone Merlot  off the wine list. We finished off dinner with the Sub Zero Banana Pudding , it's a great dessert without an overpowering  banana flavor. We highly recommend Bobby Qs and of you go ... ask for Austin."
Very good food and service. Nice bar area with TV available.
BEST RIBS I HAVE EVER HAD! No joke. The amount of ribs you get for the price is insane. They also give you free donuts at the end as a go home treat. And those things are like crack to me. You MUST eat here if you love BBQ and live near phoenix.
"Amazing. Service almost makes me wonder if they've been professionally trained, they're so efficient and attentive. Starting cornbread was surprisingly moist and tasty, and main meal sides all had just that one extra touch to make it better than average (ex. pecans with the traditional cole slaw, extra garnish on potato salad), with the roasted corn especially good. Steak, chicken, and shrimp were delicious (steak especially so, best I've had in a while). We came in less than an hour before the restaurant closed and service and quality of food didn't drop at all. A great restaurant experience and would recommend."
The food was very good! The service was awesome!! The waiter Dylan took very good care explained everything to us on the menu and was very knowable with everything on the menu. The manager Jason was also awesome he came to our table several times and took very good care of us!!! I would recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
"Brisket is flavorful and moist. Service from Jake was prompt and off the charts friendly.
Will visit again.
Next time need to try their house ale."
"Let's start with the name. What a clever double entendre!BBQ and Bobby Q. Love it. 
First time here a few days ago and totally impressed. The staff is so friendly and courteous. Sadly this is a lost art. So I love it when you find restaurant staff really enjoying being good hosts. 
Now to the decor: love the rustic interior. Very warm and cozy. 
Last but not the least, the food. Well I can attest to the quality of the ribs and the brisket accompanied by the tasty sauce. Yessir!
Will surely come back for more and check out the other stuff on the menu. 
Keep it up y'all!"
Bobby Q was excellent for Father's Day lunch. Service was excellent and the food was the best BBQ ever! This is the best BBQ in Arizona! Yummm
"it's been too long since I have eaten here, I need to go back again sometime soon because, hands down, this is the best barbeque restaurant that I've been to in Phoenix.  I was pleasantly surprised, it surpassed all of my expectations and I'm not even a big ""bbq"" type person!  now that's saying a lot!"
"Great food, great value, great ambiance, great service!  Loved it!  The delicious donuts that came with the bill were to die for!  If Phoenix didn't suck so bad, I would consider moving here to be closer to Bobby Q!"
"Bobby Qs isn't the type of place I usually go for.  Its a very touristy kind place, almost like a Macaroni Grill for BBQ.  The big difference though between this place and Macaroni Grill is the fact that the food is actually really good at Bobby Qs.  The staff was very efficient and knowledgeable about the menu.  One of my pet peeves is when a staff member has to go and ask someone about a question I have about the menu.  Its pretty obvious the staff here is trained really well.  I had the ribs which were perfectly cooked.  Again though, not the type of place I go for, its also kind of has a upscale feel almost, but definitely not your hole in the wall BBQ place."
"Amazing in every way. Food was great, customer service was exceptional, prices were decent, and the building was really cool. This place shines in an area that is a figurative food desert in a literal desert. Why only 4 stars?  Sadly, the dessert menu is paltry. However, you get a bag of mini doughnuts when you pay the bill-sweet!"
"I was told this place is a must try, and while the atmosphere and staff are great, the barbecue is pretty standard. I had a three meat combo of St. Louis style ribs, pulled pork and brisket. The pulled pork didn't have much texture and was kinda mushy. The ribs were very tender and had a nice rub  to them. The brisket was a bit dry and needed a bit of sauce to make it good. The coleslaw was creamy but not too creamy and beans were pretty pedestrian. Overall what really makes this place is the atmosphere and the service, otherwise fairly average. Oh the donuts to go are a nice touch on your way out!"
Travis was our server and we had a large group. He did and excellent job with all the orders and keeping up with our needs. The food was excellent; I had the smokehouse burger and it was delicious. If ever in Phoenix again we'll definitely be back. Everyone enjoyed their meals.
OMG..meat coma with the whole hog feeds 2+..So good I couldn't stop eating. Sides were delicious too and be sure to ask for an extra side of spicy bbq sauce. So amazing. Love love this place. I came to take out an order and was immediately greeted and offered a complimentary beverage..I chose ice tea and waited about 15 to 20 min for the while hog. So worth the wait and I even got to sit with a chicken rotisserie sitting in front of me.
"I'm sad it's taken me over a year of living just down the road to finally make it to Bobby Q.  I think it was because I moved from Florida, where BBQ is delicious and cheap, and I was reluctant to ""splurge"" on pulled pork at a place like this.  

The ambiance is fantastic, you feel great walking in.  The last star was left off for service, which I wasn't a huge fan of.  We were attended to just fine, but I wasn't a fan of our waiter's demeanor.  He didn't seem to know the menu well, which is a shame because it isn't huge.  I kind of felt like he was reading a script, emphasizing the whole ""smoked for 18 hours"" thing, which rubbed me the wrong way.

But aside from the waiter not being invited to my Christmas party, the place was great.  The food was really delicious, and well worth the money.  I believe that with an appetizer, any 2 people could easily share any entree.  

I do have to say this - if you go, do NOT skip out on the banana dessert.  OUT OF THIS WORLD.  I am a freak for banana pudding, but this treat is on a whole new level.  It was thick and custardy, cold and delicious.  The best part was the crust, which was almost granola-esque.  I've never had anything like it, and doubt I ever will... until I go back to Bobby Q for some more!"
"Was in Phoenix for the weekend for you sporting event, traveling by myself, so looked around for a good meat/barbecue restaurant and chose Bobby Q's because of Yelp reviews and I was absolutely blown away, food was great, large portions, and most noteworthy was the service... From the bartenders, the waiters, and even the people handling the hostess station, they we're all tremendously friendly and pleasant, and seemed genuinely interested in customer satisfaction."
"Bobby Q has great BBQ at an reasonable price and above average portions.  You will not leave hungry.  

Don't let the exterior of the building fool you.  It looks ghetto and run down but I think that is the look that they want.  Once inside, it looks better and again the BBQ is delicious !

Friendly servers.  Complimentary donuts.  Yes, I'm a fan !"
"Bobby Q's has excellent barbeque with a great atmosphere, service, and happy hour specials.  I went with a large party (18) co-workers from all over the country and everyone was extremely satisfied with their selections. The ribs and slow cooked brisket and pork were delicious and the selection excellent.  Their desserts were delectable as well (I had the chocolate cake)."
"I visited Bobby Q's in March 2013. Let me just preface this review by saying I am not the biggest BBQ fan there is. I lean more toward the veggies when it comes to food preferences, and you'll certainly never see me eating ribs.

That being said, I LOVED Bobby Q's! I had a cheeseburger (yes, I do eat burgers), and it was downright delicious. Mac and cheese was amazing as well. My friend had the ribs and couldn't get over them.

Highly recommended!"
"I have been to Bobby Q a couple of times now and LOVE this place.
If you have a date that you need to impress and still fill your carnivorous desires, this is the place!  It's all good: ribs, juicy brisket, smoky chicken, can't go wrong here. 

The atmosphere is awesome at Bobby Q's the outside is Caribbean and the inside classy. The only improvement I would like to see would be the lunch menu on the weekends."
"Like most people who grew up here I have driven by this place a thousand time, and gone in a few. Bobby Q's has always been known for its bar. The night life, has always been it calling card; now that has changed. 

Last night I took my wife there for an anniversary dinner we started off with a few drinks. Bar staff were friendly and attentive. My wife had the Chocolate martini, that's a desert before dinner.  We had reservations at 7:30, and we were seated at 7:32. The place was packed, so when you go, get a reservation. We started with Cajun shrimp, good serving, and it was a short wait for the appetizer. Good quality corn bread was brought out with our appetizer. We really wanted to try the prime rib. I researched, and found that Bobby Q's has been voted the best, and they are right. Prime rib was tender, and you almost don't need a knife. The flavor was outstanding. I like a lot of people like horseradish, and they have the creamy type, and fresh ground, and it is fresh. When you bit in, and feel the heat in your nostrils.. That is fresh. The other side were as good, and the pecan coleslaw was outstanding! One person I talked to about Bobby Q's said it was a bit pricey, but the quantity and quality of food you get is worth it. Our server (I wish I remembered her name) was great. She was there when you want her, and not when you don't. Desert was apple cobbler, tart apples, crunchy crusts, and good vanilla ice cream; Granny would be proud. 
The only one thing that was not to my taste, and this is not the fault of the restaurant is the noise.. A lot of people drinking, eating, and talk tends to do that, but the swap of that food for a little noise, it's worth it..

If you haven't tried this place yet, you're missing it. All you people like me who remember Bobby ""s for the bar scene; well its different now."
"This place rocks! Great BBQ, friendly, knowledgable, professional waitress, food was served piping hot. The roasted corn was also excellent. The only downside was no burnt ends."
"This is one of my favorite spots! My 6 year old LOVES it here! 

Baby Back Ribs = AMAZING! 
Burgers = JUICY! 
Brisket = PERFECT! 
Pulled Pork = SPECTACULAR! 

They have great shoe string fries! The only thing that falls a little short was the corn bread. Needs a little perfecting. Very reasonably priced."
"Amazing!!!  Great atmosphere and service. Lunch platter is a CANT MISS. 
Homemade mac and Cheese side is amazing"
Bobby Qs is a place I trust for great food. Tonight my girl friends steak was not exactly how she wanted it prepared but she feared saying anything. When Jason at the bar asked if she liked her meal she kinda shrugged a bit and he immediately offered to make it right. The manager came by to offer her apologies and she made sure it came out perfect in just a couple minutes. Bottom line is things were made right and the manager even comped the steak which was not necessary but was welcomed with enough enthusiasm for me to write a review to share our experience. I highly recommend Bobby Qs and will be back for sure.
"This place is really nice and the staff is very friendly, but the BBQ is not good!  There is a sign above the place that says ""Voted Best in the U.S."" which really has me scratching my head.  Best what???  Certainly not the BBQ!  And certainly not in the U.S.!  I had the baby back ribs and they came out absolutely swimming in overly sweet sauce.  My wife had the Southern Fried Chicken and it came out soggy and undercooked.  I only complain because of the pretentious signs proclaiming they are the best and the really high price tag on the dishes.  

As I said, the service was good and the place is very nice inside and out.  I would love to try something else like their steaks, but honestly with a first try this bad I can't go back.

Unfortunately, with the exception of one place in Phoenix, there is still nowhere to get quality bbq in town.  Seems everyone's definition of BBQ here is crushing every piece of meat with ridiculously tangy sauce to cover the fact that they don't know what they're doing."
"Our office gets Bobby Q's catering for meetings, and everyone loves it. The barbecue is great. My favorite is their yummy macaroni and cheese."
The perfect burger. Awesome BBQ! NEVER a bad meal!
"New to Arizona from Texas and I know Bar B Q, not many places here that I have eaten at that the food was good, I was really surprised that the food here was very good, not Texas quality but very tasty, I will be back"
My first time here and I LOVED it! The BBQ sauce was excellent. I had the two meat platter with spicy sausage links and St. Louis ribs. Excellent!! The roasted corn side is excellent. I didn't get to try but the peach cobbler looked delicious. Next time!  I really like the ambience of the place. It had a cool vibe. This would be a great place to come for any occasion. Great for out of town guests or family dinner.
"Best Mac N Cheese in town!! Best steak, best ribs, best onion rings...I don't think I've ever tried something I didn't love! Very friendly staff. ""Take out"" is fast and best of all the pint of mac n cheese is only like $4 including the Best corn bread in town!! Lol"
"Ordered the Combination of Half a Slab of Baby Back Ribs and Catfish, along with Baked Potato,  Mac and Cheese and Roasted Corn. Quite a complete meal that we shared it among 2 people and still could not eat all of it. The Baby Back Ribs were super tender and moist and as a cut each rib, the meat would just fall off the bone. The Catfish was good, would have been nice with some tarter sauce. The sides were average, not great, but not bad. The baked potato was loaded with butter, sour cream, chives and Bacon so that was a winner, the mac and cheese was good but when the waitress said that is their recommendation and the best side, I expected a little more. The Roasted Corn when we ordered expected a ear of corn roasted over a grill, but what we received was an inch of 2 ends of corn on the cob and loose corn kernels in a small bowl which could have been corn from a can.

Salmon Dinner was a generous slab of fish and was well prepared. It was grilled and had a good crisp grilled skin which was very good and it came with 2 sides which my daughter choose the mac and cheese plus vegetables. 

Cornbread is very good and the waiter was generous enough to give us another basket. 

At the end if your meal, wait for the sugar donuts! Served warm they are killer!

Overall experience was very good with service and ability to park while restaurant was busy."
"Love the food. Always fantastic. Service is hit n miss. Met my hubby here 18 years ago, when it was Bobby McGee's so it has a special place in our hearts. Bobby Q's should follow the Ray Kroc motto- put your money on the talent(service)."
"I worked here for quite sometime... I can honestly say this is one of the cleanest, tastiest, and most affordable ""just past casual"" dining you will ever encounter. There is literally no bad item on the menu; however, I can honestly say the Smokehouse Burger, BBQ Brisket, and Mac and Cheese outdoes the rest of the menu. The atmosphere can be a little dark, but creates a more private experience. Service is some of the best I have ever encountered."
"I've driven by this spot so many times on the 17 and finally decided to look it up on yelp.  Based on the mostly rave reviews my boyfriend and I decided to give it a shot.

First off I was really excited about the mac n cheese since so many people said it was amazing.  I was severely disappointed and agree with another reviewer who said it tasted like velveeta.  I'm convinced that's exactly what it was.  The beans tasted like watered down canned baked beans.  Okay, now that the bad is out of the way let me tell you about the good.

We ordered the Q rolls as recommended and we weren't disappointed.  Both sauces were tasty.  We couldn't decide on what to get so we went with hog heaven to try a bit of everything.  We chose the St. Louis ribs, the beef ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.  Our sides were mac n cheese, beans, and roasted corn.  We had to ask for cornbread.

The cornbread was good, on the caky side but still good.  The roasted corn was very good, I recommend it.  The brisket and pulled pork were definitely up to par.  I grew up on both.  They weren't quite my dad's, but still worthy of recommendation.  Both ribs were fall off the bone.  I hadn't has St. Louis ribs before and I wont get them again.  They were on the spicy side, which I personally don't prefer.  The beef ribs were very tasty and I would order them again.

After waiting for some boxes we started to look around at the other tables.  The baked potatoes look awesome, stuffed to the hilt of goodness.  They also had vegetables.  No mac n cheese or beans in sight.  We'll definitely follow suit next time.

All in all we were pleased with the experience.  The main food was done right and the restaurant and atmosphere was great.  The service was definitely to our liking.  The 10% off from yelp was also a bonus :)

We are both huge fans of honey bears and their sauce, although as of late the ribs haven't been fall off the bone.  We are considering buying honey bears' sauce and getting Bobby Q's beef ribs to go without the sauce."
"If your a true BBQ lOVER as I am this is the one to visit! I've had the ribs, pulled pork, and brisket and it's all good. I've drive out of my way and don't mind passing other by on the way. A little pricey but we'll worth it, I'll definitely be back again and again two thumbs up"
"By far the best bbq I've ever had! I read the reviews and I've heard the hype but I needed to make my own judgement. Absolutely delicious. We went (party of 5) on a busy Saturday night so they told us the wait would be about an hour. It didn't take that long at all and if it did, it would be worth the wait. I got the brisket with Mac and cheese (def recommend) and ranch beans. Very good! Our server was Rebecca and she was so great. She was attentive and filled us in on the drinks and the menu. Manager came by and checked how everything was (my favorite thing). Overall fantastic experience and we definitely will be returning!"
"It's been a while wince I've been here, and I've only been once, but that's all it took. My girlfriend and I had gone in on a whim to try something new, and I'm always hesitant about bbq places, as most here are really dry or burnt. I ordered the beef ribs with their spicy bbq sauce. Now this is where the fun begins. When our food came out, it looked incredible. I wanted to dive right in to those ribs, so I pick it up by the bone, and nearly all the meat fell off. You could cut it wit a spoon. It was so tender and flavorful. It's definitely a meal I will never forget. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to experience bbq the way it should be."
"I wish I can give this place 5 stars! Everything was damn close to perfect. From the moment I walked in I was greeted with friendly smiles and warm welcomes. I sat at the bar top where I was greeted within 30 seconds. The bartender showed me the happy hour specials and told me how they prepare their meats. My drink never went under half, it was always refilled! Corn bread was super fresh and Mac and cheese was amazing. The bartenders customer service is top notch, they are definitely a model of amazing service. 

The ONLY reason my review is getting only 4 stars is because my steak was WAY over cooked. I asked for Med Rare and it came out with a slight pink center. However it was still really juicy!"
"Been by this place for years on the 17, but never stopped in. My girlfriend went for lunch months ago, said it was good. We ended up being in the area, and decided to grab dinner here. 

Building is very cool, like an entrance queue to a ride at Knotts Berry Farm. Dig it. 

For a Wednesday night, this place is super busy, which is a good sign. Even better when I can get a table immediately because I don't care where I sit! 

Being a KC native, I'm very skeptical of BBQ west of the Rockies. I haven't had anything to knock my socks of anywhere in the Southwest. The menu here is huge, which is also a drastic departure from any BBQ place I've ever been to. Prices are definitely on the higher side, too. 

Ordered Q-Rolls to start, based on our server's recommendation, which were actually very good. Brisket wrapped in puff pastry, I could easily eat a manhole sized plate of these things. Awesome. I had the brisket platter. Brisket was good, definitely delivers, but not in my top 10 brisket adventures. With the excellent ranch beans and so-so mac and cheese, it was solid, but not worth $20, as portions are on the smaller side. Others at my table said the same about their ribs and chicken, too. 

Spicy sauce was served in a stainless pitcher, and was very forgettable. Good BBQ sauce is tough to find anywhere (especially since most, even Gates as of late, are just HFCS infused sugar shit these days), but Bobby's sauce was neither spicy or tasty. 

Beer is served in actual pint glasses (which I haven't seen in years), not the 12 oz. ""pint"" glasses we've all become accustomed to. Nice touch. 

Service was OK. Food came out reasonably quick. Manager checked in with us 2-3 times, which seemed a bit odd, but nice to see that leadership is engaged at this place. Or maybe our server was in the doghouse, unclear!

We basically decided that, while we dug the building, the service was decent and the food was OK, there really isn't any reason to come back since the value isn't there."
"We wanted to go here on an April Saturday before heading out to the West Valley for an engagement.  I called for a reservation and they were pretty much booked.  Well we decided to just go and eat early since BBQ is hard to digest after about age 40 anyway.  We got in just after 5 and had no problem getting a seat.  By the time we left the lines were out the door and people pouring in.

Am I glad we went.  Coming from Chicago, Phoenix (esp Scottsdale) food can disappoint I've always thought.  This proved me wrong.  There's great BBQ in IL (yes its true, very true) and this was just as good as any I've had or better.  The ribs, briskit, and sausage all excellent.  I'm told they smoke the meats 22 hours - and it shows.  They are succulent, tasty, and NOT dry at all.  Their sauce - spicy and tangy - both excellent.  And the clincher - the sides are on par with the quality of the meat.  So many times, the meat is good but the sides are lacking.  Not the case here.  The mashed potatoes and the pecan slaw are exceptional.  And of course, the hot donuts at the end.  What a way to clean the palate.

Five star BBQ.  The lines and long wait are well justified.  The location is a bit out of the way for us, but it's worth the drive.  The neighborhood isnt great but that's just central Phoenix for you.  I can't wait to go back and try something new.  And to re-try what I've already had.  

Outstanding."
Thought I'd try it again after going there about a year ago and not digging it at all.  The sides are better than the bbq...tried the baby backs and found them to not be seasoned with spices at all.Lot's of smoke flavor if that's all you're looking for. Thank goodness for bbq sauce which was pretty good.
"Got the Whole Hog Heaven with my family, they ran out of the beef ribs but we still enjoyed two types of ribs, meat and three different sides. With the meats, the beef brisket is for sure one of the best! This is such a great platter for a good price if you've a group of 4/5. I'd definitely recommend this place(: And their cornbread is absolutely amazing! Light, fluffy and buttery (: Lastly, the service was magnificent (our waiter's name is Hunter) and we even got these cute (and delicious) donuts before we left."
You just can't go wrong here! The food is top notch and the staff are soo friendly and happy! A very well run restaurant!!
"Q- rolls, golden cornbread and pure 100% meaty BBQ - topped it off with a delicious frozen cocktail. We each ordered a two meat entree: pulled pork, beef ribs, and brisket - WOW!!! Sides of ranch beans, macaroni and cheese and shoestring fries - AMAZing. We've been in AZ 6 years and finally gave this place a go without 0 regrets. We will be back!!"
Beef ribs were amazing. Tender and falling off bone. Just enough sauce. Sides of fries and coleslaw were solid. Corn bread muffin was a juicy and tasty. Great atmosphere and great food
"Excellent service! Came for lunch on a week day, the ambiance was perfect for a BBQ - not to mention the insanely good mac and cheese!"
"Okay based on the abundant reviews we decided to try the lunch menu. I had first thought of ordering the whole hog heaven but didn't think there would be enough for four so we each ordered individual meals. I had the soup and slider. I had the baked potato soup with a brisket slider. The soup was good not as thick as  others I have tried and the slider was awesome. The roll was nicely toasted and a good portion of brisket. I should have asked for extra sauce as my sandwich went dry halfway through.  My family ordered the the catfish po boy kids chicken finger,jumbo bbq potato,sampler platter and a brisket platter. The only complaint we had was on the brisket platter.... Small potion for the pride. Overall there was a vote at the table on how bobby q fared against another famous bbq place and the results were... Cornbread... Bobby q.... Mac n cheese ... FD.... Tea... Bobby q... Brisket .... Split soup Bobby q and fries split. Overall for a family of six we would probably go back to the famous platter of meats and fixings but I enjoyed the service and food today at Bobby Q's."
Excellent the Brisket was to die for.  Server was very good and explained everything since it was our first time there but it will not be the last.
"Best BBQ I've ever been to. 

The food was absolutely fantastic. You have to get the hog and share so everyone gets to try all the different kinds of meat.we ordered every single side dish and they were all fantastic. The service was great like a friendly family. Both kids and adults loved the whole experience. Very cool atmosphere. 

Don't leave without having the complimentary fresh doughnut"
We arrived early for our reservation for a party of five and sat at the bar. Very Friendly service throughout the evening. A very nice selection of beer on tap and a full assortment of beverages can be had. All five of us ordered a variety of BBQ dinners and each person was very pleased with their meals.
"Food is amazing, service is great! The prices are very reasonable especially for how much food you get. 

On the flip side, I wouldn't do the nightclub that it turns into after dark. They charge a cover for both males and females. The drinks are overpriced and the atmosphere is stuffy. Clientele that shows up after dark is very sketchy. Would never go there without a guy in tow. But I would definitely go for lunch or dinner! It's such a 180 its unbelievable!"
"We love to come to Bobby Q's and eat our hearts out. We always order Bbq wings as our appetizer and they never disappoint. Crispy chicken covered in their signature sauce. You are also served fresh cornbread to start too, and it's super good! I always order Mac & cheese with a pulled chicken bbq sandwich. White meat chicken piled high with their delicious bbq sauce. The Mac & cheese is ooey gooey in the best way. To end the meal they bring fresh from the fryer cinnamon sugar mini donuts, and yep they're complimentary! The food here is always consistently good, they are always busy but the service is great, and the food is so good you'll be craving it the next day. Will not disappoint!"
Each bite into my food brought a tear to my eye. I will base my next trip to Phoenix around visiting this wonderful establishment again.
"Don't go there if you are vegetarian, but if you like meat, that's the place to be!!! I came for the weekend to play some golf. Found the place on Yelp and went there for dinner on Friday night. Went again for lunch on Sunday..:). The service was fast, good, even when the waitress forgot one item (maybe she didn't believe that we can eat that much...), still it was much better than other places.
I had the Cajun shrimps and prime rib on Friday. Sides: Corn and coleslaw. Was great. Sunday was even better: the three meat combo: Texas ribs, st. Louis ribs and beef brisket. Same sides. Didn't eat until Monday...So if you are in Phoenix and love smoke house don't miss it!!
And yes, clean restroom!!!"
"This was my first time eating at Bobby Q's, I had  9 guests including myself with no reservation. The ladies up front greeted myself as well as everyone else and asked us to wait. We were seated in a timely fashion. The prices were EXTREMLEY overpriced for the crap food you get. The mashed potatoes and gravy were cold, and goopy, the macaroni and cheese was soupy. I took 1 bite and sent it back! The manager came over dressed in pajamas and UGH BOOTS on. The table where I sat was right in front of the kitchen and I saw her giving the staff as well as the guests dirty looks. She is was so unprofessionally dressed for a manager. The food was so over rated as well as our waitress who apparently feels it is acceptable to dress crappy too just like the example being set by her Manager. I got ONE re fill the entire time I was there and I had WATER !!! ugh, my bill for 5 people was $142.00 including gratuity. I would never go back !!   WAY OVER RATED !!"
This restaurant has the best beef brisket. Not to mention the staff is great and the area is amazing. New in town and this place just aided in my love for AZ.
"Told 2 Phoenix natives last month that I'd be in Phoenix  & was going to be with my 88yr old mom & that she loves BBQ & asked for BBQ suggestions. Both said hands down Bobby Q. They were 200% in the money! Service was incredibly friendly, prices more then reasonable & the food...YOWZA!! No words for how good. The meat is bursting with flavor & couldn't be more tender. One in our party doesn't eat meat & he devoured the poor boy catfish sandwich & said it was the best he'd ever tasted.  Mac n cheese & Cole slaw sides also tasty. Ooh and loved the corn bread & of course the donuts! There is nothing not to love at Bobbi Q! I have 2 upcoming trips to Phoenix & this will be a stop both times! Yummy"
"Just had lunch here for the first time. It was excellent! 
It was an hour drive for me but worth every minute.
Service was fast & friendly. Chelsea took excellent care of this first timer. I ordered the two rib combo with baby back & St.Louis. My sides were beans and pecan Cole slaw. Everything was hot and fresh. The meaty ribs did fall off the bone. I was licking my fingers after the couple of bites. I like it when a manager stops at your table to make sure everything is ok, nice touch. A little spendy but you get what you pay for and in my case it was actually 2 meals. I feel sorry for the other bbq places in the valley that I thought were good...Bobby Q kills 'em."
I don't eat beef or or so coming here was not my first choice.  However what I did eat was amazing - the cornbread and salad were flavorful.  The roasted corn side was so buttery and sweet.  I loved the mashed potatoes!
Always stop here when out for the races ! Great food best smoked sausage ever! Always ask for Jessica great person and very friendly
"This was a great place to stop for bbq!! My son loved the ribs and my daughter liked the pizza. I had a salad special order with help from Tommy the waiter. He was very nice and we got lots of attention. Clean, comfortable and watched the Olympics while we ate! Thanks Tommy and Bobby q!"
The food here is so good! I'll definitely be coming back. The service is great also. The apple cobbler is delicious.
"Great food, my wife loved the beef ribs and I enjoyed the Smoasted Chicken.  The cornbread was great, only negative was the shoestring fries.  I will go for the baked or mashed potatoes next time."
Dan Harper and I have gone many many times here it's his go to when he has company in town
"I was really surprised to see how busy the restaurant was on a Monday evening but it was in the middle of Spring Training. The restaurant is much more franchise-y than I expected but it still has homey roots.

We ordered the three meat plate of St. Louis ribs, baby back ribs, and beef brisket with pecan coleslaw and baked potato. The meat is incredibly, incredibly tender. It ended being too soft for my preference but if you enjoy fall off the bone BBQ this is the place for you. The sides are delicious and go well with the food. We found the BBQ sauce way too sweet for our tastes. Service is fast and everyone working is very friendly. The little touch that was lovely are the cinnamon sugar donuts you get at the end of your meal. A nice treat to top off a pretty decadent meal.

I enjoyed the restaurant overall although it didn't fit my personal preferences. It's a fun place to check out when you're in Phoenix!"
"The ribs and brisket were both fabulous fall off the bone, Q-rolls and cornbread were great, highly recommend !!!"
My husband and I tried this place last weekend and I'm so glad that we did. Their food was great and so was the service. My husband ordered brisket and ribs and he was in heaven after he finished eating. The portions of food are very decent for the price. We will definitely be going back to this place again. If you're a fan of this type of food then I definitely recommend giving this place a try.
"They couldn't make two of the cocktails I requested. Strangely, the Mesa location can make both of them. I also asked for large portions of Mayo when we ordered our food. I had to almost beg for more Mayo. Because 1/2 tablespoon of Mayo just wasn't enough. I'm unhappy because they did not listen to me at all. Shame son them. Fair warning all!"
"First off, two warnings.
 
Do not visit this place if you are on a diet.  
Seriously, you will gain 3 pounds before you get back to your car.
No amount of good intention will save you.
 
And do not expect to enjoy this amazing BBQ restaurant if you are a strict vegetarian.
I mean, whut fer?

I read a few ""reviews"" for Bobby Q that made me wonder why the writers chose a very well known down-home style BBQ emporium, and then expected that the experience would mimic a Chez Souci foo-foo eatery. Huh? 
Whatever!

First off, make a reservation before arriving!  
Everybody in Central AZ knows this awesome joint, so you will not be lonely.
 
Or, if you enjoy having a few drinks before dinner just show up, leave your name at the desk, and taxi on over to the Adult Beverage area. 
Lots of fun folks to talk to while waiting, so its painless. 
They serve appetizers at the bar, if you need a head start. 

Crazy crowded it was - a tour bus with 49 people pulled up as we arrived. 
Even so, we were seated at a table within 40 minutes.

Another warning: 
If you are having a main course dinner, remember that the hot chow rockets out of their kitchen in 5 minutes flat (being a rotisserie and pit BBQ place, most of it is ready and waitin'). 

The servers are all super friendly and most efficient. The warm corn bread and butter hits your table immediately.

What's waitin', you ask? 
Well just about anything you ever saw Barbecued, that's what. 
Incredible slabs of ribs. Fantastic pulled pork. Amazing brisket. Chicken like you wish Mom could have made. Corn served country style (you'll see what I mean). 
 
The huge stack of food (for any meal ordered) will blow your mind and stretch your belt. Even if you arrived hungry as a bear, you can expect to walk out with a plate of leftovers (and house-made corn bread).
Believe me on that.

Yep - you will get messy (they provide wet naps) and will have to deal with some degree of consumption guilt on the ride home.  
BUT ITS WORTH IT!"
"We made reservations for here (on Yelp) 15 minutes prior to arriving, and they got our party of eight in right away, even though there was an hour wait. The service was amazing and the food was 5 stars. The meal started with super moist and tasty cornbread and a delicious onion wedge that our whole table enjoyed. Everyone's food was so good. I ordered the baby back ribs and they fell off the bone and melted in my mouth. The meal ended with full stomachs and complimentary fresh, warm donuts.  I was very impressed with my whole dining experience and can't wait to return."
"First off , I've tried bbq from North Carloina,  to Texas,  but nothing compares to bobby qs.  Their cornbread is OUT OF THIS WORLD . The pulled pork A+, the mac n cheese is creamy heaven , and the staff is ALWAYS polite and friendly . Never have my girlfriend or I ever had a disappointing experience here! A MUST TRY in phoenix . Plus you get free mini donuts at the end of every meal :)"
"Tried this place out today, was craving a pulled pork sandwich.. Overall the place was okay, it was nice inside and had a cute set-up.. Service was eh.. 

First the hostess could not answer any of our questions about happy hour.. we asked if it was just in the bar area.. had no clue, sat us in the main dining room and then told our waitress.. Apparently it was one of those restaurants were happy hour is in the bar only (which I really don't understand).. anyway our waitress said she'd give us happy hour prices, but didn't understand that we also wanted to order dinner, (people don't eat dinner in the bar?).. Maybe it was new-training staff day or something.. 

We were given cornbread to start which was good, but just crumbled in your hand.. then my friend got the Poboy Catfish sandwich, not impressed, said it was so freaking dry the fish and everything.. I had better luck with my pulled-pork sandwich.. However, it was a huge mess to eat, which I understand that just how it is, but I had no silverware to try and help.. I got fries on the side and I love fries, eat them all the time.. but these were covered with grease, not just your normal greasy fries but had enough they created a puddle, just too much for me.

Overall the food was okay (say no to the catfish).. I would go back for another pork sandwich but with a side of potato salad instead"
"Great place!
We ordered Our Thanksgiving dinner 2 years ago, it was really tasty and the portions were enough.
Planning to order again our Thanksgiving dinner this year."
No need for a lot of words...food speaks for itself.  Hands down the best BBQ I have ever eaten in my life!
Possibly the best BBQ I've ever had. I recommend their Cajun Shrimp and their platter!! One word: DELICIOUS!!! Not to mention the beer they have on tap... all in all I will be back when I get back in town. I reside in OC or else I'd be there more often.
"I have never had BBQ in the South, Texas, or anywhere outside of California (except Bobby Q), but of all the places I've tried, Bobby Q is my current favorite BBQ place EVER!  I found this place on Yelp and came here while on a trip to Arizona.  The place was pretty crowded but we only  waited about 15-20 minutes.  We ordered babyback ribs, St. Louis ribs, corn, and mac&cheese.  They also give you DELICIOUS AMAZING CORNBREAD!

Everything was excellent.  The St. Louis ribs were the best ribs I have ever had.  They were extremely tender and had a nice flavorful bark on the  outside with dark grill marks.  Their BBQ sauce was equally awesome and the kind I like -- a bit more on the sweeter side, less on the vinegary side.  The babyback ribs were also tasty, but not as flavorful (and less meat of course) than the St. Louis ones.  The sides were good but more forgettable due to the sheer perfection of their ribs.

I don't know if I will ever be in Phoenix again, but this place is a must-return if I ever am.  Oh and at the end of the meal, they gave us complimentary, piping hot FRESH cinnamon donuts!  That double-won me over.  I want Bobby Q right now."
I have eaten at a lot of BBQ restaurants and Bobby Q is far among the best around. I have eaten there several times trying everything from the tender juicy brisket to the fall off the bones ribs. I highly recommend Bobby Q to everyone looking for a good BBQ meal.
Bobby Q's has one of the best Mac n' cheese in the valley! Everything I have had here is AMAZING! So good that my husband and I had them cater our wedding and it was still good even though it had to travel and sit before it was consumed! One of our favorite restaurants!
"Free sides of corn bread and donuts for desserts? Sure! The food was very tasty and price is pretty average for a bbq joint. My baby back ribs were delicious, but they are too fall off the bone if you get my point. I prefer ribs that still cling to the bone, but can be pulled off easily as well. To each their own. The sauces were amazing and the portions are ridiculously huge. Sharing is recommended if you don't want to take home leftovers."
"Excellent service, fun atmosphere, great food!.. We loved the outside patio... even in August!! Highly recommend this restaurant."
"I've been here a million times and it just keeps getting better. The place will amaze you. I am a huge fan of the decor and ambiance. The service is excellent. Our server was Kody, super cute and nice young guy! He was on point with his recommendations. The food is fabulous. Bobby Q is a must for all you carnivores before you die. They are known for their Baby Back Ribs and St. Louis Ribs but everything else like the rotisserie chicken is very savory. Lastly, their signature donuts are the best! Omg I love those donuts"
"So-so BBQ.  I had the brisket and St. Louis-style ribs with mashed potatoes and grilled corn.

1. Brisket - Average in flavor.  Nice and moist, but the only seasoning was the sauce (sauce was good...sweet Carolina style).  Needless to say I drenched the meat in sauce.  Overall, I found the meats to be smokeless and pretty bland. 

2. Ribs - See above.

3. Cornbread - Very tasty sweet cornbread.  My favorite.

4.Mashed Potatoes - They nailed this side dish.  Smooth and creamy, with a peppery overtone.  I wish I would have just ordered a plate of this as my meal.

5. Grilled Corn - Tasted more ""burned"" than ""grilled"".  I didn't even finish it (which is unheard of since I often think about the kids starving in Ethiopia).

6. Frosted Lemonade - I think I had 4 glasses before I passed out from sugar overdose.  These things are REALLY good!

6. Dessert donuts - tasty, need more of these.

7.  Service - Excellent, no complaints here.


Overall, I wouldn't advise against going, I just wouldn't go out of my way to make the trip out there.  The meats were IMO very unremarkable."
The food and service is really one for the ages. Great service and the food is delicious! Very well priced for some good food. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Have been looking for a good steak house but usually settle for outback. This was my first of what will be many visits. The difference in same cut here that I get at outback is unreal. If I didn't know better there is no way I would think these were the same cut..night and day. perfectly prepared and seasoned and delivered by a friendly attentive staff.The sides were also good. The wedge actually loses to outback unfortunately but everything else was sooo good I could easily overlook that. We have found our new place for  red meat.
"Great food!! Great service!!!! Amazing food(cornbread, brisket, mini donuts) and cute drinks!!"
"What a treat! We were looking for our last dinner in Phoenix and Bobby Q popped up nearby. We were pleased with the rustic but upscale decor. (Felt I should have dressed nicer) The waiter was wonderful, welcoming us as first-timers and checking regularly to be sure our glasses were full and every need was met. The food came out promptly. We started with Q Rolls. Delish. Then steak, baby back ribs and sliced brisket. It really is incredibly good barbecue. Very meaty ribs! The sides were also great (grilled veggies, pecan coleslaw, mac and cheese, potato salad...each yummy). The raspberry sangria was wonderful but the strawberry lemonade is a good non-alcoholic alternative. We left stuffed. But they sent us off with housemade donuts in a bag. Good stuff!"
"I would always pass by this place on my way to work for weeks before I went in to check it out. After going inside to pick up a menu I was welcomed to an amazing smell and a decent atmosphere. 

I looked through the menu and got more and more excited to go as I continued to pass by. When I actually went to eat I took my brother who came to visit from San Fran and wanted some good ol barbecue. 

I was really surprised to see this place I was so eagerly waiting for could be so bad. We waited at the door for about 15 minutes before anyone came to seat us or even acknowledge us. When waiting on the food it took forever and our chicken came out entirely dry. The sides were ok but the bulk of our entree was awful. 

It could have been a bad day but I wouldn't want to gamble on it again."
"This place has amazing BBQ! It's a great atmosphere, they have delicious drinks and great service! You can make a reservation through yelp which made it so easy! I'm so glad we found this gem!"
"Called for a reservation...needed to wait an hour to get in, but I would rather chill in our hotel suite than trying to awkwardly stay out of the way, waiting for a table for an hour there. We got there and were instantly greeted and instantly seated! So far everything was fantastic! Our server, Carmela, came right over...and was super sweet, complete with great service through out our meal! I had a cup of baked potato soup which was good...not fabulous...but good. The corn bread, on the other hand, was amazing...not sure how they made it so perfectly...but I need it everyday! The brisket was excellent, the roni's and cheese was scrumptious! The shoestring fries...were shoestring fries...nothing special...but ultimately sides don't really matter! The portions were very generous, couldn't finish my meal...and I really wanted to! And then the little Thank Q donut holes were a nice, sweet little touch of dessert! Unfortunately, we live in CA, so we won't be able to come back...unless through some kismet, chance of serendipity we end up back at the second bbq heaven on earth!! If you live by here or find yourself at one of the nearby hotels, then by all means stop in for a great, hearty meal!"
"Hands down best BBQ in Phoenix that I've tried. Split the Hog Heaven with my partner and we left with enough for lunch the next day. Will definitely be back when craving BBQ again. 

Also- atmosphere was amazing, from the customer service to the overall dining experience. The manager was walking around- taking orders, refilling drinks, getting drinks, and bussing tables. One of the best restaurant managers I've ever seen and experienced."
"I have been here twice in the past few weeks and both time the food and service was excellent.  1st I brought a group of 43 here and the staff out did themselves.   The food was to everyone's liking.   We sat on the large outdoor patio. The food and service was excellent.   

 The pulled pork with coleslaw as a side was very tasty.  They have about 12 sides to select from all sounded great. The boneless fried chicken was a real hit with several in our group. They make everything homemade.   At the end they bring you homemade warm sugar doughnuts.    The 2nd dinner was with a party of 9 and once again top service and food.

If you want a great meal or want to impress some out of town guests you can't go wrong.   Love the cornbread! Good ol' home cooking"
Great food   I had the smoked prime rib and my pop and jean had the baby back ribs.   The ribs were fall off the bone tender.   Prime rib was fantastic.  2 thumb up for this place
OH my is all I have to say!  The food here was the best!  If I lived in Phoenix I would be in trouble cause I would be here all the time!  Wait staff was friendly also.
"The location is this place is hidden but once it's found you will fall in love!  Once we arrived we were greeted by lovely staff.  The place itself is gorgeous.  

They gave complementary Cornbread and butter, this was soooo delicious!!!!! 

We order a small feast, for $50! This was a choice of 3 meats.  This was a perfect size for 2 people. Now, the sides were on the small side. 

I ordered the house sangria, it was way to good.  I expected good but not GREAT. 

For dessert, YES there was room for dessert, the apple pie cobbler was just warm enough to melt the giant scope of ice cream. 

As we left we were given a farewell with cinnamon sugar donuts!

If I ever come back to Phoenix this place is a must!"
"Upscale leather and wood steakhouse decor, was attractive and comfortable.
My sirloin steak sandwich was best tasting meat I've had in awhile. An unsliced tender and flavorful piece of meat.
The two servers, one a trainee, seemed to be tripping over each other. One dropped a big steak by my arm, then placed a new knife FACING me. Uurrrr, excuse me, that's not right.
Our comfy booth at the edge of the room was near a congregating place for servers, distracting to us diners. Doesn't mgmt notice this.
Young lady mgr asked about our experience, but her cool brusque manner said she wasn't really interested.
For the two of us, a hefty $68 lunch, granted it was a lot of food and was very good!
Just loved the complimentary cinnamon twists which is why we came in there in the first place!  Will pickup a couple of dozen for next breakfast potluck."
"Stopped by for lunch on our way to the Grand Canyon with a group of 7.  YELP didn't fail me again on this one!  Awesome 5 Star service, good quality bbq, very nice both inside and out!  I can see this place being slammed during peak hours, or at least it should be!  Definitely would make a return visit if ever back in AZ."
"Delisious. St. Louis ribs had a great smoky flavor but the baby back ribs were more moist. Mac and cheese was very good, had a lot of good cheese flavor without being greasy. Pecan cole slaw and ranch beans could have been better. Free cornbread and after dinner doughnuts were delisious. Not the best sauce I've ever had but definitely had good flavor, the 'spicy' sauce wasn't very spicy. Definitely going back since its right up the street but a little pricy for an everyday lunch or dinner, special occasions for sure. A must try if your around the Metrocenter area."
"I have been here many times. Bobby Q has been and always will be one of my favorite restaurants. Not only is the food great and the service excellent but it's consistently great. Some restaurants are hit and miss, but not here. 

On my last visit, I ordered the southern fried chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy and Mac n chz. As a southerner, I was admittedly skeptical about boneless fried chicken but it was delicious.  Usually I get a steak or BBQ, each of which are always delicious."
"Best one I've tasted in Arizona yet. For the price and the quality of the food I would definitely recommend Bobby Q. The service was great! All the servers were friendly and welcoming. 
Last time I came I got the ribs, mash potatoes, frys, and mac and cheese. I was more than satisfied! 5 stars for sure!"
"I have been a past FAN of BobbyQ, however I recently decided to do take out order, the THREE MEAT Combo. It very disappointing to see the amount of meat placed in the order. Half a sausage cut in half an not even a tablespoon full of the pulled pork. It seems to have a good experience you have to eat there."
"Food amazing, service wasn't the best for us.. Maybe a new waitress.. Drinks were empty and we sat waiting for things and our check for more than an appropriate time. But we all loved the food and will go back. Expect a long wait if you go during the weekends!! We waited a hour on a Friday night and had gotten there at 6:45.

They have a club inside that requires fancy dressing of you want to go. Sounds fun. I was with my family so that wasn't in the plans. 

The area is a little creepy but again the food was SO good!! The inside reminded me a bit of a Papadeauxs style. Check them out, you won't be disappointed in their yummy food."
"Great Customer Service! Great Food! 
Did take-out while in town, food was ready in the time they said customer service was great, got back to the room, noticed what I thought was an incomplete order, so I called and talked with Taylor (The Manager) who assured me he would take care of it. 
We preceded to devour the BBQ that we had, which was f-ing great! After we were done I ran down to Bobbies (just around the corner) to get what I thought was missing from our order. Only to find out it was my mistake 
Regardless of it being me that caused the confusion Taylor wanted to make sure I was a satisfied customer and insisted on a couple appetizers ""on the house"" I was so full I refused and he still insisted on getting me a Gift Certificate! I will be back!"
Excellent bbq... Excellent service.... Had the baby back ribs in the meat fell off the bone. The coleslaw was excellent as well as the mac & cheese!  We'll definitely be back! Thank u Yelp for the 10% off
This place is great! I had prime rib yummm plus great service. I'm a big fan now. Me and my husband went there for our anniversary and both loved it. The area isn't great but the food is worth it.
"It took me awhile to get around to trying this restaurant, and after eating their food I was kicking myself for not trying it sooner.  I had a number of coworkers that told me it was great, but it was hard for me to believe there was good barbeque in Phoenix, AZ.  (I lived in the South for a while, so I have had ""real"" barbeque.)  Their food is absolutely delicious, and having gone back a few times I have tried a number of different items!  Make sure to try their mac and cheese!"
"Their BBQ is amazing. Tender, juicy, fatty, and tangy all in one bite. We got the sampler plate and tried a little bit of everything: beef ribs, baby back ribs, chicken... Their sides are decent, not impressive but not bad. Very good service overall. They also give you a bag of fresh donuts as desert. :)"
"My boyfriend and I were just looking for something good to eat close by. We stumbled upon this awesome place. It's very good! We got the hog heaven since we wanted that bang for your buck kind of deal! It's so worth it... Sooooo much food, we are still eating left over from last night! The only thing is that the sides could have been a little bigger (it feeds up to four ppl). Besides that everything was great! The service , the food, and the overall experience WAs exactly what we like! We will definitely be coming back and totally recommend!! Yummmmmm , I don't remember the last time I left a restaurant and had that big of a smile on my face ."
"Absolutely the best bbq brisket so tender it falls apart,sausage has an awesome smoked flavor try all the sides super flavorful! Service is second 2 none"
"We came across this place while searching for a place open late on Sundays, and we're glad we did. The food was excellent, the service was hospitable, and the atmosphere was perfect. Will definitely make sure I return the next time I'm in town."
"Here in Cali, we call it barbecue, or BBQ!
In Arizona, they call it Bobby Q.

Well, maybe not all Arizonians call it that, but a good number of them do. When I reached out to some AZ Yelpers to find out where I can find some serious BBQ in Phoenix, almost every person mentioned Bobby's name. 

Bobby Q is a huge place that looks more like an upscale steakhouse rather than a BBQ joint. The inside is dimly lit and has a fancy, upscale decor. They also have two big bars and a banquet room. 

Right when our party of four was seated we received some delicious house made cornbread with sweet butter. After devouring the yummy cornbread we ordered two appetizers, their Q-Rolls and their Fire Pie Pizza topped with beef brisket. The Q-Rolls were similar to those pigs in a blanket everyone loves as a child.  Instead of mini hot dogs, Bobby stuffs the little flaky pastries with juicy beef brisket. The Q-Rolls were incredible alone but when dipped in the chipotle sauce that comes with the app, it gave the rolls an even more fabulous taste.  The beef brisket pizza was good but not great. They put lots of cheese on the pizza but not enough Bobby Q sauce or beef brisket. 

For dinner I ordered their three meat combo with pulled pork, beef brisket and St. Louis spare ribs. My fianc ordered the Prime Rib with Chimichuri shrimp dinner. My dinner was big enough to feed at least two people. Every meat was phenomenal. The pulled pork and beef brisket were both juicy, tender and incredibly flavorful. The St. Louis spare ribs were falling-off- the-bone tender and had a nice smoky flavor. My girls Prime Rib was also really good but her shrimp were burnt, rubbery, and had almost no Chimichuri sauce on them, which upset her a little bit. Once your dinners are brought to your table, they also bring out two big containers filled with warm sweet Bobby Q sauce and spicy Bobby Q sauce. Both of these Bobby Q sauces were great but since I'm a huge fan of spicy I preferred the spicy sauce over the sweet one. My dinner came with three sides while my girls came with two. These are the sides we got.
Mac and cheese (we both got this) 
Pecan Coleslaw
Loaded Baked Potato
Roasted Corn
All of these sides were great but my favorite of the bunch was the Mac and Cheese. I don't remember what my other dinner companions ordered but I do remember they all said they loved what they had.
To wash down all this great Bobby Q, we all had huge glasses of their house made sweet tea, which was super sweet and delicious.

Even though everyone was full, we all decided to share a slice of their Sub Zero Banana Cream Pie for dessert. This pie was served ice cold and was more like a piece of banana cheese cake than a regular banana cream pie. This pie had an amazing banana flavor and was topped with lots of caramel sauce. To our surprise, after we finished the pie, our server brought us some home made complimentary cinnamon sugar donuts. These little things were wonderful, I just wish I would have been a little less full so I could have enjoyed them more. 

The service and prices here were both great. Our waiter was super friendly and attentive. Since it was our first time there he really helped us out by making suggestions and telling us what their most popular dishes are. The prices were very reasonable seeing that you get so much food.  

If your a fan of BBQ then I guarantee you will be a fan of Bobby Q. If you ever visit Phoenix you have to check this place out."
"I trekked all the way here from east Mesa because I had to have BBQ. It was worth the trip. 

We got the Hog Heaven meal which is only $28 on Sundays. It included a  1/2 lb of the following: chicken, pulled pork, ribs, and brisket. It also comes with 2 sides. No substitutions. This in enough to feed 3-4 people. We had plenty of leftovers. All of the meats were seasoned and cooked to perfection. They were all very moist and flavorful. I couldn't pick a favorite because they were all so good. We ordered the fries and mac and cheese as our sides. The mac and cheese very thick and creamy. Yummy! I usually don't eat corn bread because more times than not, I find it to be too dry, but even this stuff was great. I have no complaints!

Smitty, our waiter, was fantastic. He was always checking on us and our drinks. It's really dark inside, so next time I'd opt to eat out on the covered patio. They have fans going out there to keep it cooler and it seems more casual than the inside. 

The sugar coated donuts at the end of our meal were the perfect ending to a great dinner."
"Wow - Now that's good BBQ!!!  We were at the BBQ festival in Scottsdale yesterday - Bobby-Q had the best brisket, ribs and chicken!  Their brisket is moist and juicy! and the ribs are fall off the bone de-lish!!!  I should have taken a picture of the bare bones so you could see just how bare they were!  Everything was outstanding!"
"Amazing food!!! Started off with the ohhh sooo good corn bread!  I had the pulled chicken sandwich.  They put home made skinny onion rings on the sandwich!! Slice of heaven on earth!! The home made warm mini sugar donuts...DIVINE!!
Hubby had their brisket platter with potato salad!! It was delish.  We are from Texas so we know good BBQ!!"
Great service and amazing food. Owner was a nice guy. The ribs are perfect. Mac and cheese was thick and delicious. Brisket was perfect.
"VERY good food at reasonable prices.  We had a large party so we made a reservation.  The waitress was agreeable to dividing up the checks.  Menu large and varied, but not overwhelming.  Great drinks, too!  I recommend this restaurant to everyone."
The Smokehouse burger (minus the BBQ sauce) is the best burger in all of Phoenix.
"I had to really think about this place for it's review. This was my first time visiting this place after smelling the BBQ every time I pass it on the freeway. I was so excited to try the food so I checked out there menu online and notice that it was expensive but within reason for bbq. A friend and I arrived at the place, got the menus and I notice the prices were more then the online price. Anyway I ordered the brisket sandwich and mashed potatoes and my friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and Mac and cheese.  We also order there Q Rolls which is brisket wrapped in flour tortillas and deep fried.  The Q Rolls were good, they gave us 6 rolls that were about 3 inches long $12, my brisket sandwich $14 with one side had more bread then meat. I was very disappointed in the serving size for the price. Not even a 1/2 pound of brisket. They gave me more mashed potatoes then sandwich.  As for the taste, it was ok. No real flavor on the brisket and the spicy bbq sauce was not even spicy and was too sweet. I wished I've taken a picture of my food but it wasn't even photo worthy.  Our total bill for the Q Rolls, brisket sandwich, pulled pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes came out to be $47. I would not recommend this place if your looking for bang for your buck and awesome bbq. This place was just ok. I won't be back."
"This food here is soooooooo good.  The Q-rolls are my favorite, and I love the cornbread.  We eat here at least once every 6 months, and the pulled pork is just so delicious, last night I felt like a whole pig was on my sandwich (I certainly felt like a pig after devouring every scrap of it).  That made me very happy because even though it was really too much food, the last 2 times we ate here the portion was much smaller.

We had really wonderful service (Zac) and there was a table having a party that just kept growing (I think eventually 18 people arrived) and no service suffered because of it so bravo to everyone for being able to handle a full restaurant and a huge group of people while not ignoring the rest of the patrons."
"The price of that Sunday special is now under $40 but it's still a value!

Bobby Q is still a regular for our household. We LOVE the ribs which fall off the bone as you pick them up from the plate, the mac and cheese which has a mild tang and the sweet, buttery corn. 

Even if you don't go on Sunday, Bobby Q offers some great family-size platters at a reasonable price in a fun atmosphere."
"My review has changed,and by no means is it a reflection of the service provided by the staff were great. I was disappointed in the quality of the ribs I got. Hoping it was an off day. But the disappointment in the quality stuck deep down; I was looking forward to those mouth watering, fall off the bone ribs. Skeptical about coming back just to be disappointed again. May have to go to Mesa location next time. Further but would be worth it if they keep their standards."
"What a find!  Being Southern, I was skeptical at first about finding good Southern food in Arizona.  We drove up and parked in the adjacent parking lot, and were surprised that the entrance was on the other side of the building!  But the rustic looking building was attractive on the outside, and when we entered we were surprised at how classy looking the inside was.  We were seated earlier than our 7:00 p.m. reservation on Open Table at comfortable booths that had movable banquettes on each side-- booths are sometimes a problem for me due to my size, but problem solved!  We of course had to order the local specialty draft, Bobby-Q's Amber Ale from Sonora Brewing, and we both enjoyed our pints, accompanied by sweet corn bread muffins, which my wife said were made from Jiffy mix, which we both love anyway.  We then selected the onion block, accompanied by a delicious Bobby-Q sauce for dipping, and we could not eat it all and brought about a third of it home.  Lightly battered and delicious.  We then chose to split the combination platter at the recommendation of our super friendly and attentive waiter, Jason, and he was so right because we even took part of that home too.  The one we chose had both of our favorites on it,  baby back ribs for me and fried catfish filet for my wife.  The catfish was perfect and savory, and the ribs fell off of the bones--honestly, I did not use my knife to separate them, just my fork.  For our sides we chose ranch beans, simmered with pork shreds and delish, and pecan cole slaw, which I don't eat but my wife wanted to try.  She liked the slaw, but the chopped pecans were just sprinkled on top and were not as good as those we have in Georgia.  Jason brought us a box for the leftover onion loaf and a rib, along with a short small brown bag, cut off and imprinted with ""THANK YOU"" on it, containing four little cute fried sugar donuts, a nice touch.  The manager came by near the end of our meal to ask how everything was, and we praised the food and Jason's service.  A beautiful night out and we felt like we were back in the South!"
Great BBQ! One of my favorite places. Recommend going earlier in the evening because there is always a very long wait! We usually wait about an hour every time. There is very little seats to wait so usually have to stand. Huge parking lot so never have a hard time finding a spot to park. Location is a little odd because you have to drive through a residential area. Overall cool place!
Love this place the food is amazing. The free corn bread is awesome and the free donuts for desert are awesome as well. Staff is always nice. Only somewhat down size is that's it's really dark some times hard to see the wonderful food.
This is a great place to take out town guest. The food and atmosphere is great. Prices are above average but matches the quality of food. Best BBQ in Phoenix
Bobby Q's is hands down the best barbecue restaurant I've ever been to. The meat was cooked perfectly and came right off of the bone. The corn bread was made from scratch. The sides were absolutely delicious. I would 10/10 come back.
"Fantastic BBQ place.  Minimal wait to sit down at prime time on a Sunday.  The service was very attentive and made sure we were well taken care of.  I ordered the 2 meat combination plate with baby back ribs and pulled pork.  My sides were fries, pecan coleslaw, and cornbread.  The sides were a good compliment to the meat.  The meat was very tender and full of flavor.  It fell right off the bone.  The complimentary doughnuts you receive at the end was the cherry on top of a great experience.  A+"
"Since my first yelp about Bobby Q's, I've been back several times and was never disappointed.  Once for lunch (had soup and sandwich)...outstanding.  Twice for supper.  I enjoy the pulled pork so much that it's hard for me to order anything else.  
We've just returned from an  evening with family and friends..six of us in all.  I had my pulled pork dinner.  My wife had a pulled pork sandwich as did our two guests and my son and his intended had a big platter of chicken and prime rib.  My son loves prime rib and he know when it's good or not.  He declared it outstanding.  The chicken looked and smelled delicious.  My wife is still in love with pulled pork sandwiches.  Our guests enjoyed their sandwiches declaring them heavenly.  My son and his girlfriend are in their late 20's and were hungry but the one combination plate fed the two of them with some chicken left over to take home.  My sides were awesome mac and cheese and cole slaw.  I personally didn't care for the cole slaw because I prefer it with more mayo.  My wife declared it devine since she prefers much less mayo.  My son had a baked potato and vegetables They both declared them to bfe very good.  They sure looked good!
When you go, don't forget to mention Yelp and you receive a 10% discount.
On your way out, they present you with a paper bag of little delicious doughnuts.....and the name printed on the bag??  Thank Q"
My wife and I came to dinner for our weekly date night.  Our waitress forgot to ring in our appetizer. Unprovoked the manager came and immediatly appolagized gave our appetizer and dessert for free. the whole hog heaven is the best Bar B Q we have ever eaten incredible service!!!!
"After seeing that over 130 people had already reviewed this place I almost decided to not post but I felt like with the quality of food and service that we received it would be unfair to not do my part to pump this place up.  

We showed up for lunch and were greeted immediately upon entering.  We sat outside on the patio and there were a few comments from my fellow diners about how comfortable and well decorated the place was. 

The service was great.  Very attentive and efficient.  She was right on with the drink refills and did everything with a smile.

My brother had the pulled pork sandwich and managed to finish it, but just barely.  His girlfriend did the same.  I decided to try the sample platter consisting of sausage, ribs, and chicken.  I was not sorry.  The sausage was very tasty but wasn't overpowering.  The chicken was done with plenty of flavor and not at all dry.  The ribs were great as well.

I couldn't finish the plate so I get to enjoy the leftovers tonight.   There's nothing better than enjoying a meal, then being able to enjoy it again!

Don't forget to mention yelp to get your 10% off.  And enjoy your thank-Q's when you leave."
"Ok, let me start by saying I'm all about beef ribs.  If they are one the menu -that is what I'm having.  The beef ribs here were falling off the bone tender but relied way too much on the sauce and not enough on the smoke in the meat for flavor.  Overly sweet and no tangy heat that I expect on a good beef Q.  Like some odd mix of St. Louis style meets beef ribs.  I'd give them an 7/10.  And at $28 I'd expect a 10/10... Sides were hit and miss.  The whole corn was really exceptional - really a 10/10, great smoke flavor.  Slaw was ok but the pecans really didn't add and the slaw was lacking something 6/10.  Beans were good but again too sweet and not smokey 8/10.  My husband's brisket sandwich was pretty good but nothing outstanding.  He said 7/10.  

Friendly, fast, professional service was still not enough to push this review up to a 5*.  Overall pretty good but I probably wouldn't bother to go again.  I'll save my Q quota for somewhere in Texas..."
"Very good service and very good food. The place is nicely decorated and the whole meal is affordable. The food is very tasty and very well cooked.

As a French, my only regret was on the chicken: although the sauce was very tasty, I believe that the quality of the meat was rather poor. But I guess it is complicated to find a good ""poulet fermier"" (free range chicken) in the US ;-)"
"Great food and great service.  The Hostess, Waitress and Manager were all friendly, helpful and attentive.  I had the rib eye - tasty and cooked as ordered.  My friend had shrimp chimichurri - she really liked them.  The free donuts were delicious."
"Heard good things about this place so decided to check it out.

The services was friendly. 

Their corn bread was delicious. Rotisserie chicken was more like chicken jerky. But Ribs were to die for. Brisket was moist and flavorful. Best side dish tonight would be Mac n' Cheese. 

Won't recommend their drinks though. Lemonade was disappointing, Sangaria was watery, and Appletini had no flavor. 

Over all, I will visit again, and will be smarter with what I order next time."
The beef is out of this world. So tender it melts in your mouth and very flavorful. Service was great and very prompt. Would definitely go there again and take friends
"Out with two buds tonight on a quest for some good BBQ and to zap a few other cravings. I've been here one or two times before but for whatever reason was never able to try a lot of things.

First off I love the atmosphere and decor of the place. Upscale bayou? can that exist? seems like they were able to do it. Plus its nice and dark and comfortable.

One thing I recall is how great the service is EVERY TIME i go. Three different visits.. three different servers.. top notch each time.

Food!

Appetizers

Wings:
Delicious! These are smoked, fried, and then sauced. I hate(strong word on purpose) baked wings. I thought I was going to hate these but the combo of the smoked then fried works amazingly. It allows them to only flash fry for crisp. This keeps the wings juicy and plump but with the fried crispy skin that wings should have.

Brisket Fire-Pie:
Don't bother :/ I knew this was risky but I had a pizza craving. Normally BBQ pizzas have way to much BBQ sauce. This was the opposite it had very little sauce.. so little that it had no flavor impact leaving you wondering what that funky after taste is.

Cornbread:
Strong corn flavor.. not overly sweet. Could feel the grease/butter levels killing me not so slowly. But was good to the taste buds.
-----------------
BBQ

Pulled Pork:
Nice smoke flavor and good moisture content without being overly fatty. Not the best I've had but no complaints.

Brisket:
Same feelings as the pork. It was good and executed properly but certainly not the best I've ever had. None of the BBQ was overly salty but some of it was to far on the other end of the scope and could have used some more salt. There was no real bark on the brisket which was a little disappointing.

Smoke Links:
I didn't care for these at all. They were to fatty for my taste and needed more... something in your face. I think everyone agreed these were the our least favorite items.

Baby Back Ribs:
Very tasty ribs but surprisingly not my favorite out of the three offered. These are usually the safe best for best ribs at whatever place your at. There was something out of whack with the meat itself. It failed to really pick up the smoke flavor maybe? They were moist and tender and fall off the bone. But fall off the bone on the side of smoked to long.

Beef Ribs:
Surprisingly lean for beef ribs. Since they were so lean these could have used a little more time in the smoke unlike the baby backs. Beef ribs take a much longer time to break down to perfection.

St Louis Style Ribs:
YUM! Best ribs on the menu. Next time this is all I will order in the rib category. Flavor was great., meat was great., still a little over done but it took nothing away from them. I would come back for this alone.
-------------------

Sides

Mac & Cheese:
Delicious but they went the fake cheese route. It is hard to make good mac and cheese the old fashion way. Its hard in small quantity let alone restaurant quantity. I would rather have them understand this and serve it with primarily fake cheese and be tasty then try and do from scratch and serve me curdled cheese fail.

Pecan Cole Slaw:
Also sexy! Crisp, cold, refreshing, and not soggy. The nuts were a nice addition but if they could have somehow brought it out more in the dish it would have been ever better.

Potato Salad:
Mmmmmm. This was great and a tie for best side dish with the mac and cheese. Be warned.. This is HEAVY. Its probably 90% mayo but its potato salad.. its not healthy don't try and make it healthy. They did it right. It took a year off my life and I loved every bite of it. Its the bad years anyway! Creamy, perfect amount of mustard, great seasoning, lots of fresh dill.

Beans:
Interesting.. Sweet but not grossly sweet like some. Smokey but almost to a crazy level. When I tasted this I honestly felt like I was eating something with a liquid tobacco smoke flavor. It also had a lot of what was probably the BBQ beef in it. Not sure what I thought about this.

Planned Return Order:
Wings
St Louis Ribs
Mac & Cheese
Potato Salad
Pecan Coleslaw

Get these if nothing else and I would be shocked if you didn't leave grinning ear to ear.

Pros:
Great Service
Great Atmospheric
Acceptable Great to OK dish ratio
10% off for yelpsters!

Cons:
Awkward Location
Awkward Parking
Pricey

For those still stumped by the ""how can fall off the bone be bad"" the best test for ribs done correctly would be ribs tender enough to pull apart with your teeth but ones you can pick up and hold by a bone and not have fall apart. If you pick up ribs by the bone and the meat stays on the plate and the bone comes up clean its been neglected. I know this sounds crazy to most but when you have enough ribs done properly you will taste and appreciate a rib that was on as long as it was supposed to be and no longer."
"Unbelievably great barbecue! I had the brisket, beef ribs, and pulled chicken. Sides were rather small but were tasty as well. I chose fries, macaroni, corn, and coleslaw. My server was awesome and attentive and the manager Cameron checked on us frequently. I would highly recommend this place. Living in the midwest I was skeptical of getting good bbq while visiting out west. They showed me right!! Two thumbs up!"
"I eat here twice a month because it os close to work, but it's worth the drive from any where. It is one of the best BBQ joints I've eaten at. Staff are friendly and the service is good. I need to eat here sometime when I'm not working so I can enjoy a bevie. It's has a fun decor that is probably enhanced with alcohol. ;-)"
"Have only had the brisket and the mac n cheese. Constently cooked and service is good, cute waitstaff and quick service. Havent tried anything other than brisket sandwich and catfish fillets. Cocktail selection is blah, sugery and few craft beer selections. Always craving the mac and cheese tho! Been here too many times to count over at least 5 years"
"Great food and great service! Had an amazing time with the family celebrating a birthday! Definitely don't pass on the whole hog meal- we ordered two to share between 6 and we're able to sample a little of everything. You can't go wrong with anything your order, it's all amazing!"
"Love good BBQ and really love this place! We had lunch, got there a little late, 12:40pm, so not a huge crowd. Waitress was fun, helpful for first timers. We both had the 3 meat lunch with one side. I had chicken, St. 
Louis ribs, and brisket. Wife ordered brisket, pork, and St. 
Louis ribs, she had the mac and cheese for her side. I could not decide on potato salad or cole slaw, our waitress brought me both! All the meats were some of the very best, the brisket better than any I have ever had. Ribs were good, have had some close, but not quite as good as Bobby's. Chicken was very moist and tender. Corn bread was very good, came with whipped butter but did not need any on it, it stood alone like a champ. The only item that was not absolutely best was the pork. It was good, just not over the top like the other choices. Their potato salad is the BEST, we always measure the salad against MIL's, and this was close. Cole slaw was standard fare with chopped pecans, not a big chopped pecan fan, so I didn't really care for it, was just standard old cole slaw, nothing ""special"". We also got a personal visit from the manager, she was very friendly and sincere. All in all, LOVED IT and will go back."
"Everything about this place was on point. From the outdoors decor, the friendly greeters and servers, to the varied menu choices!!
The ribs were soooooo juicy, well-seasoned and tender. The meat had just the right amount of fat, making every bite flavorful. The side dishes were all also very very tasty!
I will definitely come back here!!"
Best bbq I have ever had. Prices are great and their specialty cocktails are awesome. I am so excited that they will be in the Gilbert area this fall.
"This place is delicious! Dusty was attentive as our server. I had the Duck Duck Goose cocktail and it was so refreshing in this 108* weather! It was a very great date night! The manager Jack was making his rounds talking to tables making sure everything was great. Great customer service, great food and refreshing cocktails, can't go wrong!"
Deeeee-licious!!!!  It's always a treat to come here and they never disappoint.  Their southern fried chicken is such a treat.  Their BBQ is amazing.  And even their salads are worth mentioning.  We take guests here often - ok only special guests - but they always leave satisfied and wanting to come back on their next visit.  Great service and usually always get a stop-by visit by the manager - evidence they care about their service and food!
"This is a great casual restaurant that is fun for couples as it is as easy for families. Always has great drinks and barbecue. Must tries are the frozen banana dessert and rolled taco brisket appetizer!! Always a fun place, quick service and great food."
"Steaks were decent, waiter was very knowledgeable. The cornbread, omg, second to none! However the sides, not great. The Mac and cheese was basically velveeta, the baked potatoes were super dry and did have anything special about them except they were huge, and the ranch baked beans. Don't let the staff fool you into how special they sound. Had what hey call Q Tips, brisket or pulled pork wrapped in tortilla and deep fried, with a chipotle ranch or bbq sauce, those were special. I'd eat nothing but those and corn bread if I ever come back. 
PS: tap water is absolutely disgusting."
Night life gets lit. The tacos are bomb!!! Especially on  taco Tuesday!!!! Gotta try them. Lol
"This place is seriously just...AMAZING. The staff treats everyone with the utmost respect, everyone is extremely friendly, & the food is just magnificent. Seriously...just go. Just go there right now. Stop reading this & GO."
"We have lived In Phoenix for 10 years and have driven by hundreds of times as we driven down I-17.  We finally stopped in yesterday and WOW!  The atmosphere, service (thanks Jo), and especially the food which was nothing less than phenomenal! My steak was better than any steak I've eaten at any major steak house. Ribs were incredible, and their sides are amazing. Great portion sizes, and you get a lot of food for their prices.  Then hard part is finding how to get there; the Dunlap exit is the key to success.  We cannot wait to return."
"My family and I have recently discovered this place. The service is okay, but management is great. We always get a platter that they offer which allows us to try a variety of meat and sides. My preschool daughters are very picky but loved the pulled chicken. I am not a fan of the pulled pork but the St. Louis ribs are incredible and the meat falls off the bone!! The macaroni and cheese is extra, extra cheesy and delicious. The cap to the meal is the fresh donuts they offer at the end, leaving no reason to purchase dessert. To wash it all down, nothing beats their strawberry lemonade served in a frosted glass. Oh my!!! We love it.  It has been challenging to find good barbecue in AZ and this is definitely really good and worth trying."
"Definitely tops in the Valley for barbecue.  The pulled pork platter and the sandwich are scrumptious.  Mild or hot homemade sauces are perfect.  Plus how can one not love the warm cornbread to munch on while your order is being prepared.  To top off, you receive a bag of mini warm sugar donuts when you get your check.  Definitely worth the drive.  Also four function rooms for private and corp events.  Full carry out menu as well.
Enter from southbound I-17 frontage road or 27th Ave."
"Pretty good sized portions. Get the whole hog if you're with a large group. Ribs,  pulled pork, and all the the traditional southern fixings you'd expect from a traditional North Carolina cookout.
TL;DR-5 shots fired at those who say that southern style barbecue can't work out west out of 5"
"I'm a BBQ whore. I grew up eating pulled pork in North Carolina. 

Move to so cal and for years couldn't find you some barbecue until I found a place called Phils. Which honestly is the best I've had anywhere consistently winning national awards

Upon moving to Phoenix I couldn't wait to try this place all I can say I was highly disappointed. The brisket was dry who pork was soggy the highlight of the meal was the cornbread and it cost me $28 no thanks. This place may have been the bomb years ago but not so much now"
Best BBQ I ever had. The corn bread is outstanding plus there spicy bbq sauce is crazy good. Great service and cocktails. They have a secret Bourbon Mule Delicious
"They don't need my help.  Outstanding barbecue, outstanding service, and more food than I could possibly hope to finish.  If you order the Whole Hog, I recommend splitting it between three adults unless at least two of the people in your party are NFL linemen.  Cornbread, wedge salad, beef and baby back ribs, pork, and brisket, top sirloin steak.  All outstanding.  A must-visit for anyone who enjoys barbecue done right."
"The beef brisket is awesome!!! Shay, our waitress made our dinner so fun!!"
"This place has some great BBQ, there's no other way to put it. The serving size they give you per plate are huge, you'll more then likly be taking some of your meal home with you to enjoy later. The brisket is what i would suggest, its amazing."
"Solid..YES GO HERE.. 

No 4 stars so quit asking for it...4-5 hard to deal out.  But, hey a (solid) 3 is on your way to the big time!

Great pulled pork.  Excellent brisket...good sausage.  I'm not a real fan of the sausage, however; seems to be smoky but that's just me.  Sides are great (beans, m&c, slaw are all we tried).    

Atmosphere is good.  Very busy with a young to middle age crowd.  Dance floor opens at 8PM on certain nights and that may (or may not) change the demographics.

Bobby McGees was great...this place is doing pretty good too!   But, let's keep this place a secret for now, OK?  

Highly recommended (shhhh, quiet...)  3.75 stars if I could swing it.  Waiters/esses wear no costumes (yet)."
A BBQ punch in the mouth!  Had the ribs and brisket with a side of mac and was not disappointed.  Everything was smoky and tender.  The mac even had a smoky flavor.   We loved this place and will return.   Don't forget the free fresh doughnuts on the way out the door.
"Bobby Q's catered my wedding and I can't believe the number of compliments I got on the food. Bobby Q's was OUTSTANDING. The appetizers went so fast I never even got one! The caterers were really professional. My only issue was that we were not allowed to change our numbers after the wedding was 2 weeks out (We tried). -- Most caterers allow you to change up to 48 hours before the event. This would've saved us a TON of money as we had several people cancel on us at the last minute. We had more food left over than we knew what to do with, and it was a lot of money wasted."
"Great food, great atmosphere, great service! We had fried chicken, burger, and brisket, mashed potatoes and Mac & cheese all were amazing! Not to mention corn bread and the mini donuts"
"Stopped for dinner and took a seat at the bar. It was my second time there and we had the best service by Shar. She was extremely friendly and attentive. I was very indecisive but after going with Shar's recommendation I got the filet (added mushrooms) and the mashed potatoes and it was BOMB. Wait there is more...she asked if I wanted my mushrooms sliced or whole. What?? Seriously?? I've never been given an option on mushrooms before, pretty awesome. I tried the Bobby's mule--twice lol it was the best mule I've ever had. Overall, I was super impressed and are excited to try out their new biltmore location our server told us about."
"I'm not from Arizona and didn't know how to go around the city. I picked this place to celebrate my graduation. They were very accommodating for a party of 6. Service was not bad. A few missing items that got resolved right away. Portion size was good to share. Quality of food was norma, nothing special. Bar drinks were ok. Parking was easy, the lot was big. Comparable to Lucille's BBQ ribs from California."
"I went here with my family for the 1st time and made a reservation through Yelp and I'm so glad we did because it's super busy on weekends. The food was amazing!!! Best BBQ I've ever had! The manager went around to talk to each table and check in with them and made sure they were taken care of. Awesome service, atmosphere, and servers! Definitely recommend Bobby Q and I'll definitely be going back!"
Visiting from Albuquerque and happened upon Bobby-Q....excellent food snd service. Cornbread was great and the brisket was perfect! Must try when in Phoenix.
"First time at this Bobby Q (we have been to the Mesa one before).  
Same outstanding food.  Had:
Baby back ribs - the meat fell off the bones.
Pulled pork - a little on the fatty side (normally we eat very lean meat) but just how I wanted it.  

Service was great as always, manager even stopped by to say Hi.

Bought some BBQ sauce to take home.

We will definitely be back."
"Bobby Q. Was feeling kind of skeptical about a Phoenix bbq place right off the freeway, next to a Phoenix scuba diving academy. Immediately distracted by so many strange bbq scuba situations. Either way, turned out to be kitschy in a great, not overwhelming or mass produced way. Wood paneling, mirrored saloon doors, and roasting chickens on a spit. We were seated immediately and our server was very friendly/fast. Beer/cocktail selection was meh. Q rolls were really good. Spinach dip was ok, made better by garlic bread sticks. In my opinion the real shining star was the mystery bag the server dropped off when we paid. Oh look a cute doggie bag FILLED WITH FRESH HOME MADE CINNAMON SUGAR DONUTS. These were spontaneous drool level, manna from heaven level good. Next time I want the ribs and maybe 9 or ten bags of donuts."
"My family is new to the Phoenix area and I asked around to see where I should find good BBQ and Bobby Q is where I was lead. The brisket was very tender and moist and the Mac n cheese is heavenly :) You definitely get what you pay for and our waitress Nicole was a sweetheart and took very good care of us, as did the rest of the staff who checked on us periodically asking how everything was. Very friendly setting and very delicious food!!! P.s. you get a little dessert surprise on the way out :) that was my favorite part"
"FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER I WISH I COULD LEAVE 6 STARS. 
We are foodies. 
We eat out more than 10 times a week. We KNOW restaurants! 

Once in a while, you just are so impressed. 

5 stars for parking 
5 stars for speed of service. Our crew of 2 adults and 2 kids was seated instantly.  

5 stars for menu options 
5 stars for having a kids menu 
5 stars for speed of the food coming out. 
5 stars for the wait staff 
5 stars for Quantity of food. (We SPLIT a meal and took so much food home!) 
 Our to go container was OVERFLOWING."
"As a relatively new transplant from the Bay Area I lamented the lack of great , independently owned restaurants here in the Phoenix area- particularly given that I live pretty far north up the 17 near Happy Valley with little more than national chains. But a friend suggested I try this place for great BBQ so last week I took the 17 minute drive and was absolutely knocked out on a number of levels. 

The service of this establishment is superb. It is one of the best managed restaurants I've ever patronized and the staff, from the bartender to the server all operated at a very high standard. 

Now as for the food, one night I had their St Louis style ribs SANS the extra sauce ( I am a dry rub guy) and they were superb. Not fatty at all, tasty,  and the meat fell off the bone. Good fries and a very nice pecan coleslaw. Buy the chicken tender appetizer? OMG! By far and away the best I have had anywhere in the country!

Last night I enjoyed the fried chicken which is actually a butterflied breast of chicken - also excellent. The friendly gentleman sitting next to me at the bar had their prime rib and LOVED it. It looked AWESOME!

A big shout out to the manager Taylor who handled a minor issue ( my bad, not Bobby Q) in a MOST professional way. If in Phoenix you absolutely MUST go and if you're coming in for only 3 or 4 days, I would absolutely recommend you place Bobby Q on your list as those restaurants you simply cannot overlook on your trip to the desert."
"Went here for an impromptu dinner. We were going to get dinner with M's parents and we wanted meat so we decided to go here. We have seen this place for years driving by and now we finally decided to try it. The patio was soooo pretty they had string lights everywhere. I love the ambiance. The inside was pretty too, but we kinda got stuck in a corner near a sink? I would have probably preferred the patio.

The service was great, and the food came out fast. The server welcomed us first timers very well, and talked about the awards the restaurant was won which was pretty cool. 

We decided to split a three meat plate and an extra side: baby back ribs, pulled pork, brisket with mashed potatoes, ranch beans, and macncheese.

The meat were very tender and the bbq sauce was good, I added a little bit of the spicy bbq sauce (not really that spicy tho). I felt like the bbq was soft and tender but it was also a little bland? I don't know maybe there was too much hype on this place that I set the bar in my mind so high? It was good but I thought it would be so much better. The sides were pretty good too especially the mac n cheese. Oh and I ordered the frozen lemonade which was nice (wasn't too sweet), felt like I was drinking a margarita ;)

Everyone else did enjoy the meal very much...maybe it's just my taste buds..hmmm...well I'd def come back for more to try it more...


Ooh the bread was sooo good yumm!

3.5stars for me for now"
"possibly the BEST bbq I've ever had! 
First of all the portions are huge! my boyfriend and I thought shared a whole hog heaven would be perfect for us, but we barely finished half of it! their meat is so well cooked, the rib meat falls right off the bone and the brisket melts in your mouth like cotton candy. The mash potato as a side dish is a must too! The complementary cinnamon donut are also a delight, as full as you will be after the meal, you will definitely have stomach for those little donuts! 
The staff here are very professional and friendly.Our waitress was very helpful in answering our questions on the menu and checked up on us every so often to make sure we are satisfied with everything. Great restaurant!!"
"Aleena was a fantastic server!  If this review were specifically for her, it would be a 5!  We were a party of 7 and she took really good care of us.  The atmosphere is nice, clean and comfortable.  The food was a disappointment considering the prices however.  Not a lot of flavor (has seasoning gone out of style?) and frankly the presentation was lacking as well.  So I waffled between a 3 and a 4 overall. Am going with a 4 only because our service was great."
"My girlfriend and I came here while visiting AZ from CA.  We actually used Yelp to find the place.  I have had alot of bbq, and this is BY FAR, the absolute best I have ever eaten.  Try the Q Rolls, then get the Baby back ribs.  You will not need desert trust me."
"Food and service, xlnt.  Eat here."
"After a long week of hard work,  my daughter and I always make a point to get together and have a nice dinner on Friday nights. We always struggle trying to find a new restaurant  to add to our short list of favorites. BobbyQ made that list longer last night.

We arrived at 7:15 on a Friday night. This place was hopping. There was parking readily available so I thought we would get in right away.  There were at least 40 people waiting for seating when we approached to hostess stand. She very kindly took my name and told me I would be seated in 1 hr and 15 mins. After having a light lunch, that was a long wait. So, I asked about the bar seating and was told find a spot and its yours. I hovered around the bar and found an open patio bar spot with 2 seats open. It was perfect. Plenty of space, no jockeying for elbow room. No talking over our neighbors. Absolutely perfect. Our bartender Chris was very attentive. I told him we were newbies and on a busy night he told us the story BobbyQ. He told us his favorite foods and got us some water. Said any of the 3 bartenders would take our order. 

We picked the whole hog heaven,  lots of food for 2 people, but allowed us to try 2 styles of ribs, 1/2 rotisserie chicken, and brisket. Also 3 side dishes for $48 bucks. There was so much food, we brought 80% home. 

The service: we were immediately served the complimentary cornbread. We ordered 2 strawberry lemonade and they were great. I thought I would be charged 4 bucks each but for these speciality drinks but they were 2.50. I pay that for a Coke in most places.   Settled in our seats and within mins our food arrived. And it was impressive. We enjoyed our dinner and asked for to go boxes. We packed our food and the store manager appeared ready to pack our boxes in BobbyQ shopping bag. He also brought the complimentary cinnamon donuts. Hot and yummy, we loved it. Thanks BobbyQ for a great Friday night! We will be back!

Notes: if you sit at the bar for dinner look for the outside patio seating. Not a huge fan of the Mac and cheese. Everything else Great! We'll be back!"
"We are from KC. When we moved here we thought we would be without great BBQ. Then we found Bobby Q's. It's as good or better than anyplace in KC, delicious . Best meats any where!"
"It's got everything a great BBQ place needs - great selection of meats always cooked to perfection, great tasting sauce, sweet tea, Mac n cheese, sweet potatoes and peach cobbler! Service is always friendly and timely. As a native Texan who lives here in the valley this is the best place I've found. The only negative is the location."
"Beyond a doubt, my family's favorite restarurant in Phoenix.  Nicole was an outstanding waitress addressing all of our needs before they ever occurred.  As my youngest says (who's birthday it was), ""This is the best meal I've ever eaten and my most favorite restaurant.""  Believe it or not, that is the first time he's ever said such a thing.  I'm looking forward to my next meal at Bobby Q's!"
"Great reviews from so many people so I feel less bad about a non-stelller review.  

Service was great - friendly and quick.
Rolled-Q was really good.
The bbq meat were a-ok.  Not bad, but I was expecting better from someone who makes it for a living.  Chicken and pork were fine but the brisket was a bit dry.  Ribs were not bad.

Free fresh donuts were nice :)

Conclusion is anything fried is good here."
"This place is da bomb, although priceyl!  For two people, plan on spending close to a bill ($100).  My bf and I split a rib combo plate.  The food was simply divine.  I also ordered a drink which came in a pineapple."
"My husband who doesn't like tomato saucy BBQ meat says it was the best BBQ meal ever because sauce wasn't sweet as some others he tried. Mac & cheese was way too creamy for my taste but corn side was good w/ smokey flavor. Their beef brisket is so tender, baby back rib falls off the bone so good. beef rib was also good but after trying different sides all of us ordered, if I ever come back to Phoenix, I will surely come back and order a baby back rib w/ mashed potatoes and roasted veggies with extra bbq sauce to dip the meat in. Excellent bbq!"
"The food was decent, though I've had better barbeque (their sign says something like ""Best barbeque in the U.S.""
The one dish that stood out was their grilled corn.  It's cut off the cobb and had a sweet flavor.
We noticed that about 1 in 3 patrons were grossly overweight, perhaps their servings are  more than one person should eat (we split the 3 meat dinner)."
The atmosphere is awesome and the brisket is the best I've had since living in Texas. Their corn bread is sweet and soft and the cowboy beans are the best. Not much else to say. Wish there were more locations!
"I love Bobby Q! The food is delicious. We went tonight, knowing it would be busy, and waited over 40 min to be seated at a high top table in the bar. We had a great server who was very friendly and attentive. Got our waters quickly, followed by the delicious cornbread. I usually order the pulled pork, but this time I decided to get the pulled bbq chicken sandwich with mac & cheese. Didn't take long to get our food. Requested the regular BBQ sauce. The food was good, especially the mac & cheese which is very rich and yummy. Was interesting to see some vapor coming in from a fog machine in the adjacent club. I like the moist towelettes they give you to clean your hands after the meal. And perhaps the best part? The mini donuts! Our server even brought us some extra and offered to get us waters to go. The donuts were hot and scrumptious. Mmm mm! I think they raised their prices since the last time we came, but it's still a good value. Be prepared to leave full and happy."
Came from Cali to watch the Dodgers but I never thought I would fall in love with the bbq best place I've ate at great service and great food no BS!!!
I  visit Phoenix frequently from Houston and I must say this place is one of the best. From burgers to ribs you cannot go wrong with any entre at Bobby Q's. Tonight I tried the smokehouse burger and was extremely impressed with the flavor and quality. Portion size is it generous and the staff is top notch. I always look forward to my next visit to Phoenix!
Amazing food. Best baby back rib ever. Amazing service. Reasonable price and great ambience.
"Yelp did NOT lead us wrong.  
My husband and I live about 200 miles north of Phx., so when we come down we like to go for a nice meal.  We like to try new places, but the last three or four have been bad.  This time I went to Yelp to find a few possibilties.  We decided BBQ was the flavor of the day.  Bobby Q;s was the second listing by ratings,but they had an impressive number of reveiws, and they were close to our stops for the day.
Okay, on to the meal...It was fantastic!  The lunch menu is fairly priced for what you get.  I went for the most expensive thing( $13.00), a 3 meat sampler plate.  I ate way too much, but it was so good.  The hubby got the smokehouse burger,  he loved it, talked half the way home about how good it was.  He grew up near Memphis, where BBQ is a staple and he loved the BBQ sauce.  The cornbread cakes were a great starter, and the doughnuts they gave us for a finisher were all the dessert we had room for.  
Last but not at all least, Jo did a wonderful job of taking care of us and answering any questions that we had.  
We will be back, probably next trip to Phx."
Bobby Q is an up scale restaurant having delicious foods y romantic environment.This is a quality restaurant in all areas service is professional but very friendly to assist you w your order. I look foward to going back to Bobby Q for the Holidays they will be all festive can't wait. I have only given 4.5 stars . Because I never want a place to quit trying to keep their standards high. This is my highest rating. Because this place has earned it. Happy Holidays everybody be kind y share good will. Forgot Yes they do serve alcohol beverages.Cheers!
"The St. Louis style ribs here were on point. Very tender, very smoky, very much reminded me of the ribs I had at Pappy's Smokehouse in St. Louis, MO. The one knock on it was that it was a tad too salty, but I'm not one to complain about a little salt. They were so good we impulsively ordering a SECOND rack of ribs, only to realize that we were too full to continue soon thereafter.

The Q-Rolls stuffed were amazing as well, especially with the chipotle dip. Imagine a buttery pastry wrapped around smoked brisket, and you get the Q-Roll. If you had to get one appetizer, get this.

The best part is that they give you free donut holes at the end of your meal!"
"After researching Trip Advisor and Yelp for a fab place to take our hosts out to lunch as a thank you for a wonderful week in the Phoenix area, we decided on Bobby Qs. We had a starter of the Q Rolls, which I could have made a meal on. Hubby and I both ate salads and split a pulled pork sandwich. Our hosts had the combo and a pulled pork sandwich. All were delicious! We ate a fresh donut as a complimentary dessert bite, which completed our awesome experience. We all agreed we'd be back!!!"
"Fantastic barbecue and great setting. Good for the whole family. Large portions, great sauces and flavors, good service, and fantastic donuts. Have been coming here for years and have never been disappointed."
"Yummy in my tummy!! My boyfriend and I came here because of all the great yelp reviews, I mentioned Yelp and got a 10% discount :) Jeffery was our server and he was awesome!! We are from San Diego so we were curious to see if Bobby Q's is up there with Phil's.. I still think Phil's has the best baby back ribs but Bobby Q's pulled pork and beef brisket tasted amazing!! Try Bobby Q's you will not be disappointed!!"
Always a great experience when I come in.  I love their ribeye plate ribeye with their beans and Mac and cheese is the way to go.  Fresh homemade corn bread is delicious too!
"Last night I joined 4 friends and brought my girlfriend to eat at this restaurant for the first time. Before we got to order, the server was placing our water cups in front of us. The next moment surprised my whole table because the waitress mishandled a water cup and all the water in one cup fell onto my girlfriend next to me. I was so caught off-guard that I didn't even realize that half of my dress shirt got caught in the splash zone too. My girlfriend was just wearing a one-layered sweater so she didn't really have an option to change. As a result, apologies were given and as the waitress handed us napkins, she smiled and told my girlfriend ""you still look good though."" Everyone at the table had an easy-going personality, so we just shrugged off the situation. Thinking about what happened, I would not be surprised if someone else would go nuts about getting soaked before the appetizers came. 

Now onto the actual food. To the recommendation of my friends who have been here a handful of times, I ordered the fried chicken with mac & cheese and thought it was a great dish. The breading had a great crunchy texture and every bite of the chicken was tender and moist. The biggest recommendation we had was to try the beef brisket, so my girlfriend got that. We both shared our plates with each other, and I thought the brisket had a great smoky flavor to it. The beef was so tender that you could easily slice through it with a fork. Although the mac & cheese tasted really good, I felt that it was a little too heavy for my own tastes. I can't complain about any of the other sides because they all tasted great and were seasoned well. 

My girlfriend still liked the restaurant because the food was great and the dcor/layout of the restaurant seemed nice. Having been to many barbecue restaurants dispersed throughout California, I thought the restaurant was fairly priced and the food was top-notch. By the time we got to our check, I asked my girlfriend if she was still wet, and she said ""yeah a little."" It would've been nice if management stepped in and gave us a cookie to turn her frown upside down, but our waitress was probably too embarrassed to tell the manager anything. Would I come again? Probably, but I'm not sure when because I usually only eat out for special occasions or social gatherings."
"Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian.  What's that you say?  A vegetarian?!  What the heck is a vegetarian doing reviewing a BBQ place?  Settle down folks, I come in peace!

I have found myself at Bobby Q's a couple times now for my husband's work holiday party.  As I'm sure you could guess, this is likely the last place I would consider going, as I don't eat meat and I certainly wouldn't expect a bbq place to cater to my diet. :)  But I have to say it is probably one of the most vegetarian-friendly, meat-centric restaurants I have ever been to - is that a thing?  (Sorry Bobby Q's if I'm ruining your rep)

If you are a vegetarian and somehow find yourself here, you can definitely survive - in fact, you can actually really enjoy your meal. There are a few salads on the menu and also a bunch of great side dishes that you can assemble (tapas-style) to create a tasty vegetarian meal - my favorite combo is their baked potato (sans bacon), roasted veggies (super tasty) and the mac and cheese (seriously good).  In addition to the salads and sides there are several starters on the menu that will work as well as some a-la-carte items.  

The staff there are great and they are super accommodating - no eye rolling when you say, ""I'm vegetarian, can I order a bunch of sides?"" just a friendly, ""Sure, what would you like?""  

And for all you meat eaters, check out the rest of the reviews - Bobby Q's clearly knows what they are doing.  Both times I've been there they are packed and its clearly a popular place."
"Great BBQ joint in Phoenix! Such a good experience!

This place seemed like it was in a random location/nothing around the area, but maybe that's just because it was dark out and we were just trying to find the restaurant. The parking lot is large to accommodate all the people they likely have every night.  

We were greeted and seated immediately. Inside the ambiance was pretty loud and fun. Lots of space and seating, so groups are great here. When you walk in, you also might notice the doughnut making machine on the right. Try to save some room for those at the end! They're pretty good, and you get them complimentary! 

The service overall was good, fast and friendly. No complaints at all.

The food was really good as well! We got the Whole Hog Heaven. For two people, we really didn't come close to finishing this, so this might be good for three people, or four with smaller appetites. The meat was all delicious! I thought the brisket and pulled pork was a touch on the dry side, but I just threw some more sauce on and all was good. The cornbread is lite and fluffy, and the sides were great. Of all the meats, I actually thought the St Louis Ribs had the most flavor. And then, there was the doughnuts! Cinnamon Sugar I think. I don't think I have ever seen something like this given out complimentary before! What a nice touch!

Overall, great bbq spot in Phoenix! Highly recommend this place!"
"Awful, ghetto, and overpriced. I can't believe I've been there more than once. I wish my friends would stop making their parties there lol."
"Everything was absolutely delicious. There were a couple items we ordered that were not my favorite...but that's not to say they didn't taste good....just personally wasn't my favorite. The brisket was my favorite hands down. Meat is so tender almost melts in yours mouth. The baby back ribs had the bones falling off them when we were putting them on our plate! The beef ribs were more bone then meat and the meat was a little tougher...still had good flavor and I am glad we tried them but won't be ordering again. For the sides the mac and cheese was thick and my favorite...along with the mashed potatoes and we ordered gravy on the side! Yum! The pecan coleslaw was on point. The ranch beans were my least favorite item, the beans are a tad on the firm side and the sauce wasn't as sweet as I was thinking it would be. Maybe because of the ranch...won't be ordering again but also glad we tried them. The corn bread at the beginning was super tasty and the mini doughnuts at the end reminded me of back home MN state fair doughnuts!!! Overall, loves this place. A couple managers came by to check on how everything taste and I want to say maybe even the owner! I am not sure though I didn't ask him if he was....the waitress and the waiters were all on point. Awesome experience! Will be back!! :)

P.s. almost forget about the sausage! Perfect! The sauce on them was little spicy but just the perfect amount! That was my second favorite next to the brisket!"
"Excellent bbq joint! The brisket is incredible, but so is everything else. Love that I've never had bad service in all the times I've been here either...their servers are obviously very well trained. My family and I are proud to put this place in our regular rotation."
"WOW! This is definitely an authentic BBQ restaurant. Also, excellent service and nice atmosphere. Portions are generous."
"This place has some of the best barbecue food I have ever eaten. The meats were delicious, cornbread and corn were phenomenal. The manager came by to make sure we were having a good experience. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. Special kudos goes to Patrick and Kody who were not only excellent at their job, but very easy on the eyes. I will definitely be going here again and make sure to ask for Patrick, you will not be disappointed."
Mac and cheese to die for. Ribs fell off the bone. Donuts at end were a treat. Was on vacation and ate there twice it was sooo good.
I absolutely love this restaurant the service is amazing and the food matched it !! Had no issues loved how the manger on duty walked around to see how every table was doing ..can't remember servers name but he was amazing ! Restaurant is kinda pricey but worth it !
"Hard not to love this BBQ restaurant. The service and food are fantastic. Our waiter even went out of his way to bring us chairs from outside that had more cushion. 

Friendly staff and management, and food that is cooked with love. The cooks clearly have a passion for what they do. 

My spouse had the ribs and they were so moist and tender that they literally fell off the bone. My husband was so impressed and in love with those ribs. He also enjoyed the tender juicy brisket, potato salad and cornbread. 

I had the chicken and have never had rotisserie chicken that moist. They do a great job with everything and also have a bar. Nice atmosphere as well. We're fans and will be back."
Food was great and service was even better! Scott was fantastic. there was a little wait wait for our food and the manager offered a free desert on her.
"Went Sunday night with the bf, and we shared a huge combo of prime rib and bbq chicken with baked potato and 2 sides. We opted for a 2nd baked potato and pecan cole slaw.
We ordered hot tea, and it's the cute little boxes of Revolution tea, in various flavors -golden chamomile, ginger peach, tropical green, and earl grey lavender is what we ended up with. Love all of them.
I love prime rib, and this really hit the spot. The horseradish was not that spicy though. Still tasty (we get both) but I was hoping it had more of a kick. 
The bbq chicken practically fell right off the bone. the bbq sauce is one of my favorites.
Cole slaw was delicious as usual, but I didn't see any pecans.

Stefania was our server, and she was pleasant and attentive.


I like how versatile the table and booths are. They can easily be arranged to accommodate various sized groups, and just the fact that you can control how close you are to the table is always a plus in my book. I've been to other restaurants where it feels like you're a mile away from the table if you want back support. So it's great that this is not an issue.

I really want to try their oatmeal cookie martini, and some of the desserts were tempting, but I don't know if I'll ever have room to try!

A fun place to go for a celebration, a date, or family dinner."
"Well I was very excited to try this place based off of reviews and recommendations from friends. All I can say is meh. The food was extremely bland from the cornbread to the cloe slaw and even every meat on the sampler platter everything lacked any kind of flavor. This was extremely suppressing based on all of the raving reviews this place has. Maybe the cooks had an off day. There were two exceptions though the Mac and cheese was hands down the best I have ever had at a BBQ place and the Q rolls were amazing. Service was okay, but there was one thing that really made me uneasy about the place while eating I was watching the bar back cutting limes. First he wasn't wearing any gloves which is gross seeing that those limes go straight into drinks. But he then cut himself on the slicer, I could tell by his expression, he looked down at the cut and then continued to slice more limes. This really disgusted me so I decided to tell a manager. She came right But when I told her what had happened I really felt like she could care less. When we were finished talking she didn't even go remove the limes from the bar but went off to do something else. The food was definitly a dissapointment especially for the $50 price tag but again everyone has an off day, but I definitely won't be back because of what I witnessed and how little was done to fix it."
"Wow... Where to start. Pulled up and the parking lot was packed. Almost turned around and went somewhere else but everyone I had talked to about this place said it was amazing food... And it was my birthday, so being a special occasion, we waited for a parking spot.

Got seated in less than 3 minutes. Only draw back... Right by the cooking chickens. Really the hottest seat in the place!  But it was a cold night so we didn't complain. And the table is right by the kitchen but it wasn't loud like most restaurants.

Ordered cocktails and an appetizer. Mine was supposed to be served in a pineapple but arrived in a regular glass. Kind of a let down. But it was strong and good. And that's where the issues stopped.

Ordered the Spinach Artichoke dip. SO GOOD! The tomatillo salsa that accompanied it was devine.

I ordered the Jumbo baked potato with brisket and my mom got the brisket platter. The brisket is so tinder and delicious it just crumbles. We asked for extra BBQ sauce and the server brought out the original and Carolina. Their Carolina is a red sauce and not a Carolina gold. Peppery and spicy. But good. We both preferred the original. More on the sweeter side.  Both ordered the Mac & Cheese and my mom ordered the Pecan Cole Slaw. Mac & Cheese was heavenly. And mom loved the slaw.

I have a walnut allergy so it sadly limited my desert fare. Ended up with the Bread Pudding. It was really good... But by that point we could only eat a few bites as we were stuffed and were taking home leftovers. 

The staff was very nice and spent time with us. And the GM spent time with us on the patio talking about the company history and transition to BBQ (we were long time customers of their Bobby McGees in California).

In summation.... GO!  You won't be disappointed! I've been back since to order the baked potato to go. Even better the second time around!"
"It's our first time in Phoenix and we decided to visit Bobby Q to check it out. I made our reservation from yelp and it worked very well. We even received a 10% discount for checking in thru yelp.

Our meal started with delicious complimentary cornbread. I don't think I have enough words to describe how delicious ALL the food that we ordered specially the BRISKET and Chicken BBQ!
Bobby Q exceeded our expectations! They also have generous portion its good for sharing and worth every buck! HIGHLY recommended for your BBQ cravings!"
"We ordered the myriad of meats platter, and it was so much food we couldn't finish it just the two of us. The flavor of the meat was super delicious so was the barbecue sauce. The beer and cocktail menu was just the right size and had great options. The vibe and ambience is very cool and unique. A little bit of a corporate restaurant feel, but I like all the different size tables and chairs and the lighting was very nice at night.
The service was great and very attentive, they were helpful and polite. She boxer our food, which is always nice, and gave us epically delicious, fresh cinnamon sugar mini donuts at the end. Loved them!"
"I don't know how many times I've passed this place on the fwy. But finally I tried it and was amazed at how juicy, tender and satisfying the meat really was. Tried the feast platter with my date and we couldn't believe how yummy it was. We couldn't even eat half of it. It was so good and worth every penny (although is only served Sundays). Had ribs, chicken, tri-tip, slow cook pork and....something else PLUS two sides and corn bread. It was so good we said we must go back. A must try.

Odd location. Lower income neighborhood. But the restaurant is fun, clean & well presented. On weekends: they have dj/live music and dancing. Fun!"
Server was excellent. Manager was a joke.  She asked how everything was I told her my ribs would be better without the BBQ Sauce since I ordered them plain. The kitchen placed my robs on top of my son's brisket that was covered with sauce. She came back with a very small rib and was not friendly at all about having to replace it. Very poor customer service from the manager.  The food was good.
"Half baby back with mac/cheese and grilled veggies for $16.   Good house ale. They put sugar in the cornbread (a sin in Southern states) but it was good too.  The server brought us a small bag of fresh/hot mini-sugar donuts at the end to take home.  I can't eat them but they sure smelled great.  Service was excellent.  My faith in Phoenix BBQ was restored.  After a three day trip to AZ for business, this was my second BBQ meal.  The first one was the worst of my life but this was great."
"I went there today with my family because of all the reviews on yelp. When we got there our waitress was nice and it was a busy place. The food was off the chain. It was the best ribs I ever had in Arizona so far. Please try out this place and it will be worth it. Great food, wonderful service, fair price."
"This place is gorgeous with a lot of friendly staff!!! The food is amazing, the ribs are perfectly done and its a must !!!! I highly recommend this place !!!!"
This is hands-down my favorite BBQ place in the greater-Phoenix area. Great atmosphere. I love the brisket and the Mac and Cheese is to die for! Last night had another great experience with Amberlie as our waitress! She was outstanding. I also discovered a new yummy drink there: their sangria! Will have that again next time for sure! I always take out-of-town guests here and it never disappoints.
Probably the best brisket I've ever had!!!!! Amazing food and the drinks are good too. The free bag of mini doughnuts you get after your meal are so yummy. Worth every penny.
"Amazing service from the moment I walked in until I walked out. The setting and environment is very comfortable and inviting.  The food... is above an ""ok"" but it is over priced. On a scale of 1 to 10... overall a generous 7 (because of the selection). Ranch beans are delicious but could be served hotter. The corn bread is yummy and moist. The potato salad is creamy and very flavorful (you better like dill). The brisket was moist and tender but the sauce was a little bland for me (I like more heat). The baby back ribs were over cooked. In fact, I didn't like the ribs.

In summary, the price is almost worth it for the service and setting but let's be honest... I can't eat either of those.  $31 for a 2 meat combo and a beer."
I read a review here saying the ribs were as good as PHIlS BBQ in California. I did not believe it since Phils has award winning ribs. Well I was wrong. This place has the best ribs in Arizona. You will not leave disappointed one bit when you leave. The manager Krissy was super nice. I highly recommend you come check this place out.
"This place is DELICIOUS! My husband's company threw a party here and they sat our massive party on the covered patio which was decorated with hanging lights; the ambiance was enjoyable. We kept them busy ordering different cocktails and appetizers and the servers were informative and upbeat. The spinach dip was a favorite and I remember a tasty shrimp cocktail that I no longer see on their menu. Dinner and desert were phenomenal. I had prime rib and sampled a few different deserts, all delicious. I also decided to have my co-ed baby shower here. I called a month ahead to book a private room, but when I got there they put us in the main dining area. I objected and they ended up moving us to the ""club portion."" It was cut off from the rest of the restaurant and turned out well. It's a great place to entertain large parties."
"The 4 stars is for Friday night happy hour only!! It runs from 4-8pm and they have an outstanding complimentary buffet! The drink specials are decent. You can get a double well drink for the price of a single, and they pour nicely. 
Back to the buffet - I'm pretty sure it is only on Fri, but the buffet has tacos, nachos, fruit, veggies, and a beef brisket."
"I was really torn on giving them four stars.  But the main entree was  just not something I would come back for.  

Everything started out great.  Our server was on top of it.  Her name is Shay, and girl, you are just a SuperServer.  She is five stars.  She is excellence in itself.

The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is pretty good, casual yet upscale bbq joint.  They nailed that.

One thing to note is that all the meats are smoked for over 20 hours.  Sounds good!  We own a smoker, and the longest we had smoked anything was 8 hours.

For the appetizer, we ordered the Q rolls;  Tortilla wrapped brisket deep fried and served with chipotle sauce.  YUMMY!  Delicous!  If I come back, I will order these again.  The cornbread everyone raved about was alright..

For the main entree we split the 3  meat combo;  the pork, brisket, and sausage.  For the sides we had mashed potatoes and the mac and cheese.  Sure glad we shared.  It was alot of food.

This  is where it falls for me.  Maybe I went on an off day; but the meats were disappointing, especially after hearing they have been smoked for 20 hours. It was not flavorful or delectable or anything, just meat that was edible.  Even drowning it in bbq sauce didn't make it anymore appetizing for me. The mashed potatoes were very very BLAND.  I salt and peppered them to death trying to flavor them a bit.  The mac and cheese was very creamy, and was decent, but...I make tastier mac at home, thought not as creamy.  Its sad for me to convey this; I really was not satisfied with my meal.

Now the doughnuts they provided at the end of the meal was fresh and good. 

I don't know if I will be back, mainly because I want to try other restaurants and there are so many options out there.  But when I finish my quest to attempt different types of eateries, Bobby Q is not a place I would write off."
Omg it's so delicious just love this place and the food is just Awesome...doesn't get any better than this place...
"First visit today, it's 50 minutes from home but we were in the area and went on a recommendation, so glad we stopped.

Absolutely phenomenal pulled pork sandwich, best I have ever had to date, bar none. Really good baked potato, excellent service, great ambiance, free corn bread that was also pretty good.
At the end of the meal the waitress brought us a little bag of tiny cinnamon donuts that were made just seconds before she brought them to us, scrumptious.

I was also given a sample of the brisket, it was really good too.

Look out Joes BBQ!!! (And I love Joe's) When Bobby Q's opens this fall at Stapley and I-60 you are gonna take a hit.

Given the opportunity, we will revisit Bobby Q's when We're on that side of town.

(Kudos to our very pregnant and excellent waitress today, 15% tip to her and 15% tip to the baby. My wife just had her first Chemo treatment for breast cancer and is rapidly losing her hair, the great food and service really cheered her up today and she really needed that. Thank you!!!)"
"Found this place courtesy of the concierge at my hotel while in phoenix on business.

The brisket Q-Rolls are awsome as well as the ribs.  Some of the best BBQ I have had."
Food good wait staff arrogant and in a hurry.  Had a drink that was in a dirty glass. They apologized went to bar and poured it in another glass and brought back.  Weird.  Noisy
"This is one of the best BBQ places I have ever been to.  The baby back rib meat falls off the bone.  The sides were tasty as well.  Be hungry when you come, but be prepared to wait a bit if you didn't make a reservation."
"What a joke, took 25 minutes for the waitress to come to the table, food is very comparable to outback steakhouse but for twice the price.

I ordered the ribeye ($36 for a 14 ounce nothing special steak) and my girlfriend had some pulled pork. We also had 2 drinks each, the total came out to $125 before a tip. The waitress was just ok but I tipped decent because I used to be a waiter and it's a shitty job. 

Will never be back again, food quality should be much better for the prices."
Extremely friendly and delicious food. The ambiance is chill. Would definitely go back.
Good BBQ whatever meat you prefer. Sides are not the best especially the potato salad. Service is good. Prices are a little high but it smells so good walking up to the entrance.
"Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. And I've been to Kansas City. Low and slow cooking. Beautiful smoky flavor. The ribs were meaty and tender. The brisket was moist and beefy. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. The cornbread was warm and tender and sweet. The mac and cheese was flavorful, not pasty. The fries were thin cut and crispy. What a great meal. We took some of it home and it was just as great the next day. The only thing I was disappointed in was the beans. They tasted like vinegar. They really need to do a BBQ bean which would go with everything else. I forgave them when they gave us a little bag of freshly made doughnuts. Just the right thing to end the meal. So go! Take your kids, your relatives and friends. This is some good eats!"
Love this place always clean. I highly recommend this place and everything is very delicious. Best BBQ in town by far! I have been here more then once and every time is as good as the first time or even better.
Came in for Jacque's family bday dinner.  Our server was training a new server and neither of them missed a beat. The cornbread was just the right amount of sweet and the beef brisket was tender and full of flavor. The GM Taylor came over to check in on one of his rounds. Taylor sang a great song for the table.  A great howl in the end.  Very pleased with dinner and service. Thank you Bobby Q
The pulled pork is amazing.  Sit at the bar with bar with Chelsea and Tony.  They are funny and great with  bourbon suggestions.
"Barbeque is not my favorite style of cuisine. There. I said it. That having been said, I find myself going to BBQ restaurants on a regular basis because the men in my life live for it. So I got talked in to hitting up Bobby Q. Sure...why not...

The food at Bobby Q is EXCELLENT. Probably the best BBQ I've ever had and as I said, I don't like BBQ very much. Very flavorful, not overly sauced, good sized portions. All around, excellent.

So why the 3 stars? Three reasons.

1) RIDICULOUSLY high prices. It's BBQ, not Morton's steak house. Our party of 4 bill was nearly $100 and there wasn't an alcoholic beverage in sight....

2) Service was not up to par at all. You do not leave the appetizer dishes on the table when you are putting down the dinner dishes. And you don't leave said dishes on the plate after the lady of the table has gone out of the way to stack said dishes perfectly so you can easily take them away. And you don't leave them until said lady has to ask you 3 times to take them away. 

3) Restaurant was dirty. Sorry but leaving tables unbussed all around us just isn't acceptable at the prices you are charging much less at a lower-price-point establishment. 

Bobby Q...get your service up to par, take a good look at your price points, and CLEAN. I'll be back I'm sure since the men in my life love BBQ. I would love to be able to raise your stars!"
I really liked this place.  The atmosphere is cute and the server was so friendly and helpful. Everything we ordered tasted amazing.  I had a ribeye cooked to perfection.  Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes were so delicious.  The potato salad wasn't great but everything else was amazing. Loved the lemonade and my husband had the ribs and Pecan slaw.  It was just really good food and service.  I'm definitely going back.
"Fast on refills, even provided a to-go cup when requested.
Ordered the 3 meat platter and received large portions.  Baby back ribs and brisket were tender.  Chicken was just a little dry in some areas.
Servers and cashiers coordinated very well for a party of ~20 people.  All food was delivered at approximately the same time.  Checks were split without problems.
Fresh, complimentary cinnamon doughnuts were super tasty."
"If you go to a BBQ restaurant I have two words of advice.  

1. Do order what they are known for
2. Don't try to eat healthy  

I ordered the shrimp and it was pretty bad.  I know everyone else loved their dishes but I made the mistake of trying to watch my calorie intake by ordering something that was not their specialty.  I have no doubt that Bobby Q's has amazing barbecue but what it does not have is good seafood.  I plan on trying this place again and actually ordering brisket which I hear is amazing."
"Great place ... reasonably priced, fast and the service was superb! Sit on the patio if it's not too hot."
"Bobby Qs was recommended by my realtor, a local resident who suggested I try it. I had to come by myself since I am visiting the Phoenix area and was on my own for dinner tonight. Since it happens to be just across the highway from my hotel I decided to try it.

I sat in the bar and the very friendly and outgoing bartender took my order for the combo rib plate which came as a half rack of baby backs and a half rack of Saint Louis ribs.  They were out of the beef ribs which I would have ordered over the baby backs which feel are over rated.

The ribs took less then 15 minutes from order to table. The plate was impressive and the ribs were excellent.Other then size of the bone I couldn't tell them apart.  For me general rule for ribs is that if they are ""falling off the bone"" they are over cooked. That was the case here, but the ribs were so tasty I was able to overlook that. They have two choices of BBQ sauce, spicy and mild...they were both similar in flavor with the spicy having a little more kick.  Overall the meal was excellent...I wish I had someone to enjoy it with. All in all 5 stars for food, service and atmosphere.  Next time I am going to try the smoked prime rib...sounds interesting."
"I had the Beef ribs and I'd rate them as ok.  The meat was really tender and the sauce was good.  However, I couldn't detect any of that Smokey bbq taste that I enjoy.  Overall it was a decent meal, I'd eat there again."
"This was my first stop out of Mesa-Gateway airport.  Yelp! and TripAdvisor both had great things to say and I was hungry!  I had never been to the Phoenix area before, so I didn't know what to expect.  Let me tell you, as the good Reverend Hammer would put it, this place is ""2 Legit 2 Quit.""

The food is phenomenal.  I've had Texas 'cue and this place easily stands up to it.  I don't say that lightly, as most BBQ is half assed.  Not here; everything is slow smoked for about a day and is tender as a young lover's dream.  The food is not shy on flavor, but they definitely let the meat speak for itself.  I had smoked prime rib, beef ribs, and baby back ribs.  Even the vegetables were delicious.

Our waitress was Alexis; she was friendly, fun, and very helpful.  She was not shy about letting us know what she does and doesn't eat on the menu.  The best part is I totally believed her.  When she talked about the prime rib and the beef ribs, I could tell she really LOVED those items at Bobby Q.  She checked in with us at every pass.  Most times we were too busy stuffing our faces with the awesome food.  Alexis was damn genuine about making sure we had everything we needed.  The manager also came by and made sure everything was to our satisfaction; it was apparent that customer service is one of her top priorities.

Rick G. hit the nail on the head -- the good people at Bobby Q really enjoy working there and make it a point to let you know that your business is appreciated.  It reminds me of the southern hospitality I experience when I'm in Texas.

I'm back in San Francisco now, but have been thinking about Bobby Q's all day.  I can't wait to go back."
"How the mighty have fallen...  I used to look forward to visiting this place - great food, good ambience.  After this last visit, my family and I are not going back.  I don't feel wanted as a customer because of my food allergies.  

I have gluten sensitivity and BBQ restaurants tend to be safer than most.  I'm a big fan of ribs.  Give me ribs, mashed potatoes & ice tea - and I'm content.  No special modifications required.  

Their gluten free menu looked like a child had done it.  It was very negative and I don't think it was accurate.  The waitress asked us if we wanted cornbread moments after she had brought us the gluten free menus, and brought us doughnuts at the end of our meal.  I've been there in the past and received excellent service, to the point where I was thinking of scheduling a banquet there.  The last two times, the service has been so meh,  I'd rather take my money elsewhere."
"This is the place to eat in the Phoenix. Our food was amazing and our server, Dustin, was extremely helpful and made us feel welcome and comfortable. This review would be 5 stars hands down if it wasn't for the ""manager"" Jack. Jack was extremely rude on the phone and a complete jackass when we arrived. Don't let the terrible manager ruin your experience at this establishment."
Oh my... You have to try the baby back ribs and the sauted mushrooms are wonderful.  We always get it for take-out.
"If I am just judging based on the food...it gets 5-stars.  I wasn't wild about the chicken marinade or the presentation, but the bbq is good eats.  We felt  rushed because food came so quickly, but I am sure that had to do with how busy they were and the ease of serving bbq.  I would recommend the brisket and pulled pork, as well as the mac'n'cheese.  We had great service as well...wonderful people."
Best barbecue in phoenix! Love the brisket oh man the prime rib is so tender just like the ribs they practically fall off the bone. Did I mention the roasted veggies potatoe salad chicken wings I could go on and on about this place but you gotta check it out for yourself I know I will  be back.
Enough food to have for lunch the next day and it was still finger locking good. Ribs were well rubbed and right amount of sauce.  The mac and cheese was a meal within itself.  Keep up the good work.
"Delicious food, great service and fun ambiance = amazing dining experience. I have frequented Bobby Qs on several occasions for company dinners but had not dined with my husband. Over the weekend , my husband and stopped in and had a fantastic meal. We started with Q rolls, big hit! For entrees, we went with roasted chicken which was some of the best we have ever had and the fried chicken which was crispy but tender. The side dishes were all exceptional and ending the meal with warm mini donuts was a great way to end the meal. We do not live near Bobby Qs but this meal is worth the drive and we can't wait to return."
"TOTALLY AWESOME ! We had a hankerin for some good BBQ, and went for the best. Each time my Wife & I go here, we are always glad we did. We split a "" Hog Heaven "", and had plenty left to bring home. What you see below are Baby Back & St. Louis Ribs, Rotisserie Chicken, Smoked Sausage, Grilled Veggies, Mac and Cheese, and of course Shoestring Fries. A meal fit for a king, and impeccable service, is why we love this place."
"This rating is based on catered food - I haven't been into the restaurant since it was Bobby McGee's - and maybe the food is better when eaten there.

Someone from work had Bobby Q's cater in last week.  One star is for getting the order and all the extras right.  Plenty of buns, plates, silverware and wetnaps to go around.  The other star is for the cornbread muffins - they were pretty damn good.

Meats were pork, chicken, brisket and ribs.  In the interest of this review, I decided to sample all.  The texture of the meats was the only way I could tell the difference.  The brisket was sliced, the ribs were with bones, the pork was all gristle and the chicken was - um, the other one.  Really, flavorwise, they were identical.  How on earth did they manage to pull that off?  We had large containers of the regular and spicy bbq sauce.  Good thing I loaded up on the spicy.  It wasn't.  At all.  But it actually had some flavor - so I cringe to think what the regular would have tasted like.  

I enjoyed the texture of the cole slaw - it had a much finer shred than most.  Too bad it was tasteless.  If the slaw tasted as good as it looked and felt in my mouth, I'd add an extra star and probably go there just to make a meal of the coleslaw and cornbread.

Lacking space on my plate - I skipped the mac n cheese and beans.

Based on reviews from people here I know and trust - I am guessing it's way better in the restaurant - but as far as catered bbq goes, the best thing I can really say is it was a free meal for me - so I guess I got fair value for the price I paid.

Meh, indeed."
"Took an hour to get our food however the hostess apologized and complemented our table with free desserts.  Large portions are served and you don't leave hungry. The food was amazing and drinks were OK. I highly recommend the ribs, they're Soooo amazing! Another of our new favorites. The neighborhood was a bit sketchy though but ok."
This was some of the best BBQ we have ever had the atmosphere here is laid back up scale staff great food good drinks overall it was a wonderful experience. We will definitely be going back..
"Once again I don't understand these high reviews they must have not ate at the same restaurant that I ate at. Everything I ate was extremely greasy/ fattening and artificial tasting. The free corn bread they bring out was so buttery and greasy I couldn't eat it. Next my girlfriend and I shared two entrees, the pork ribs with mac n cheese and fries, and the pulled pork with corn and cole slaw. The ribs were so fatty and the quality of meat was not up to par. The pulled pork had a nice flavor but made me feel very ill once I was done. The corn was a joke, it was super water logged and they left the unwanted part of the corn on top as a garnish."
"Amazing food great service awesome surrounding 
I recommend the drink in the pineapple  and the ribeye"
"I can't say enough good things about this place. We were a party of 11 which included 5 kids and 6 adults.  I called for reservations on a Saturday night,  and I was glad I did, because the place was packed. They had our table set up in a private room which was awesome. The food was delicious and huge quantity. The service was spectacular and if ever back in town, I will definitely be visiting this place again. Thank you for an enjoyable meal!"
The best BBQ joint I've been too! The BBQ sauce is great and the meat is so tender. The service is great and the location is well kept.
"Was visiting Pheonix/Glendale for a Raider game, and yelped around for a spot to eat.  This BBQ joint is off the wall.  I have not had BBQ like this and the service is the best.  I highly recommend this place if you are a BBQ aficionado."
If you're in the Phoenix area definitely make this a must have dinner trip! We had to wait no time at all and were seated very quickly. Our server was Nicole and she was literally the best server we have ever had. She made sure we were attended to and had a great personable conversation with us. The food was amazing as well. We had the pulled pork sandwich and the BBQ chicken sandwich which were both perfect. We are from the east coast towards the south so we have had our fair share of BBQ and this was by far the best we've had. The mac and cheese was great and we both got it as our side. For dessert we got the death by chocolate which once again was amazing. To top it all off they brought us little donuts as an end of the meal treat and they were so good we had to force them down as we were so full but they were just so amazing! We were checked on once again by two gentlemen who were hosting and both were amazing and made sure or experience was good. Both were extremely personable. Overall an amazing establishment and made our trip to Phoenix even better! We will definitely be back in the future!
"We were in Phoenix for a family vacay and we were lucky to find this great place.  Best BBQ ribs I've had and  customer service is EXCELLENT!  We ordered take out,wait time was minimal.  Wish we had one in Cali."
One of our favorite stops in phoenix. Our company has a datacenter in phoenix so every few months we head down to phoenix and make it a point of going to bobby Qs. I typically get their prime rib which is always cooked to a perfect mid rare as requested. Their service is always excellent. We must keep going during their training cycle because they always have us sit where the waiter is training someone. Their pricing is perfect for the amount and quality of thr food. I will be back.
"omg!!!! i had the most wonderful experience at baby's steak and lemonade. first of all, service is an a+, everyone there is wonderful. the food is  awesome, i had the crispy philly mix and i loved it, my husband ordered a chicago style hotdog, and my kids loved the pizza puffs and homemade hamburger. im for sure coming again. everything was hot and fresh and my kids adored all the lemon decor, not to mention the fresh squeezed lemonade icees  top off the meal."
"Best bbq I have ever had and trust me I try a lot off bbq places. We were her for my sons baseball Junior Olympics and this place was recommended to us. We tried it the very last day and let me tell you, We will be going back every single time were in Arizona. We had the 49 dollars platter that came with 2 different types of ribs, chicken, tri tip and 2 sides. AMAZING!!!! the corn  bread is also the best and at the end they bring you this little donuts. This place is a must."
Delicious! The smoked pork flaked off like butter. The gift bag of donuts given at the end of the meal was a nice treat! Highly recommend!
"We are from the Midwest and it's difficult to find good BBQ around here.  This is the best!  It is definitely a Midwest style BBQ.  Lots of parking behind the building.  The Hostess was sweet and knowledgable and let me look around the lounge area and told me about the dancing and crowd.  We got seated pretty quickly even though it seemed crowded.  We went on a Sunday about 130pm.  The Server (Dana) was great.  She said she had been there for 8 years.  They bring you corn bread to start.  It was really good and very moist.  We decided to order an appetizer since we hadn't been here before.  We ordered the wings 1/2 & 1/2.  They were both amazing but the BBQ was so good, next time I would order all BBQ.  We ordered the Half Hog platter to share.  It was the Sunday feature so it was only $31.99.  It came with ribs, brisket, chicken and pulled pork.  It was all wonderful!!  It was a lot of food.  It said it feeds 2-4 people.  It is definitely enough for 4 people.  It also comes with choice of 2 sides.  We got the mac & cheese and shoe string fries.  The mac & cheese was so creamy and delicious!  The fries were good too.  The only negative I have to say is that they serve Pepsi products.  We will be going back a couple times per month.  And I might go one night to try the Salsa dancing."
"Love this place. Excellent food. And for the best experience, sit outside on the patio. Amazing atmosphere. Highly recommended."
"Hamburger delicious meat realy juicy tender ,very good service very friendly people , litle dougnut delicious"
"I'm in Phoenix on business. A coworker suggested Bobby Q's, so I gave it a try. The St Louis ribs, Mac-N-Cheese and Potato Salad are life-changing!! I will be back in Phoenix, and Bobby Q's is on the top of my ""must"" list!!"
Great service and absolutely delicious food & BBQ all around.  Already looking forward to my next visit
"This is our second time visiting Bobby Q's and once again, it was a tasty experience and a great break from our drive to Sedona. Our group was large, so we called for reservations (recommended since they are busy, especially over the holidays). We had lunch both times and the food was delicious and the portions were generous. 

You would expect the main entrees to be tasty, but the extras were also great. My sister-in-law was still talking about their cornbread a week later, but personally I'm a bigger fan of their free cinnamon donuts. We had the combo platters with a full range from the pulled chicken, brisket, pork, ribs and smoked sausage. Everyone enjoyed their food. 

The service was excellent and a great example of how a well run restaurant should operate. Everyone from the server to the manager were focused on ensuring we had a great time.

We've continue to enjoy our visits to Bobby Q's. This is now a mandatory stop whenever we are in the Phoenix area!"
"This place is weird because half of it is trying to be a Vegas style night club and stays closed most of the time except weekends. Such a waste of space that could be used to fill tables through out the week instead. My dad really likes this place. The atmosphere is great and most of the food is good but I have had better BBQ. Anyone can grill or ""smoke"" some meat and slather BBQ Sauce on it and trick most people into thinking its great BBQ but the true test is in the brisket and the brisket here is substandard at best."
"Went here for graduation. Food is good, but service is sometimes hit or miss. I am partly disappointed that I was promised a separate room for my large party, but was placed in basically the center of the dining room.

The BBQ is quite good though and I'd go back purely for that reason."
"Great atmosphere and great food. The ""Perfect Hamburger"" was truly perfect and cooked to my specification. Price was $10 and included a side of fries ."
"This place has amazing cornbread, I'd go just for that. In fact, you should go at least once just to try it. 

Service was really slow and unattentive, but it's a popular place so that was expected. I got the ribs but they didn't even come off the bone that easily. it was obvious they were cooked fast, not a proper slow and low. We had a few sides to sample, but they werent anything to note. 

It's a fun, lively place but I won't be making a habit of it as there's better rib options out there."
"AMAZING FOOD AND AMAZING SERVICE. I never write yelp reviews for anyone, but this place took the cake. My server was the sweetest gal named Maddie, she was fast and good at her job. The food was falling off the bone good. Nothing bad about this place. Thank you!"
Yummy! I come here for their beef ribs and their rib eye steak.  Atmosphere and service is great!  Their pineapple mixed drink is the bomb.
"You know how it is.. when your jones'n for something .. your just gonna have to find it.. ENTER yelp app on the iPhone! Boom .. Bobby Q's within 15 minutes of my home.. during the rain and the wind.. thats what I needed .. good old barbeque.. Really.. I couldnt decide how or what to order to get my comfort food on.. because that is the way the menu rolls.. Ended up with the 2 meat platter.. split with someone else.. salad on the side.. perfect.. pulled pork, beef brisket.. yum.. 
mashed potatoes are the kind grandma used to make.. 
my cohort in jones'n crime got her carb on with the mac/cheese.. (kind of velveety' for me..but still yummy).. 
AWESOME corn muffins.. 
Alfonso, our waiter.. the best Ive had in months:-) 
Oh yeah.. they love yelpers .. mention it.. see what you get:-)"
"The ribs are awesome! Fully cooked and delicious, meat fell off the bone! The corn beard was money and best part of meal! This is a real bbq spot! If your in the mood for some really good ribs or bbq stop by and try it! Nice staff and clean place"
YES! Got the baby back ribs and the meat just falls right off the bones.
"Sorry Yelpers!  This is not my first time here but the second!  Well if we count the take out my husband brought home Sunday than this is my 3rd.  Everything we have ordered here is fabulous!  On Sunday my husband got the 3 meat meal & I the loaded baked potato with brisket.  The brisket on my potato was Melt in your mouth yummy goodness!  Now I had to fast one of the hubby's St Louis ribs.  Oh my goodness - I was sad we didn't get a rack of those for my dessert.  It was soooo good!!! 

So 3 days later I am here for the ribs & that Mac n cheese. I am trying the Cajun shrimp as a starter which I always get the onion block.  Maybe new favorites to unveil today! Will be continued...."
Truly the best BBQ Catering in Arizona. I have used them several times for anything from a Company Christmas Party to Birthday and Graduation Parties. Prices are reasonable and the service is great. Best tasting brisket ever and I haven't had anyone at any of the parties they have catered that hasn't loved the mac and cheese and cornbread!
"Amazing. Definition of BOTH, melts in your mouth AND falls off the bone. Wish I would've tried it sooner."
Absolutely the very best BBQ  in AZ.  The meats are wonderful and the sides excellent.  The servers are very pleasant and patient.  The only restaurant to go to for BBQ.   You won't be disappointed.
This may be one of the finest barbecue places I have ever been to.  Not only was the barbecue I had fantastic. The service was outstanding. The food was quick to our table and they topped it off with free beignets for everyone. I truly wish they had this place in utah.
"Went during lunch time, it was the best bbq I've ever had! The St Louis ribs and mashed potatoes were amazing, the corn bread and mac n cheese were great. I'm from San Diego and was in Arizona for spring training I'm so glad I found this place. If I'm ever in arizona again I will make sure I stop here. It was heaven!!!"
"Yep, when the kids are happy, everyone is happy. 

My 7 year old loved this place, actually all of us loved this place. 

It has ambiance, and a great menu... 

So, here it is: play by play:

5 stars for parking 
5 stars for wait time, busy dinner time and we were seated immediatley 
5 stars for menu options 
5 stars for speed of food coming out
5 stars for everythingggg"
"We've been to Bobby Q's many times and it's always been a great experience. Everything we've eaten here has been delicious, the services is exceptional, the prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is great too. My husband loves the Baby Back ribs and usually sticks to that. But I like try something different each time. On our most recent visit I had a Ribeye steak and it was delicious. Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. Our server, Lindsey, was very friendly, efficient, and accommodated all of our special requests. Our food was served quickly and exactly as ordered. We like to take our family and friend's to Bobby Q's too, because we know there will be something on the menu to please everyone. Bobby Q's is one of our favorite places for dining out."
"Service is fantastic, meat falls off the bone, leftovers feed you for another day. Pulled pork, and the ribs are unreal. Mac and cheese is the best side as well. Mini Donuts in a to-go bag cause you won't have space to eat them after your meal. Place can get quite busy, but have only had a good experience so far."
"other than the lopsided table, food was spot on....very unfortunate that it wasnt an all u can eat brisket night...delicious!"
"Came here on a whim. The outside is very deceptive but the inside is pretty nice, great atmosphere and mood lighting. The food though is the key here. In one word, spectacular! I got the brisket sandwich with Mac & cheese. So so so good!  The brisket falls apart it's so tender, and really doesn't need a sauce. The Mac & cheese is gooey, creamy & hot. The husband had the BBQ chicken and he inhaled his. Just a great meal."
"Visiting from California with my boyfriend from Texas...and this Bar-B-Q passed the taste test !! Great waiter and the-manager checked on us to see how we liked the food. 
We will be back ...thank you"
"I don't know what all the hoopla is about this place.  I'm pretty particular about my BBQ having grown up in Dallas; so I'm partial to NE Texas BBQ, and this ain't it.  I suppose it appeals to a broad spectrum of diners which is what it takes to fill a restaurant.  Recent visit had the brisket, chicken and links.  Brisket was ok, chicken-ok, link not very good.  The mac and cheese was stellar, rest of the sides were mediocre.  The doughnuts at the end of the meal is a very nice touch.  A little pricey for a BBQ joint."
"Stopped here on our way to the PHX airport. Management is really active and always checking on us. The server was also great and tried really hard. The food was not good, and the prices are high for what you get. It smelled great from outside but unfortunately have had much better BBQ in Phoenix. The doughnuts for dessert are delicious! Might try them again next time we are in town, maybe just an off night."
"Stumbled across this place by accident and after seeing how highly rated it was, we just had to try it.

My husband LOVES BBQ. He's particular about everything from taste to texture to size portions.

He loved it all.

Great atmosphere, great service, food was brought out very quick too!

We had the Whole Hog dish with beef ribs, briquet, and rotisserie chicken. Our sides were coleslaw, baked potato, Mac and cheese, and vegetables. It fed three people and we still brought some home. 

Everything was exceptional! 

My only qualm, and it's a small one, not enough good vegetables. A few squash and mushrooms but mostly onion and bell pepper filler. 

This Cali girl can't wait to come back to visit again!"
"I came here by myself while on a business trip and I absolutely LOVED this place. I was seated right away at a booth near the bar, and my waitress was extremely friendly and helpful while I tried to decide what to order. 

I had the Bobby Q's Amber Ale, which is brewed specially for them. If you like ales, this is definitely a good one and goes great with the barbecue. For dinner I decided to go with the smoked pulled pork, mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese. It came out so quickly I was sure they were bringing me someone else's order! Literally five minutes after I ordered it was at my table, piping hot. 

It was easily the most tender pulled pork I've ever had, and the BBQ sauce was just perfect. The mac and cheese wasn't be best, but it was still pretty delicious. The cornbread that comes with it was also great with a pat of butter. 

After I paid the check, the waitress came over with a little bag of fresh cinnamon sugar donuts which I devoured, even though I was completely stuffed from my meal. Definitely thinking of coming back here again while I'm in Phoenix!"
"I'd probably say this is the best BBQ in town! Or at least phoenix, north phoenix! Really really good, take the whole family no one will be disappointed"
"We enjoyed our dinner at Bobby Q - good barbecue, sandwiches and plates. Just had beer -but definitely more to choose from. Enjoy.
,"
"Tommy did a huge job providing great service. The pulled pork had an amazing smoke ring...as did the brisket,..as did the chicken...and the q-rolls are a great idea. Good stuff--worthy of its rep!"
"This is one of my favorite places to eat in the world!  Great food, great service!  Try the the q-rolls!"
"Nobody leaves disappointed.. unless they're trying to count calories.  Service staff is yummy, and that counts for something in my book too!"
Absolutely delicious food consistently and great BBQ! Decent service. Bill for four people was 90 bucks with good tip.
"I have been passing by this place for years during my visits and never bothered to stop. That was a mistake. Everything was perfect from start to finish. Even the food that I didn't think was perfect was good. I had the ribs and I tried the pulled pork and brisket. PERFECT. The taste was awesome. It was smoked, but not overly so...Tender...DELECTABLE. The beans were good...different...Texas style, but a little sweet. Mac & Cheese was perfect. OH my...The cole slaw was AWESOME! The corn was overcooked to me. It would have been nice to have just a bit of crunch. I wouldn't get the corn anymore, but hell there are so many more sides. The apple pie was oh...so...good. The doughnuts were..to..die..for...And the service...PERFECT!"
Literally the best customer service ever!!! The food was amazing as well! It is a hour drive for us but we will definitely be back.
Being from TX I'm always looking for good BBQ! Bobby Q had amazing BBQ! Make sure you ask for Ashlynn. Her personality is not only 2nd to none I informed her that I was on the clock and even with a Saturday lunch rush she got my food to me in less time than it took for me to read the table tent. The mgr was also seen more than once roaming and making sure everything was perfect.  I don't normally post reviews but made an exception in this case. Very well done!
Best BBQ I've ever had!!! The food was just as good as the service. The manager Taylor was superb! We had a grumpy toddler and he did everything he could to make her happy. The environment was great too!!! Can't wait to come back!!
This food was the BEST barbecue I've ever had!!!! Worth every cent! Don't miss it. The 30 minute wait was worth it! Service fantastic too! Management checked in with us during our meal!
"I wanted to love it, but I liked it.

It's big. The service is very attentive (though my table was dangerously wobbly.)

The ribs were good - as was the sauce. Cornbread was tasty too.

Veggies were plain. And baked potato was meh. Not enough toppings and just not delicious.

Worth checking out if it's on your way. (It's right off the highway.)"
"Every time I come here the service is extraordinary! I love the food, the people, and the atmosphere, it's just a great place to come with family and friends. If your"
"Came here on a whim, and fell in love with the place.

Our server Raymond was super friendly and commented repeatedly on how they Love Yelp here.  Hey Gabi, this would be a great place for an official Elite Event, and they have an attached nightclub!

On to the food.  Ray suggested the Q-Rolls appetizer, and it didn't disappoint.  They're like flautas made with brisket, accompanied by two dipping sauces.  Simply Amazing!

Ray also recommended the whole hog entree with brisket, pulled-pork and baby backs.  It was large enough for my wife and I to share.  Delicious and filling.  My daughter ordered the half chicken plate, and their fries are superb.

We finished it off with a peach cobbler, and to our surprise, we were presented with a bag of Thank-Q's (accompanying our check), which were freshly made dough balls coated in cinnamon & sugar.  Very good!

If we lived closer, we'd be a fixture in this place."
I didn't enjoy the food at all. The BBQ sauce was ketchuppy and the brisket was spongy. You can get a better meal at Texas Roadhouse and pay less. I guess this has more classy ambiance but I'm after a good meal
"Had the BESSSSSSST BBQ ever.....can't wait to come back again! Matt was a great server, he made sure we had plenty of drinks! The food was at our table in a flash, couldn't believe how fast it was!!!! The place was gorgus!"
"Delicious BBQ, but perhaps going there the day after Thanksgiving was not the best idea...I was still stuffed!  Next time, I will nkow to go hungrier!"
"Ordered the three meats and two sides and nothing disappointed! Brisket wasn't full of fat like most places but instead tender, St. Louis ribs were fall of the bone! Had it w the Not spicy bbq and Chipotle's ranch and it was the best I ever had. 

Travis was as our server and was unbelievably patient and well informed! One of the best all around servers we have ever had at a restaurant and will be a major cause for returning.

The restaurant is clean and tidy with a wonderful ambience of not to loud of a bar area or annoyingly loud country music"
"Excellent! My wife and I were pleasantly surprised with this hidden gem. Ordered a combination plate...hog something. Two ribs, two meats, and three sides. Meat was so tender it melted in your mouth. WOW! 

If your ever in Phoenix stop by and have a the best meal experience ever! Price and food portions were perfect! Service was great everyone made sure that you were taken care of...trust me if you want a great meal come and get it! 

We're from California and would definitely stop in again while passing through.

Great job!

Brisket, pulled pork, St. Louis ribs, beef ribs, pea can coleslaw, potato salad and veggies."
Yum!! 2 meat combo for $25 Bbq brisket + BBQ chicken + mac&cheese + coleslaw with nuts + corn bread. Super scrumptious!
"heard so much about this place so HAD to try. the cornbread is good and we ordered the hog heaven. the ribs with the brisket and the pulled pork. DELICIOUS. best BBQ we've ever had. perfect portion for
us. the sides were small but there was enough meat to compensate for it. also, the service was super fast. less than 15 minutes after we ordered, the food had come out! will be coming again!"
Great barbecue tucked into a not so busy area. I got the  pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese. Such a good meal and really cool place. I will definitely be back!
"What a clever name!! 

The restaurant is quite large but we made reservations to be safe. We got seated right away, and ordered the hog heaven to split between 3 ppl. We ordered the baby back and st.louis ribs with brisket, pecan cole slaw, mac and cheese and corn. They started off the meal with their complimentary corn bread, which was pretty good! Their brisket and ribs were tender and you didn't need a knife because it fell off the bone. We asked for their spicy BBQ sauce but I wish it was spicier. For their sides, I really enjoyed their mac and cheese and corn, which I recommend. Their cole slaw was just okay. The portion was perfect for 3 people and we even had some left overs. 

To finish off the meal, they bring you fresh mini donuts that they fry and shake with cinnamon sugar. Such a sweet treat!"
"Don't go when it's busy on a Saturday early evening last Sat: 10-11, went there around 5:30 pm went straight to bar thinking we would be served faster than waiting in line for a table and we like to interact with the bartenders.  WRONG!!!! First off we sat down being the first couple, then another couple, then another couple and then a single person.  All of the other people were served and acknowledged before us!!!  We thought, are we invisible?  We had never been treated like this before!  Tony one of the bartenders NEVER made eye contact with either myself or my husband once!  They were smashed busy full service bar also going to the kitchen to get us cornbread.  But when you first sit at a bar you would think the bartenders know to look up occasionally and greet the customers with at least ""We'll be right with you""  Tony looked pissed and unhappy the entire time we were there.  The food is fantastic, my husband and I shared the full slab of baby back ribs with two sides: mac n. cheese and coleslaw, excellent with the extra spicy, hot sauce on the side!  Nice hot doughnut holes delivered to us after we were done!  We have eaten here couple times before and got takeout a couple of times when we went camping.  Spoiled our Saturday date night for a couple of retirees.  Hope it wasn't because I was Asian female and he was grey haired older man, kept thinking it was because of my race but not sure, Tony greeted and went right up to take care of a Black couple that sat down next to us.  Who knows, very sad, bothers me until today.  Never treated like the invisible couple before at a bar!"
"I came to Phoenix on business, I live in NY where there is truly great dinning and I have to say that Bobby Q's is the best BBQ I have ever had. I had the baby back ribs - which could be eaten with a knife and fork, but the BBQ sauce was so good, I had to clean the bones - they were amazing, the corn bread AMAZING!! Lindsay was our server and she was fantastic. So incredibly good, anytime I am in Phoenix I will def go to Bobby Q's. I am not leaving for a few days and intend on eating there one more time before I leave. Yum!! We also got 10% off our bill for saying yelp!! It would be worth double the price of what we paid without discount!!!"
"So yummy! Totally worth the wait, but I would definitely recommend a reservation. We ""walked in"" three nights before we actually ate there, and each time the wait time for two people was 45+ minutes. But still, TOTALLY WORTH IT!!"
"Best Barbecue in AZ, quit reading this and go get some smokey ribs and steaks!!! Super smokey deliciousness, try the sangria (you're welcome) you also get homemade donuts for free to take home and enjoy later cause you have no room left in you're tummy from all the steak, baby back ribs, pulled pork and juicy chicken..."
BBQ brisket and baby back ribs were delish!  My favorite part of the meal was the skinny crispy fries.  Portions are big - be careful how much you order.  Will be back.
I did not like it. The music on a Saturday is lame and the bartenders are very rude. I wouldn't be going back anytime soon!
"Omgosh, The food here is amazing! I meet a couple of girlfriends here Friday, January 26, 2018. One had the BBQ pork and two of us ordered hamburgers. It was all so good. I have never seen plates come out the kitchen so perfect. The burger was the best hamburger I've ever had. It was so neat it did not fall apart. The flavor was wonderful, it was tender and the bun was homemade. Yum, yum.  
Sunday, January 28, 2018 I took my family out to Bobby Q's because it was so good on Friday, I wanted them to try it. We ordered the Whole Hog Haven with the Baby Back, St Louis Ribs and Prime Brisket it melted in your mouth. I have never had meat as tender as that before in my life. The sides we picked were Mac n' Cheese, Grilled Veggies and Mashed Potatoes, yum, yum."
"My wife took me and my parents here to eat on  father's day and the food was awesome as usual. The negative first...our. 5:30 reservation turned into a 6pm seat time...but what can you expect on a day like this. Positive...our waiter Justin was amazing. As busy as it was Justin was extremely attentive and very well  versed in the menu (and he is relatively new there). In addition, his conversational skills are such that it made for a relaxing and enjoyable evening. Thank you Justin!!!"
"An excellant choice for a family looking for great prices ,great staff, great manager ,great food ,great manager ,its a10 ,a 10, yes a10, the interior and patio dining are awsome,we loved it ,will be back!!!!"
"Was in the Phoenix area and had heard about this place and we decided to give it a try. We weren't disappointed. The service was extremely good, the BBQ was exceptionally good, and the food was reasonably priced. I wouldn't hesitate to try this place again."
"I've been a Yelp lurker for a long time... Taking advice from others without actually posting my own reviews of restaurants.

I decided to break my silence after I had lunch at Bobby Qs.  Visiting from out of town, we decided to get BBQ before heading to the airport.  Everything- from the food to the atmosphere to the service was delicious.

Although the pulled pork sandwich was delicious, the real star of the show was the Q-Rolls appetizer.  

Now... Would it be wrong to reschedule a flight in order to fit in one more meal at Bobby-Qs?!"
It's been about 3 years since I've been here.  I am pleased to say it was just like coming home.  The staff were all very friendly and welcoming and the food was delicious.
"I have not been here since it was Bobby McGees....a lot has changed.  With high reviews, my husband and I decided to give it a try.

First we got the ""Q"" rolls for an appetizer....AMAZINGLY delicious!!!  Then came little corn bread cakes from heaven!!  I ordered the 2 ribs plate and my husband got the 3 meat plate.  The food here is amazing!!  The meat is juicy and tender, BBQ sauce is delicious and the side dishes are to die for!  Must try the mac and cheese...its heavenly!  

I can not wait to go back."
"Haven't been to this place since the 70's when it was Bobby McGees never really thought about going to Bobby Qs decided to try it a couple of weeks ago l was very impressed the food was great and the prices were  resonable the manager Taylor was there at the door busy with employees and greeting customers, I was wearing a Navy t-shirt and he asked me if I was a veteran I told him I'm wearing it because my grandson is in the Navy he thanked me and told me to tell my grandson thank you for his service, after enjoying our dinner and receiving our bill I noticed that we were given a 20% military discount, that was a nice surprise and made me feel very proud of my Sailor it was a great evening great dinner. My wife and I went back for dinner again just a few days ago and again was met by Taylor and friendly employees Taylor again was very professional and made us feel very welcome and the waitress was awesome I don't remember her name but she was great. We will be making Bobby Qs a regular dinning spot."
"Truly enjoyed this place. Very reasonable priced for the amount of food. Had to sit in bar due to business but found a seat right away. Ordered appetizer and drinks. Q-rolls were delicious as well as spinach artichoke queso. There was a bit of a mix up when finally seated  (much faster than 45 minutes quoted). No one notified server so took a bit before got assistance. For our inconvenience they comped an appetizer. (We still had drinks and appy from bar so truly didn't feel too inconvenienced, but I consider that great customer service. 
Had the 3 meat combo brisket, baby back ribs and pulled pork. All were excellent but the brisket was a standout. Mac and cheese was very creamy and delicious, baked beans above average. 
Will be back!"
"went to bbq's today and it was great, service was on point, atmosphere was great. our waitress was nice a very good, the only reason why I didn't give a 5 star is because the ribs was a little to salty to my taste, maybe is the dry rub but the ribs were very soft and tender. bbq jumbo potato was excellent.  I will go back again to try other items."
"Great place, fun environment, yummy bbq, delicious margaritas, and the best hot cider mill donuts!!  Phillip was an awesome server and made our visit the best!  We had the best time ever for our last nights stay in Arizona!  Thank you Bobby Q!!"
Not too many great BBQ places. This one is wonderful. Cornbread alone brings us back.
"We came here around 6PM on a Tuesday and heard that it was an hour wait. Luckily, we made reservations and did not have to wait at all! Very easy to make reservations over the phone for the same day. 

Service was really quick and attentive! I ordered the baby back ribs which included 2 sides. It was delicious! The sauce on the ribs really complimented the taste. Great first experience! Definitely recommend it."
"OK--so I eat out 6 nights a week. Life on the road. I have eaten in 1000's of places and yes, I could have my own food show on TV. I remember Bobby McGee's (or however it is spelled) and it was cute and fun. Nothing great... I read the reviews on Bobby Q's and so I had to try this joint. Well, you were right. This place is excellent. Sketchy area in PHX but excellent food. the Q Rolls were awesome and the BBQ sauce was a great topper, The Whole Hog Heaven platter is huge and plenty for 3 hearty eaters. The ribs (beef, St. Louis and Baby Back) were excellent, brisket tender and the chicken perfect! I don't mean to gush, but seriously... it was that good. So thats the food, now lets talk service.. Holy Guacamole... Whoever runs this joint, needs to become the main go to person for an entire industry! The service was freakin' awesome. Our waitress, Bailey, was absolutely phenomenal. She couldn't have been better and the place was packed! 2 managers came over to our table to check on us! not 1 but 2!! this place is BY FAR well worth the trip and the cost (which wasn't bad at all). Don't forget your donuts because you won't get to dessert!"
"A little splurgy, but so delicious!!  Ribs fall off the bone and the corn bread is so sweet and yummy!"
"Everything we had was great. 
I have had better brisket in Texas. But this place is as close as I have found in AZ
For AZ this is 5 star"
"Directions say address is N 27th Ave.  Don't believe it.  Regardless of which direction you are coming from, exit I-17 at 207, Dunlap Ave., and go south on the west frontage road.  When 27th splits off stay on the frontage road and the place is just ahead.  We had the whole hog, which is two half racks of ribs, two platters of meat, and three sides.  We fed three and still took a box home.  The baby back ribs were succulent and tasty, and the St. Louis ribs were almost as good, but the brisket was to die for.  Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but clearly the best in Arizona.  I will go back when I am in Phoenix."
"To be honest, I had never been to or even heard of Bobby Q's - and I have lived about 2 miles away for almost a year now. However, the boyfriend and his family are fans and we decided to go eat here this last weekend for the boyfriend's birthday. This night also happened to be the same night of the ""Phoenix Hurricane"" so we were happy to see the power was on, but boy were they busy!

Something I have always found helpful: ""Never eat at a restaurant that's not busy.""

We had to wait for almost an hour for a table for 6, but we knew that going in and just waited on the patio. I don't know if they are always that busy, but it seemed the waiting area could definitely have more chairs or space for that term of wait. And if the weather happens to not be so agreeable, like that night, they could use a bit more coverage so patrons aren't getting soaked. 

Anywho - onto the meat - literally. We were sat and started salivating over the menu - all sounded and looked good (I order via Yelp photos). We each ordered something different and there was a lot of sharing going on. One in our party was happy to hear they still offered the Crab Legs dinner, so take note if that's your fancy. We ordered the Rotisserie Chicken meal with (2) sides: mac and cheese and a loaded baked potato. Everything was delicious and satisfying and was plenty of food - I could have probably taken some home - and all for $13. In my opinion, this place has great prices. I expected, with the look and feel of this restaurant, to be a bit over-charged but I was pleasantly surprised. 

Boyfriend ordered the Brisket meal with (2) sides, and dang that meat was tasty! We loved how it came with sauce on it, unlike a lot of these places that are serving you sauceless, dry meat and you have to add it yourself. We also asked for extra and we loved how they brought us our own 'jugs' of regular and spicy (we used up all of the spicy) sauces for the table. 

I cannot remember our server's name, but she was awesome. The definition of what service should be in a busy, family style restaurant. We had a lot of requests for her and she was being asked for this and that left and right by almost every member of our table and she handled each one with patience and grace - I was impressed. And I am rarely impressed by servers lately. 

If it was pouring, and half of the city's power was out, and we had to wait on the patio for an hour for a table - I would still come here and eat again. I am actually looking forward to it. 

OMG those donutsssssssssssss. Make sure you get some. 


That 'nightclub' they have though..."
"My favorite BBQ joint; ever! Great food, service, atmosphere. And best of all the price is fair and they take reservations! Have been there 3 times in the last 3 weeks and it has been perfect every time."
"Wonderful atmosphere and excellent food. Our server, Paloma, was attentive, cheery and helpful with recommendations. Will definitely return!"
"Wow what a pleasant surprise this place was. The food was great, and the service was outstanding.
4 stars for the restaurant. I would go back again.


The bar in the back was a little weird of a set up, the rules were hilarious, I thought it was a joke at first, but no, it  made you wonder what kind of clientele they dealt with. The service was good. I didn't care for the vibe in bar though..left after one drink.  I wouldn't go back."
Love this place! The restaurant bar is welcoming and a great spot to escape the fast pace of life. Try the happy hour menu... the brisket quesadillas are addicting.
"Went here for a MeetUp and was very impressed.  Service was good considering the sheer size of our group, food was excellent (I had pulled pork and it was delish!), and the little baggie of donuts was a fantastic end to the meal.  Would highly recommend!"
"First time here at Bobby Q and it was pretty decent.  Like the other reviews that loved the mac and cheese, so did my daughter.  The meat portions could have been a bit larger, but the brisket and sausage tasted fine.  Our waitress was great and very helpful as it was our first trip.  First of many, to be sure."
"We chose Bobby Q to cater our very small, in-home wedding last year.  We had a variety of meats and veggies - and the baked beans, of course - and very very few leftovers!
Every one loved the food - the catering was amazing and we have absolutely no complaints about the service.
The hardest part was settling on a just a few items for the celebration!

Thanks, Bobby Q!"
"Let me just say that I have been a Yelp lurker for a long time and it was of Bobby Q's food that made me want to finally create an account and leave a review.

I went in last Friday for lunch and the place looked great inside. Very classy interior and our server Jo was incredibly nice and provided us with great service (always refilling our drinks and asking if we needed anything).

I ordered the 12oz sirloin steak which was delicious, as were the mashed potatoes that I got on the side.  My friend ordered a full rack of ribs (half St Louis, half baby back) and I tried some of it....and I have to say it was incredible. The meat was nice and soft and just melted in your mouth.

I really can't think of any negatives about this place, especially when they brought 4 complimentary mini donuts to us on our way out.

I will definitely be going here again and is well worth the money that you will spend there."
"After 1100+ reviews this is merely me plugging and showing appreciation for this amazing BBQ restaurant.
I went in knowing exactly what I wanted and knowing that Friday will be very busy with a long wait.  I made a reservation on OpenTable which helped.
My suggestion is to stick to the ribs - or brisket if that's your BBQ of choice - but I highly recommend the full rack of ribs.  I'm sure the steaks and burgers are good, but if you want a steak you go to Dominick's; if you want a burger you go to In N Out; if you want ribs you go to this place.
They huge and tasty and come with 2 sides and they'll give you as much sauce as you want. 
Will we be back? Of course."
If you live in Phoenix you need to eat this BBQ! I had the pulled pork and loved it I did need more sauce but I like a tone of sauce.
"I have a rule of going twice to any restaurant, today was the second time I went and boy was it an abysmal experience. The first time was amazing. The ribs were great and the service was alright. I left feeling positive that I found a new favorite restaurant. Today was the polar opposite. I ordered the steak sandwich and it was horrendous. I don't know what it was about the flavor but it started to make me really really sick. So much so that I had to get up and go to the restroom because I felt that I was going to vomit. Thankfully I didn't, I stopped eating the steak, which if you take out the flavor issues, it was cooked properly, and the texture was spot on. 

Another thing which I found quite unprofessional was that the plate wasn't wiped.  It's not a huge deal but if you are a good restaurant you should show that when a costumer first sees the food. I got a mess of meat splatter and grease. I know it sounds trivial but the little things count. We eat with our eyes first, and it can totally change our experience from positive or negative. 

Am I going to go back? Maybe, $18 for a piece of steak, garlic bread, and mushrooms is a steep price to pay for something that makes me sick."
This place has some of the best BBQ I have ever eaten! I had the baby back ribs! I can't wait to come back here next time I'm in town.
"phils san diego vs bobby q? i still choose phils always & 5eva.

BUT bobby q did have delicious corn bread and MINI DONUTS!!! Food was great, service was great. Can't complain :)"
"This was my third time here and though my previous experience(review) was horrible, my wife and I decided we would give Bobby Q's another try. We came for a late lunch/early dinner on Saturday(07/30) and were immediately sat. Our waitress, Bailyee, was enjoyable and tentative! This was a HUGE difference from our previous visit and waiter. We both ordered adult beverages and both were great. We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, awesome choice! My wife ordered the salmon which is a good size portion and she really enjoyed the flavors! I stuck with my favorite pulled pork, one of the best I've had. The food is great and Bailyee, our server is awesome!

Chef Mark, your staff redeemed themselves this time around. Please let Bailyee know we truly enjoyed her and wish she could be our server each and every time! We appreciate her stating to us we treated her very nicely and she decided to give us extra donuts as a token of appreciation. We will be back for sure!"
"Bobby-Q is a pretty good place for...you guessed it, BBQ.  The brisket's pretty good and tender.  The portion sizes are large so you won't go home hungry.  The place is quite big so there's plenty of seating including outdoors for those balmy summer nights.  And if you get bored, you can go check out the club/lounge in back of the restaurant.

Kind of gimmicky but not a bad place."
"First time here for me and what took me so long to try it?? Food was excellent, service was quick and friendly. Jack, our waiter, was  The Best Server I have ever experienced. My teenaged son even questioned why he was being so nice. I guess when you are used to mediocre to poor service you are surprised when the service is exceptional. We will be back!!!!"
"Ate there for lunch. Wow, was it good.

I took two friends there and they were just telling me bad experiences with burgers that they had. (They are very particular with their burgers.) They both agreed that the burgers they ordered and ate were the juiciest burgers they ever ate. From my perspective, they looked really delicious.

But I had the full rack of baby back ribs. Oh man. We were just wondering why their burgers came with knives, but my ribs didn't. Then I just pulled one off. Or should I say I kept it from falling off. Oh, that's why. Yeah, that tender. So good.

Loved the corn bread and the mini doughnuts they gave us for complimentary dessert.

Yep, Yelp came through again and brought me to a five star restaurant. Gotta love this."
Great place. Great food. We commute to Phoenix from various spots around the country. But the highlight besides the food is the staff and especially the bartender Chelsea and server Alexis B. Alex's has a an infectious laugh that will get everyone laughing.
"Hungry for BBQ?  Run, don't walk, to this place!  In from out of town and gave it a shot based on YELP.  Place was a huge hit with the entire family.

Great food...some of the best BBQ we've ever had.  Brisket rolls (Q rolls) as appetizer were fantastic.  We got the family deal for $28 on a Sunday and we had plenty of leftovers.  Cinnamon Sugar donuts (free) for desserts were a hit.  

Service was fast and friendly.  We were seated quickly and all of our food and drinks ordered came to the table fast.  Decor is perfect - rustic but a little  upscale.

Highly recommend doing reservations off their website before going - there was a big wait by the time we walked out on a Sunday.

If we could give 6 stars we would - best restaurant experience we've had in years!!!"
"New to the area and found this place always looks busy when driving by on the freeway so looked it up on yelp and saw it was worthy for a try.  Well....in a word...""underwhelmed"".  Should probably be one star.  It was extremely busy for a Sunday evening which I guess is a good sign and they seated me right away (party of one) so thumbs up there.  I ordered the wedge salad to start and what I got was a very cheap iceberg lettuce head with a sliced tomato and some cold greasy onion straws on the side.  See what I mean?  The menu made it sound like it was a specialty of the house!  Their ""homemade blue cheese dressing"" was more mayo than anything...couldn't taste any blue cheese in there.  Seriously, worse than a chain restaurant and a few dollars more expensive too.  The St. Louis ribs were an item that is particularly reviewed on yelp so I went for those with a baked potato and macaroni and cheese.  Taste was good, not spectacular but the real problem was the temperature...pretty close to room temp.  I knew I had been had by all the advertising for this place...more hype than substance.  The waitress asked how everything was and I started to say it was just ok and elaborate the problems but she quickly whisked away to another table.  I could tell she was working to the max so I let it slide.  Overall, a thumbs down.  There are a few other BBQ places in Phoenix so I'll look there next."
Great place if your looking for some good ol' comfort food. The ambience is fun. The cornbread is really good. Good enough for the wife to forget about her so called diet. If your debating on coming here stop it just get your butt in here! I always try different items on the menu and so far I haven't been disappointed
"Going to a place with such accolades often leaves you wanting more and wondering where they get such high ratings. Bobby Q's, on the other hand, I feel has earned its reputation. Q rolls are a must, the 3 meat plate is plenty to share and at a very reasonable price, and all of the selections are amazing; from brisket to the chicken to the sausage. Sides are delicious and the freshly made doughnuts top it all off. Add to that the roomy dining room and large patio, it's a place we take all our guest and visitors to the valley. Only odd thing is that it's a night club on weekend evenings and can get a little crowded if you come later on those days."
"Finding good barbecue is a challenge.  With barbecue, people's favorite styles are so different and standards are exacting.  Yelp put me onto Bobby Q.  Impressive ratings.  Rare does any restaurant have the ratings that Bobby Q does.

It was a Friday night during spring training.  We tried making a reservation that day, but they were already fully booked.  The parking lot was overflowing (at night you can use the lot next door at the small ""college"") when I arrived.  Loved the smell of smoke as I walked in.  The hostess said 50 minutes.  I don't think it was much more than 30.

Three of us started with Bobby's Amber Ale.  For those looking for heavy hops (IPA lovers) or deep flavor (stout or porter people), it would be lacking, but I liked it.  We also got the appetizer of little taquitos, Q Rolls, filled with barbecue beef.  Those came with two good sauces.  Very good.

For the meal, I choose two meats: pulled pork and brisket.  Both were tender, well seasoned, smoky, a little sauced (and I wasn't compelled to add a lot more), and moist.  Others in the group got: a pulled pork sandwich, ribs, and a salad with chicken.  Everyone thought the barbecue was excellent, echoing my comments of seasoning, smoke, and moistness.  Everyone loved the sauce.

Side: I got the Mac N Cheese and corn.  The corn was excellent with some taste of grilling and well seasoned.  The mac N cheese was good.  Mac N cheese almost always disappoints, and this was better than most, though I didn't love it.  Many in the group went for the grilled vegetables which were excellent.

An excellent meal.  I can imagine a few being disappointed with the crowds, the wait, or the style of barbecue if it's not their favorite.  I've been to a lot of barbecue places that were not nearly as good.  I haven't gone to any significantly better (except my backyard on 4th of July).  So I'm going to say 5 stars, and I look forward to returning to try the spareribs.

Why 5 stars?  Why not 4?  This is a barbecue place.  I'm not going to rate it on the same scale a high end fine dining restaurant.  For what it is, a steak and barbecue joint, it does it as well as any place I've been to.  I wish it wasn't as crowded, but it's popular.  If you crave smoke, you should find great satisfaction here.  The sides and appetizer were 4+.  But the star of the show, the smoked meat, was excellent.  That's what I came for, and that's what they get the 5 stars for."
"Was in Phoenix for a few days this week, and this place was right down the street from my hotel. Outstanding service by Chelsea at the bar. Very friendly, excellent bartender and had a great rapport with all of her customers, whether they were a regular or someone new. Next time I'm in town, this is my first stop. Food was excellent."
"Miracles do happen! I'm blown away by the kindness of strangers from this restaurant! My dear friend (71 yr old) Millie lives in Phoenix (AZ) and is home bound ---her bday is tomorrow 9/21. She has been craving BQ from this restaurant all summer long! I called this restaurant (from Ashland, OR) and begged if they could please deliver food to Millie. This restaurnt only delivers for large catering job.  Not only did this place deliver her food----they gave her BQ ribs, brisket, baked potato (all the fixings), baked beans, their famous mac & cheese, cinnamon donuts, banana cream pie with a pink candle ---FOR FREE!  I also happen to mention that Millie did not even have milk in her house --- so they delivered her big cups of milk.  The delivery person's name was Jason (coincidence---just like her adoring son) and he so kindly made her a plate of food and put the rest of the food in her refrig. He even texted me a  picture so I could see my dear dear friend, Millie. I am touched by the kindness of strangers----KUDOS and heart blessings to The Managers - Joe, Rennie, Jason, the amazing chefs, and the owners of BobbyQ's Restaurant in Phoenix----THANK YOU ALL ---- !  This is truly a random act of kindness!  

Please---If you are ever are in Phoenix - try this place ---- tell them Millie sent you!  Eat savory BQ in honor of a woman that can no longer walk. 

 http://www.bobbyq.net

THANK U---I can't stop crying---you made her birthday so special !!!!  

KINDNESS TRULY DOES MATTER!!!!  I am so so touched!  Bless all you who made ths amazing food====and Millie's day so special.  

I have posted this on Facebook and yelp. I am ever so grateful."
"Food here is fantastic!!!  While this restaurant is a little tricky to find and not in the best of neighborhoods it is well worth the effort. My family and I had the three meat combo with sausage, baby back ribs,pulled pork, Mac n cheese,and pecan coleslaw.  Portions were big and enough for the 3 of us.  Corn bread and the great donut holes at the end really topped of the meal.  Love the atmosphere, decor and the service was great.   I highly recommend and will be back."
"I was amaze of of high rating but was a bit disappointed. 

Ambience:  for a bbq place.  The interior has a fine dining steak house feeling to it with a southwestern dining on the outside seating area.  A good family friendly restaurant.

Service: Definitely has a welcome feeling to it. Waiter was good, but the manager was better and more considerate.  Our food came out on a timely manner ...but when we ask for bbq sauces, it took a while.  However, the Sauces was worth waiting for....

Food: Complimentary cornbread was great! It was soft, moist, and had a cake texture. It would have been better if was hot instead of room temperature.  We order the artichoke appetizer... The bread stick was perfectly toasted with garlic herb butter, but the dip itself was too heavy cheesy.  As for the bbq... I wished it was hot.  It was lukewarm, but not hot enough to bring out the full bbq experience.  The meat was smoke very well that left no greasy fatty taste, but the sauces is the best part.  All the meats was overly cooked so it did not stay intact very well. In the end, everything tasted like pull pork.

Overall, because of the temperature of the food and the overcooked meats, I rated it as 3 stars."
My husband and I ate lunch here last week and loved it!  The atmosphere is cool and the food was delicious.  Some of the best BBQ we have had.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and macaroni and cheese.  He had the ribs.  Both were awesome.  Service was great.  We would highly recommend it! Can't wait to go back!
"The absolutely best food ever, they acutally adjusted my bill for a YELP discount that I got while I was waiting for my food. My Reisling was rather expensive for St. Michelles, $12.00 the only way I was OK with it was the 10% coupon discount. St. Michelles usually runs 6.00 - 8.00 I have never paid 12.00 for this wine. That was the only disappointing part of the evening."
"This is now our ""go-to"" place for company lunches. The food is amazing, I highly recommend the beef brisket and if you love vegies get a double order of the gilled vegies. 

I seem to spend a lot less at Bobby Qs compare to Famous Daves and the atmosphere is far better at Bobby Qs.

Better service, better food in a nicer restaurant for less."
"Overall had a great experience here. It was super packed but once we were seated I could see why. The ambience was warm and welcoming, the service impeccable, and the food absolutely delicious. I ordered the prime beef brisket platter with Mac and cheese and coleslaw and everything was portioned out perfectly for me. Thier alcoholic beverages were fun and creative and full of flavors. The cornbread was perfect and the complimentary sugar donuts were a great ending to our meal. As I'm sure others have said so far, I would highly recommend trying this place out"
"Yet another great dinner at Bobby Q's. We have two favorites to take out of town guests to eat and this is definitely one of them. The brisket is lean, tender and tasty. The roasted corn, excellent. The Q Rolls...yep! Had the fish for the first time and it was above average, so I might stay to the beef and cow. After all, this is a barbecue joint. Also, I won't give away the after dinner treat, but those are AMAZING!!!"
"My boyfriend & I were first timers, from the moment we walked in, everyone was so nice and welcoming. Our server(don't remember his name) gave us a little breakdown of the restaurants background and made some awesome suggestions for us. I have a Duck Duck Goose, strong yet sooo good! We ordered a Caesar salad with grilled chicken to start, that was delicious! And that was just the beginning of heaven! Def such a great experience all around. Such great customer service and delicious food! Will be going back soon!"
"Rated as one of top 30 barbecue restaurants in the US. Came here at 4:30pm on Saturday but almost full tables. Old style machine for donuts at the entrance with hot donuts boiling and it's free. Ordered onion block, while baby back ribs and 5 jumbo shrimps. The ribs are super tender and juicy, really yummy. Enjoyed the dinner. Too full so have to walk before going back."
"This place was really great. We were seated almost immediately by a friendly hostess and then greeted by our waitress (Jordan). The food came out in under 10 minutes of us placing our orders and had a nice presentation to it. The beef ribs were flavorful, tender, and packed with meat. I feel like this is where most BBQ joints generally fail, but the side dishes complemented the main entrees well.  To wrap up the meal we ordered the bread pudding. Perfect combination of sweet and savory. Not a fan of the raisins, but I'll live to fight (eat) another day. I would definitely recommend this place."
For the size of the portions the food is overpriced.  The food tasted ok but it's nothing to write home about.  Texas Roadhouse and even Famous Daves blows them away.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant.
"Amazing brisket and fantastic pulled pork. Wife loved the ribs as well. You have to get the mac and cheese for the sides......best ever! Even though you will be full, enjoy the freshly made doughnut holes immediately, so good. With water/soda, we usually spend $25-35."
"My favorite place. I have never had a bad experience. The Burgers are perfection. That's what I am having today. 

We sat outside and they warned us that there is a problem with flies in the morning but we set out here anyway. It is true but hey it's outside and the weather is great!

And they were so accommodating when we asked to move. It's just on the morning and not a big deal."
"This place waaay exceeded my expectations. I will admit, I went in not expecting such a great experience. The food, the service, everything was really first rate. For sure we will be back there. I just wish that it was closer. BTW even though it is closer, we will definitely not be back at their Mesa location. The 2 experiences had absolutely nothing in common."
"I love Bobby Q!  My family and I went here for dinner with my cousin and even though we were still full from our lunch, the food here still tasted great.  So great that we finished everything despite our very very full stomachs.  We had the ribs, mac and cheese, their eggroll appetizer thing, and tri tip.  Everything was really good.  And they give you complimentary fresh and warm donut holes!"
My director introduced me to this place! Everything is delicious especially the cornbread!
Amazing BBQ. Brisket is melt-in-your-mouth. Service is great too. Thanks Serena for taking care or us!
"This place is definetly a diamond in the rough. It is absolutely fabulous! The first impression is a great one and the last impression is just as great. I have yet to eat anything bad at this place. Everything is made to perfection each time. I love the brisket, pulled pork, and smokehouse burger. Also, you can't forget the potato salad and mac and cheese! Took my parents here while they were visiting and they absolutely loved it!"
"We were her Apr 16, 2016 with a business group of eight.  Service was excellent.  Brisket was fork tender. The O-Rolls (?) appetizer was awesome.  The next time I drive to PHX, I'll return for take out."
"5 stars well deserved! Food was excellent. Our server Cameron was very attentive and explain to us the menu since it was our first time here. He recommend the 3 meat combo and everything was delicious! Mashed potatoes are very good and the ribs are the best! If you are a bread lover like me, you will loooveee their corn bread. It was so good I had to ask some more to take home! 
If you are in Phoenix you can't miss it. Go hungry because portions are generous."
"First time visiting on a Sunday evening and this place is packed! We ordered the Hog Heaven family meal offered on Sunday only. Austin was our awesome, and kind server.  He told us a brief history of this place. We enjoyed our dinner here. Will return for sure!"
"Beyond impressed! We've wanted to try Bobby Q's for years, ever since we saw it reviewed and featured on Check, Please! Arizona (local PBS station show where Arizonians share and review each other's favorite restaurants). We were in Glendale For Glendale Glitters, and as I always do, I searched Yelp for restaurant options nearby with a lot of reviews, and high reviews. Bobby Q's was just 5 miles away in Phoenix, so the stars finally aligned! 

The restaurant was busy, as expected on a Saturday night, so we opted to try the outdoor seating in lieu of the 20-minute wait for an indoor table. The hostess assured us that it should be comfortable when she saw our hesitation, that there were plenty of heaters to keep us warm (hey, 45 degrees in AZ is cold!), and it was perfect. 

Victoria, our server, was welcoming and helpful, my mom, husband and I ordered our drinks and meals, the sangria was good, as was the corn bread. We ordered the Q Rolls, and it took longer than expected to recieve them; however, they were delivered with an apology for the tardiness, an explanation that our ticket went missing (they were crazy busy), and we were told they were on the house for the delay. We all looked at each other and said wow, great service! By the way, I will dream about those Q rolls, wrapped in crispy spring roll-like shells was the best, and most tender, beef brisket I've ever tasted -- the juices ran down my hand while eating. 

We found ourselves ordering drink refills, and people watching while we fell into a conversation lull, before we realized it'd been a while since we had finished our appetizer. The food was delayed due to previous ticket issue, but was so incredibly good. My mom and I each ordered the stuffed potatoes with pork, mine with veggies on the side, which I was impressed were cooked kabob style on a grill (too many restaurants treat vegetable sides as a boring after thought), we also ordered a side of sauted mushroom and onions that I nearly wanted to swim in because they were so flavorful! The ribs my husband ordered were tender, and their spicy barbecue sauce was a great pairing. He said the Mac and cheese was ""so good,"" as was the roasted corn he ordered, and the pecan coleslaw my mom ordered. Our eyes all lit up with the first bite, and I said, ""we're definitely finding reasons to come back here"" (we live an hour away). 

Donny, the manager stopped by and apologized for the delay, and offered to buy us desert. We are so impressed by the level of customer service we just received! Not enough businesses take care of their customers like this anymore. The food was so good that we would have gone back regardless, but the positive, and proactive, customer service we received drive me to write this review, and want to tell my friends and family about this place. 

I've tried and cooked a lot of barbecue, we have a Texas sized semi-professional smoker at home, my family is Southern, and I grew up on North Carolina barbecue, this is THE FIRST time I've ever eaten barbecue outside of NC (most certainly in AZ) that I can rave about, and that I will make a point to seek out again. 

My only disappointment was the Q-Lina sauce -- I understand barbecue is regional, and as personal and touchy as religion and politics to some, but the traditional NC barbecue I grew up with didn't involve tomato/ketchup/sugar based sauces. This is in no way a deal breaker, as I loved their traditional and spicy barbecue sauces for the sweet tomato concoctions they were, and will stick to those in future visits. 

Thanks to Donny and Victoria for taking care of us as first timers, so glad we have left overs to look forward to, and can't wait to return!"
We came here for lunch with a group of 7. The staff was welcoming and service was great. Everyone was happy with their orders. I had the rotisserie chicken with Mac and cheese and the shoe string potatoes. Yum. Everyone else's entrees looked just as good. The food was fantastic and overall great experience. Will be back again.
"Came here for the first time. Food is outstanding and so is service. A new bartender named Daniel, knew his stuff. All the bartenders were great!"
"This was an amazing BBQ place. Coming from a native Memphis boy with a Texan for a father... This place ain't have bad!!

Ashlynn KILLED IT and gave us the best service we have had at any place in recent memory."
"I just had the best BBQ here at Bobby Q's! I sampled the brisket, pork and pulled chicken. All were incredibly juicy and delicious. The BBQ sauce was great, and not too sweet. The cornbread was excellent. Service was super friendly and super quick. Sadly, I am only in the area for travel and can't make this a new regular spot!"
"Baby back and St Louis sale ribs are awesome. Love the coleslaws and baked potatoes.  Will sure be back next time we are in town!!!

Corn bread is also very very good!!!"
I liked everything but the rude hostess. Curt over the phone and couldn't care less about my question.
"Had never been here before. The women sitting next to us told us we had to try the Q rolls which we did. Almost a ""brisket in a blanket""  type appetizer. I like them best dipped in the chipotle sauce they came with, my husband liked them dipped in the barbecue sauce which was a little sweet for my taste.  I had a brisket sandwich with a baked potato and my husband had the salmon dinner with fries and mac & cheese. (yes, I made fun of him for getting salmon at a barbecue place-- but he said it was delicious!). Very large portions--- be prepared for a food coma afterwords!  The brisket was very good! The server was wonderful, and very knowledgeable about the menu. A nice touch was fresh made cinnamon donuts that were given to you at the end of the meal."
"I'm not generally a brisket fan, but I always go with the server recommendation. So glad I did!"
Fantastic service. They do a very good lunch. It's about average price range. Having experienced BBQ all over the country it compares probably closest Texas style.
"Love love love this place!! We had the whole hog platter. 2 meats, 2 kinds of ribs and 3 sides. We shared it between 2 adults and an 11 year old and still couldn't finish! It wasn't for lack of trying though! The hits start with the corn bread and roll on from there! The sides were just ok, I'd love to see fried okra, but let's face you come here for the meat!! We had baby back ribs, beef ribs, brisket and pork. The baby backs were TO DIE FOR! Falling off the bone with just enough yummy crunchy bark. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite! I highly recommend you take home a jug of sauce to impress your friends at your next back yard gig. Did I mention the tiny hot fresh donuts they bring with the check?! Yumm! Our server Lexi was super knowledgeable and the service was much faster than anticipated on a busy Friday night."
"I literally don't know what to say. It's amazing clean BBQ food. Great staff and service. The right place to go if you are craving BBQ food. Get the big Hog thing and a bunch of sides, get the deserts. It's all good"
"This is my fav place for ribs. The Mac n cheese is awesome (the closest I have found to my own and I am a southern cook) lol. 

Sometimes it is a bit of a wait as others know about the great food. Service is super friendly and management is hands on, in a good way.  I would highly recommend Bobbi Q's. 
We WILL be back.......often."
"The Q rolls were absolutely delicious. I am going to make that at home. You cannot go wrong with perfectly smoked brisket wrapped in a tortilla and deep fried to a crisp! The beef brisket was perfectly smoked and moist. 
It is certainly worth visiting while in Phoenix."
"I came here with my wife and daughter for Mother's day. I gave my wife the choice of where to go and since she'd seen the interesting looking building countless times and BBQ sounded good, she chose Bobby Q's.

Upon our arrival without a reservation, we were greeted well by the hostess. I was told the wait was 30 minutes if we wanted to sit inside, or immediate if we were ok on the patio. I found this to be very reasonable considering we didn't have reservations. The weather was good, so we chose the patio.

We chose their Q Rolls - brisket wrapped in some kind of pastry or roll. Either way it was delicious. The corn bread is amazing!

Unfortunately the table we sat at only had one set of silverware and a single plate. More plates and silverware were not made available until we asked for them a second time right and right as our main courses were being brought out to us.

The menu was full of delicious sounding entrees. The best option to my wife and I seemed to be the Whole Hog. We chose brisket, sausage, St. Louis Ribs, and Beef Ribs. All were good with the exception of the sausage. Next time we will opt for the chicken or pork. 

The quantity of food was generous. I had leftovers for lunch the next day and it was quite good reheated as well. 

About midway through our meal the waitress kept coming by an offering us to-go boxes for our leftovers. It was clear we were still eating and this repeated many times. The feeling of ""get the hell out of here"" was a bit unwelcome. Refills on drinks were also slow to come and required stopping the waitress as she attended other tables. 

I wish the service had been better, but the food was good."
"I am absolutely amazed with this place. 
We decided to book these guys as our wedding caterer. The only time I have ever been here is for a quick food tasting and other than that was not expecting to be back or try the food again until the wedding. 
My parents decided to treat my fianc and I to a dinner here and I can't even begin to explain how amazing everything was. 
Not just the food, but the service as well. 
Our server, Joey, went above and beyond and was exceptional. 
There was an error with our food in the system so they were running behind and the manager, Jack came over to us personally to apologize and told us he was giving us 50% off our bill for the inconvenience. The service continued to be amazing even after that and they even brought us out a free plate of Q rolls for the inconvenience to keep our stomachs full until the food came. 
Needless to say, I am THRILLED we chose this place to cater our wedding and I have no doubt it will be anything less than perfect. 
As for the food.... well I'll let the pictures speak for themselves. 
Speechless. 
Thank you Joey, Jack and Bobby Q for an amazing experience. 
You guys rock"
"""Very, Very, Very, Very Good!"" my wife's cousin's daughter(what' her official title anyway?) said after her dinner and that sums up this place. 

Great decor. Fast and friendly service. And most importantly good food. Go on Sunday's and they have special called Hog's Heaven at a discounted prices ($28). It comes with 1/2 pound each of the following: Chicken, Brisket, St Louis Ribs, Baby Back Ribs and two sides. More than enough food to feed 4 adults and 4 children. 

The brisket was my favorite. It was melt in your mouth good. I would have preferred if they did not douse it with BBQ sauce as I like it on the side. It was still good. Ribs were off the bone delicious. These were my kids favorite. The chicken was moist. For the two sides we ordered shoe string fries, they were OK, nice and crispy and the grilled veggies. 

When you leave they give you complimentary donuts, which are freshly fried in the front. They have a cool looking mini fryer. They were yummy according to my kids. I did not partake in those as I was stuffed. 

I will be going back to this place again fo-sure. 

BTW there is a bar with a dance floor on the other side of the restaurant for those of you who are interested. Look they were just getting ready for the night crowd when we were leaving."
Had dinner here last night! Our servers name was Caleb! What a amazing young man I couldn't believe how knowledgeable and how professional he was. The service was outstanding and the dinner followed that as well kudos to Caleb
"My husband has been asking to eat at Bobby Q since we moved into our house in the north valley about 8 months ago.  We finally got around to it on his birthday last week.  On first entering, I felt like I was in a BBQ joint in Austin, TX.  The atmosphere was so Texan and down-home I might as well have been in Austin.  I ordered the special drink of the day, an adult Arnold Palmer.  One word:  AMAZING.  The lemonade they used really put it over the top.  So fresh and tart!  Everyone at our table was pleased with the abundance of meat and side items they received.  The icing on the cake was definitely the freshly fried mini cinnamon and sugar donuts they give you before you leave.  It's little touches like that that will beckon us to eat here again and again."
"I saw a review of Bobby Q comparing it favorably to Dinosaur. Since I had been to a Dinosaur BBQ in Rochester, NY a few weeks previously I decided to give it a try.
I got seated in the bar quickly, was soon greeted by a friendly server who answered several questions. I ordered a 2 meat/two side combo which arrived quickly. I asked for double vegetables and got more broccolini than I could possibly eat. It was done perfectly with a tasty garlic butter.
I had ordered the pulled pork and St. Louis ribs. While both were tasty they just weren't up to Dinosaur's which are the best ribs I have ever eaten.
The service was exceptional, the bbq was tasty, the prices are a rather high.
I would go back again."
We were here on Friday and back again today love this place our server Garrett was on point
Absolutely hog heaven. I need to be wheeled out of this place. Best BBQ I've ever had!
"Delicious!!!  I had a pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw. Not too much sauce but they give you some on the side of you want more. Spicy and regular. Fun decor and good music. We'll come back for sure and sit and the bar. Several good beers on tap. Tommy our server was great, he took really good care of us."
Busy busy place!  Even though it's a busy place wait has never been longer then ten minutes. Stuff is super friendly and attempt. Food is great comes in big portions. Really Love there corn biscuits. Definitely a must try!
Great food great service fast fresh my wife and I visited this location March 8th Potter was our waitress fast friendly food blew our minds we've been to lots of BBQ spots in Phoenix but this is the best we had q rolls for appetizers they were great and hot we got the hog heaven for main came out hot and on time corn bread kept coming so did the drinks corn bread was to die overall slap yo momma food will be returning on pay day lol
Delicious! Got a flight of the local brew and the beef brisket. Nice atmosphere.  Good service
"It's no surprise that this place is as popular as it is! The food, the service is just what you want! We found Bobby Qs on Yelp and decided that it would be a fun and yummy place for dinner. We had made reservations in advance so we were seating as soon as we checked in. I had the brisket, which is melt in your mouth soooo delicious. My cousin had the loaded potato which was definitely loaded to the max! And my other cousins shared a combination plate which had more than enough food to feed two! They even had some leftover to take home! My fiance had the steak sandwich, which was good, but wasn't our favorite. The steak was not as tender as we'd like it to be. But our server, Jason F, went out of his way to make sure that we loved our food and made the situation much better. Honestly, even if the food was bad (which it wasn't!) I would have come back just for the service alone! We can't wait to head back!"
"Awesome BBQ. The brisket is super tender and delicious. The sauces have unique flavors and really accent the meats. 

Our server was Travis and did a great job. Very knowledgeable and friendly!"
"This place has some great bbq.  We had a large party and they accommodated us on short notice.  The cornbread was spectacular, the bbq was great and the donuts were a nice touch."
Friendly welcoming atmosphere. Pulled pork was great. BBQ sauce was sweet but a little watery.
"Have been to this place 4 times now. Every time I am satisfied because of the generous portions and lets not forget the free, hot, and fresh donuts at the end of your meal! I love this place!"
"Recently moved to Phoenix so I wanted to try some local BBQ.  I decided to get take out from Bobby Q based solely on its reviews.  From the time I called to place my order to picking my food up, the staff was very friendly and welcoming!  They really seemed to care that my order was accurate and that I had everything I needed before leaving.  

The food was great!  I ordered a St. Louis rib rack with Mac n Cheese and Potato salad as sides.  They also gave me a couple pieces of corn bread with my order.  So not only was the food great, but the value for what you get is top notch as well.  I can't wait to come here again!

Verdict:  HIGHLY RECOMMEND - they do everything well.  If you're on the fence, try it.  You won't be sorry."
"They are just great, here! The food AND the service!!! I have NEVER been disappointed. Even if something has slipped a server's mind, they have immediately owned it and rectified the issue. I recently did a pretty big take out order for 10 and when I went to pick it up, the worker asked me to go over it with him while he boxed it all to make sure nothing got missed! My family has been going here for years...we treat our of town guests to it and, I imagine, we'll keep it up for years to come!"
"We used Bobby Q to cater my Mom's 100th Birthday celebration for over 50 people.   They did a fantastic job!  I have a lot of family from Texas and they know great BBQ.  Everyone raved about the food.  The brisket was tender, well smoked and absolutely delicious.  The smoked salmon and chicken were outstanding.   The sides of potato salad, cole slaw, beans, smoked sausage were all on point.   I had read the Yelp reviews but sometimes with catering you never know if it will be as good as freshly served at the restaurant.   This exceeded my expectations.   Next to our own family recipes this is by far the best bbq I have had from a restaurant.  I would not think of ordering from any other bbq restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Thank you Bobby Q!"
"We had to stop by to visit this highly Yelp ranked BBQ restaurant.  And we are happy we did.

Venue: (5/5) place is big and without a doubt has that southern country feel.  There is outside and inside seating.  We came in the winter so the outside was not an option.

Food (4/5) 
BBQ ribs and a side of Mac and cheese (5/5) - My friend is not big into food and is still talking about the amazing ribs and the creamy Mac & cheese!!!! Ask for the BBQ sauces if you want to smother more amazing calories on your meal (like me).  

Corn bread (5/5) the best I've ever eaten WOW

Warm donuts to bring home (3/5) not the best but free and warm

Service (5/5) warm and friendly"
"I've been to this bbq place twice now. Every visit has been an excellent experience. 

Place:  Both indoor and outdoor dining area are clean, well lit and kept cool. Menu was easy to read properly organized. Restrooms looked and smelled clean. 

Service: Received by staff with a smile. Leanne (our server) explained the menu and informed us that they smoke their meat low and slow. She always checked on our food and asked us if we needed anything else. We asked for a different sauce every time she visited our table and she provided us options every time. Manager visited our table to check on the sevice and food. I appreciate it when staff makes sure we are enjoying our visit. 

Food: Exceptional bbq!!! Prime brisket was juicy and tasty. Baby back ribs were very tender and falls off the bone but still has that chewy texture that releases more flavor. Sausage is sweet and garlicy. A perfect pair for something starchy like mashed potato or rice. Beef ribs are tender and the fat around it is full of smoky goodness. Corn bread is a sweet and salty goodness. Want a great appetizer, try the Q-rolls.

I'll be back. This will be my go to BBQ in AZ."
"Was in town for business and found this place on Yelp. Got there around 3pm and got seated right away. Got the following:

chicken tenders: very good. spicy bbq sauce was excellent
mac n cheese: excellent
mashed potatoes: pretty good

Prices were very reasonable and service was friendly and the food came out right away. Would absolutely return here."
"Steaks were decent, waiter was very knowledgeable. The cornbread, omg, second to none! However the sides, not great. The Mac and cheese was basically velveeta, the baked potatoes were super dry and did have anything special about them except they were huge, and the ranch baked beans. Don't let the staff fool you into how special they sound. Had what hey call Q Tips, brisket or pulled pork wrapped in tortilla and deep fried, with a chipotle ranch or bbq sauce, those were special. I'd eat nothing but those and corn bread if I ever come back. 
PS:  water is absolutely disgusting but I'm finding that's everywhere in Vegas."
"Food: 5/5 (I'm 100% satisfied)

Service: 5/5 (Staff super friendly)

Parking: 5/5 ( A lot of space available)

Atmosphere: 5/5 (Nice and cool)

Even water tastes different here. This is my first time to come and eat at this restaurant. And now I understand why this business spot got so many excellent and high reviews on Yelp. 

Going to a restaurant does not simply means putting your butt on the chairs and eating what ever they give you. It also means enjoying your meal and satisfying your taste. 

Bobby Q just has everything it need to be the best Phoenix steakhouse. The price is not too bad if I compare to what I enjoy when eating here. My friend and I ordered the Two Rib Combo which includes two sides. We want to share, so the staff put on two different plates for us. We finish our lunch with ice cream. We decided to pick Death by chocolate, but the guy recommend me to pick Miss Mcgee's Mud Pie. That was delicious.

We came there pretty early, only three tables have people. But when we left, they were all full. Such a popular and crowded business.

My dad is a steak lover, so next time I will bring my family here. I know he will love it."
"Yooooo BBQ ribs is one of my fav foods. I've been to many places from Lucile's, Gus's BBQ, Bludsos, and to Phils BBQ. I have to say of all the BBQ joints this is the best one I've been to. 
I would highly recommend the BBQ platters from a two rib combo or three meat combo of your party is 2-3 ppl. My dad went to town on the meats and I cleaned house on the ribs. I normally prefer baby back (usually my favorite) but the St. Lois ribs were especially good here. I heard really good things about the Q rolls but unfortunately wasn't able to try it. If I'm ever in the area in AZ again, I will def make sure to come through again to try the Q rolls along and enjoy the most amazing ribs I've ever had!"
"We read the reviews and were expecting a very good to excellent BBQ experience. Unfortunately, we had a mediocre to average dinner.  We tried ""the whole hog"" and expected generous portions of ribs, chicken, and sausage for the price.  We received lunch portions--at best.  The ribs were very dry albeit they fell off the bone.  The chicken was average and the sausage on the tasteless side.  The BBQ sauce was typical and really too sweet for this type of fare.  The corn was greasy, the fries were average string fries, and the mac and cheese was good (according to my wife since I think typical mac and cheese is too bland). We passed on dessert but we were given a gift of two small doughnuts that left a serious grease stain in the bag.  I thought the doughnuts were a weird accompaniment to this BBQ dinner.  I must commend the service as prompt, courteous, and very friendly--bravo.  Overall, the experience was so lackluster that we would be unlikely to return.  I did note that the bar and lounge scene was very active while the dining room had plenty of empty tables at 6 on a Friday.  Perhaps one should consider this more a bar and lounge and secondarily as a BBQ Emporium.  Something to thin about.  If you are looking for serious BBQ--look somewhere else."
"Amazing BBQ and great sides. Brisket and Pulled Pork are amazing! Pulled chicken and ribs are good too! Mac and cheese is phenomenal! Shoestring fries are a plus. Food comes out super fast! Q-rolls are a must as an appetizer. Sangria is great as a drink, but is a little pricey. They give you donuts at the end, which are pretty delicious! They have great desserts. Would suggest reservations during the busy times! Service is always fantastic. We had them cater for our rehearsal dinner and they did an amazing job. One of the best BBQ joints in the valley!"
"Three couples had dinner on Sat. night.  The restaurant was extremely busy and very noisy.  The service was good and the waiter very pleasant.  I know it's rated #1 for barbque, but we've had better elsewhere."
"Great BBQ food...have to try the Brisket it's soo tender, melts in your mouth. Great decor, chill ambience. Our bartender Chelsea was very nice and attentive."
Amazing food. Great service. Sunday family special is such a huge value! Don't miss that Mac n cheese or the adult strawberry lemonade. Go here!
"Every part of our meal was DELICIOUS. The brisket and the Cajun shrimp were to die for! Some of the best barbeque I've had! Also, the service was incredible. Sharp, friendly, attentive and kind despite a large party!"
One of my favorite resturants in Phoenix. Their baby back ribs are incredible way better than any ribs I've had in Texas
I really like this place now I know it's one of the top 100 restaurants on Yelp brisket and pulled pork are really good the q rolls are a must if you come here.
Brody was the best server I have had in years. Very attentive to the needs of all the guests during dinner service.  He provided drink refills without disturbing conversations. Food was generously proportioned and very appealing.  Tasted great too. A definite go to for lunch or dinner.
"The was by far the best ""lucky find"" I've ever ran across. We were in Phoenix  for a couple nights and happened to be in a hotel just down the street.  When we drove past on Friday night and saw the crowd we decided on this place for our Saturday night dinner out.  WOW!!!!  Amazing staff who always had smiles.  Our waiter  Jason was awesome.  Honest and helpful when we told him our preferences. Always attentive and just a downright a pleasure.  I only wish I lived closer so I could explore more of the menu.  Prime rib and rib eye steak were excellent and cooked to order perfectly, sides were fabulous, desert was superb.  The Bobby-Q roll appetizers  are amazing!  Even the lemonade is made fresh from real lemons. This place is a must if you're in Phoenix!"
"This was one of our favorite eating experiences ever! The food, atmosphere, service and special attention from the manager was incredible. There aren't enough stars for this place."
Really good bbq! Generous portions and decent prices. Outdoor seating has a nice ambiance. My favorite meats were the baby back ribs and brisket. Seems to be a very popular place as it can get very crowded at times so make sure to make a reservation!
"My friend wanted to have dinner here...even though she doesn't eat meat, but that just means more meat for me.

I can understand why this restaurant is rated the top 100 bbq's in America...or was it top 10...either way, the bbq here was very good.

Luckily my friend made the reservations, because people were waiting out there for over an hour or so. I recommend doing the 3 meat combo for $25, which includes 2 sides. 

Their cocktails are pretty good too. And the service was awesome."
"I dunno if this is THE BEST BBQ i've EVER had.... but it is definitely the best i've had in phoenix! 

they offer this family special - the whole hog heaven, which is st louis style ribs, bbq pork, bbq beef brisket, and bbq chicken, plus 2 sides, for around $30, which feeds 2-3 people. so we ordered one of these, plus a 3 meat combo (2 orders of baby back ribs + more bbq beef brisket). oh my word. so much meat! tasty, glorious, juicy, succulent meat! i heartily recommend the st louis ribs over the baby backs, bc they were cooked SO tender and were so nice and meaty. 

it was alllllllll good! and their spicy bbq sauce? love it! for sides, we tried the grilled corn, mashed potatoes, and shoestring fries. i'd say forget the fries, but definitely get some of that corn! and the cornbread.... well. it was pretty good, but i did expect better. 

i saved some room for dessert, and we tried the apple griddle cake. it was like.... cooked apples on top of a custard-like crust. we were expecting it to be more of an apple pie type deal, so it was slightly disappointing. and it also wasn't awesome, but it was still good. i adore how they give you a cute little bag of hot, fresh donuts! they were delish, and still tasty the next morning. 

a little deals heads up - if you go on sundays, the whole hog heaven meal is a bit cheaper. can't remember the exact numbers since i didn't pick up the tab, but it's a screamin' deal!"
Great place!  Wanted to try something different. How often do you get a chance to eat BBQ!  Very friendly and great staff.  The pulled pork was out of this world.  We tried the combo platter and tried a little bit of everything.  We will be back.  Don't forget to mention YELP for your 10% discount.
"Went to Bobbie Q for the first time and plan on returning.  Our server was Jo and she did an excellent job of informing us about the history of the place and answering questions about the menu.  The food was served quickly and it was the correct temperature.

We enjoyed the cornbread as it had a hint of sweetness.  We had brisket and smoked chicken.  The sauce was very good.  Baby back ribs coming out of the kitchen looked meaty and delicious.  There is a smell of smokey meat before you enter the building that builds up your appetite.  Once inside, the decor is a pleasant surprise!  The manager did come to our table to ask about our experience and the complimentary mini donuts at the end of the meal were another pleasant surprise!  We'll be back!  This place ticks all the boxes."
"Excellent service. Brisket was amazing, rest was just okay. Ambience on the patio was phenomenal. Stopped in for lunch on our way thru, four generations of my family have eaten here thru the years and I was the last and told we had to try it if we passed thru. So glad we did. Parking is abundant. Bathrooms are super clean and so neat in the decor."
"My boyfriend and I love BBQ.  As some pretty serious BBQ lovers, we came to this place because of its reviews on yelp.  Well, we were definitely not disappointed.

Service:  Definitely great service from the wait staff and manager.  The waitor did frequent checkbacks to our table (and those in our section).  He didn't seem rushed or in a hurry, even though it was a busy night.  This being a popular place to eat, I had assumed that we would get the ""rushed waitor"" treatment-- case was the opposite.  The manager came by to check on our meal as well and we received some good recommendations for the future.  

Food:  All I can really say is A++ Amazing.  We ordered a full baby-back rack of bbq ribs with macaroni & cheese & fries.  Ribs were definitely the best we've had.  You can tell they don't just slap them on the grill and throw some sauce on it.  Mac & cheese was very creamy, just the way it should be!  The fries were fries, what can I say...?  They were good.  

Overall:  We're going back again and again.  The resteraunt was loud at the time, but it's to be expected on a Friday night with music in the bar area.  Didn't mind at all--everyone we saw there seemed as though they didn't mind either."
Really good barbeque we had the Sunday family feast for$39.00 with a couple of extra sides my daughter had chicken fried chicken we loved it all
"I have driven past this place for 15 years and never stopped, till last Saturday night.  I found my new favorite restaraunt!!  I went back again last night (I live 23 miles, it's worth the ride on my scooter)  I had the satuday night special which is the steak and crab legs.  The steak was made to order and the taste was fabulous, the crab legs were tastier than any you can get at Red Lobster or Joe's Crab Shack.  The price was amazing for the taste and the portion size.  LOVE this place"
"Great atmosphere,  impeccable customer service,  fantastic food,  what more can you ask for? Even the manager on the floor stopped by each table to see how things are going.  10% off entire bill for first time yelp customers too. This place is a winner and I'll be back"
"If you are looking for good BBQ, look no farther. I recommend this place to everyone I know that lives in or will be visiting the Phoenix area. Make a reservation before you go as there is always a large number of people waiting to be seated. The whole hog heaven is enough to feed our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids under 12). Delicious."
"So as a last meal in az this was pretty epic! Phenomenal service-I was checked on by several people, the food came out seriously fast. Best of all tony gave me good recommendations and made sure my meal was epic. I'm sorry to report he succeeded.

The food was fabulous. I got the 3 meat combo and of that the baby back ribs were my favorite. The chicken was fantastic and the beef brisket was great but hats off to anyone that can cook a pig that good! The grilled veggies were tastie and made me feel better about eating here. The beans were also great.

The sauces were also very tasty. I highly recommend the spicy to anyone who wants a zip to their sauce. All in all a great last meal in AZ before going back to Cali"
"LOVE this place. Free cornbread, LOVE. Free mini-donuts at the end of your meal, LOVE. 10% off thanks to yelp, LOVE! My friends and I always get the Whole Hog Heaven. It's the most bang for you buck for sure and then some! I've tried all sorts of different combinations and would recommend everything EXCEPT the chicken, it was a little too dry for me. And ALL the sides I've tried are delicious: corn, mashed potatoes, shoe string fries, mac n' cheese...perfect! The Q rolls appetizer are a must-get appetizer with the Chipotle sauce! Service is always great too! 

The Q Lounge next door seems like it would be a fun place to go post meal as well. We didn't go but it looked like it was bumpin' and they played some good music!"
"great bbq.
great service. great food all around.
been back here many times. maybe one of the best bbq ribs in phoenix."
"Who knows why I chose BBQ in Arizona when coming from Texas, but it was a great choice. They had a sweet kick to everything (their sauce and cornbread) which was a huge plus to me...but it wasnt overly, diabetic sweet. The lemonade tasted home made... and very good. 

I had to get a to go box and they gave cute little donuts when you are done. A little on the higher side price  for BBQ ( again, I'm from Texas), but I'd return!"
One of my favorite (actually only American dish I like :) Barbecue. Bobby Q - is so good. sometimes you have to wait for 20 - 30 mins in peak hours but you can hang out at a bar until you get your table or eat at the bar. Food is so good. Never failed taste  - always busy even though it is in old housing neighborhood. Service is excellent - manager always comes around to ask for taste of food and service. Very well manged and you can taste good old Barbecue. Deserts are good too. Sunday special is something you want to try if you have four people.
"This place is classier than your typical BBQ joint, which of course means just a little pricier.  But with the extra money comes high quality food.

My most recent visit, I ordered the brisket sandwich with shoestring fries, and was quite satisfied.  Service was fast and friendly, and the food was excellent.

First up was the cornbread, which was very flavorful and full of buttery goodness.  The meat was tender, juicy, and went very well with the regular barbecue sauce.  The fries were also good - I couldn't figure out what was special about them, but whatever it is, it works.

Overall, a very good place, highly recommended."
"very good place.  The mac n cheese was actually too rich and creamy for me, but if that's the way you like it, it will be your new fav.  i like mine baked.  chicken and pulled pork sandwiches were great, but i can't scream about the chocolate overdose dessert.  they did send us home with some free freshly made doughnuts, though, so i don't have much right to complain.  we'll be going back."
"Oh wow! This has to be the best barbecue joint I have ever eaten at! The staff is friendly and efficient, and the food is mouth-watering delicious! I have not yet tried one thing on the menu that hasn't hit the spot. I recommend making reservations if you're planning to dine during the weekend because this place is definitely popular with the tourists and locals, but the wait has never been awful. 5/5 stars!"
"One of the best BBQ experiences I've had in a long time. Thanks for,the amazing food and terrific service.  Came from out of state and was here only a few hours, but I will go out of my way to eat here again.  Loved it."
Delicious food! Best BBQ I've probably ever eaten. Great atmosphere and service! Reasonably priced considering portion size and quality! Will be back for sure!
Favorite BBQ place in all of Phoenix! Favorite family spot for birthday dinners. Many options for everyone to choose from. The cornbread is amazing! Be sure to ask for seconds. Great ambiance and environment. The mini donuts after the meal are delicious too!
"This was my first visit ever to celebrate graduation for my masters degree, and everything we had was delicious. Two of my family members really liked the complimentary corn bread and took some extra home. I had the ribeye with the side order of shrimp, both amazing, especially the sauce on the shrimp and the temperature of the ribeye was perfect. One of my friends who had been there previously ordered a salad she had there before that was no longer on the menu, so they accommodated her request. But unfortunately they didn't have avocado or forgot it on her salad, so they comped it and also gave us free dessert. One of the managers came by a few times to check on us and made sure we were ok with everything else. Overall we had a great experience despite the avocado-less salad, and my friend was still happy with her meal, especially the Q-rolls she made sure we tried!"
"Best beef brisket I've had yet.. and I don't normally like beef brisket.  

I had the lunch sampler thing at the suggestion of my bartender, who was friendly and helpful.  He also suggested the mac-n-cheese and although I didn't feel like mac-n-cheese I tried it.  This stuff was so damn good and the hot sauce he suggested I put on it was out of this world!  The cornbread was also a highlight of the meal.  

The sampler included ribs, bbq chicken and beef brisket.  Each were perfectly cooked, seasoned and super tender.  Of course I would recommend getting a little extra bbq sauce on the side, my preference was the hot which I loved!

They finish the meal off with a bag-o-donuts.. basically sugared doughballs.  Nonetheless they were very tasty and a nice, different take on a dessert for a bbq meal.

It was also nice that the bartender didn't scoff when I asked him to switch the tvs to ESPN (who wants to watch the news in the bar anyways?).  Not only that, but he put it up on all the tvs and raised the volume.  I had a really great lunch there and will be returning soon."
Only good on Tuesday. Watch out for the door man with butter teeth!
"Sunday afternoon the 4 of us arrived at Bobby Q. My elderly Aunt and her older sister and another friend makeup our dinner group. We were greeted and seated right away. There were two walkers in the group but no problem as the aisles were plenty wide and there was room to store them nearby.

Ashely was our server and while she was taking our beverage orders I mentioned ""Yelp"" for our discount, very nice! She also gave us seperate checks without a complaint,a very professional and a delightful person.

My Aunts had never heard of Yelp and thought they would have to exclaim ""yelp""! to get the discount, very funny!!

I orderd the onion block which arrived quickly, the only better one we had tasted was the one from Tona Roma's now closed on Bell Rd.

I ordered the St Louis Ribs and they were sensational. I have had ribs all over and the ""smokey"" quality was the best and the amount of sauce perfect. The fact that they were hanging off the platter was very nice as well. My sides were a baked potato and grilled vegetables. The potato was large and piping hot, I ""hot potatoed"" myself twice, just the way I like. The veges were generous and delicious.

Two of the ladies orderd the Baby Backs Ribs and the comments were very positive. They ordered a variety of sides which were all well received. 

One misstep was that a side of Mac and Cheese was received instead of the Pecan Slaw. No problem, the young man who brought out the plates returned with the desired slaw and more of the popular corn bread within a minute.

All in all, a great meal! All of us took heavy boxes home and the ""Thank You"" donuts were cute."
"Hands down. AMAZING BBQ. Dinner started with delicious cornbread. Then we split the combo platter which was very large for $13 and had ribs, brisket, pulled pork, corn and the nice waitress even brought us out some cole slaw and Mac and cheese to try. Delicious!!!  The waitress was extraordinary. I saw drinks being brought out in real pineapples. At the end they even bring you out a bag of hot fresh donuts. This place is YOWZA good. Total bill was a measly $15. LOVE!"
"Bobby Q is now my favorite restaurant in Phoenix after my first visit.   The atmosphere was rustic, fun, and barbequey, the food was awesome, and the service was attentive.   I had the pulled pork and brisket...wonderful.   The mac and cheese side was certainly the best mac and cheese I've ever had...super thick, rich and smooth.  The bill for 2 with 2 beers and one premium cocktail was $50...AWESOME value!  Super highly recommended!!!"
What is the point of having a reservation system if you are going to make reservations wait for their table. The whole point I reserved was to avoid the wait. Food is great and all but service? They really need to work it out better.
"I had eaten the BBQ at the bar side on Friday nights were they have free food with a two drink minimum (diet Pepsi for me) and thought it was good. I finally made it to the restaurant side were I was told they had two smokers (a must for good BBQ). I went for the half order of baby back ribs and thought they were GREAT, darn good BBQ sauce too I must say. I got the beans and coleslaw with pecans, the beans are cowboy BBQ style, not bad and the slaw is very good, you also get corn bread that is better then mom makes, (my mom uses the box mix). One of the best BBQ joints in Phoenix for sure."
I grew up with Dinosaur BBQ in syracuse before it was famous and the flavor changed.... This place topped dinoq it was amazing
"I have eaten here twice, once for dinner, once for lunch.

When I came for dinner I was impressed by the food (especially the mud pie) and the service; but this last time coming in for lunch, I had such wonderful service and food that I had to say something.

The hostess greeting was quick and super pleasant. Great!

The waiter, Jacob was patient and more than happy to explain the menu and answer questions. Great!

When it came to changing our minds on stuff, he was completely professional and did not make us feel bad at all!! Totally great!

Also, when we had a question about the bill, he was good enough to listen to us and take care of the issue. THAT, was fabulous customer service!! Thank you Jacob for being the highlight of our visit! I will definitely go back there - hopefully when Jacob is working!

BTW - the food was absolutely delish!!    :)"
"Look for the sign!
Found myself in Phoenix for a weekend vacation. The main purpose was to check out the grand canyon and catch a baseball game but I ended up finding one of the best BBQ joints in the country. After trying Memphis, Carolinas and Texas BBQ...the last place i expected to find great BBQ food would be in the desert. I noticed the big sign while driving down the highway and decided to go in. Its an upscale kind of atmosphere...well compared to what you find in Texas. Nice patio for dining when its not to hot. We got the 4 meat platter...and it was some of the best BBQ I have ever come across. I only wish they had one in Jersey. The have some great appetizers and mixed drinks in pineapples as well. Good wait staff, great mac n cheese too!! TRY IT"
Drove from Las Vegas to Phoenix to catch a concert. My sister and I wanted a good meal before we headed out of town and saw this place on Yelp. We were a little concerned with the area but we are so glad we decided to stop and eat here. The atmosphere was amazing. Sat on the patio and it was comfortable and had a ton of character. The food was delicious and really reasonably priced. The service was as great! I totally recommend this place!
Lived in TX for 53 yrs and never thought I would find a better BBQ/Steak restaurant.   Just moved to Arizona.  Food was great. Wait staff was awesome.  Can certainly understand why a reservation was needed.
"The service was outstanding. The food was delicious. We had Q Roll-Ups, an appetizer, and an absolute must! Then we had brisket and baby back ribs, outstanding! The macaroni and cheese was truly over-the-top excellent. Sharlie, our wonderful server, was lots of help in making good recommendations, super attentive and friendly, and always made sure we had everything we needed. She is a real Jewel! The manager, Taylor, stopped by with a personal greeting full of sincere warmth and genuine interest. No wonder this place is so fantastic! What a great bar they have, too! And oh my goodness... those insidious little puffs of delicious doughnuts fried in peanut oil they bring you at the end of your meal in the little to-go bag, The Perfect Touch of hospitality and Lord have mercy they are far too scrumptious! We are from out of town and eat out a lot and this place is at the top of our list!"
"Ask for Chelsea the waitress! She was so great! She made us feel so welcome! The food was seriously... Unreal! Coming from the east valley, I've always gone to joes bbq which has always been ""good"". But bobby q is different ball game all together. Puts all other BBQ places to shame!!"
"I enjoy eating here every time, the service is really sharp and prompt, food is good  and  I can take a large group and they are never rattled. 
If you like BBQ and want t a great sit down place here it is! Perfect for taking Mom and Dad.."
"Best best BBQ spot in town! The service is amazing. One of my coworkers ordered the catfish poBoy and they misunderstood and brought her the catfish dish. Not only did they replace the dish right away, they let her keep the extra side dish and they comp'd the entire meal. They only charged her for the amazing raspberry sangria we both ordered. I had the brisket sandwich and beans and it was mouth watering. Would absolutely be back and recommend to anyone !"
"Feels like a chain. Competent but nothing special.

I had the two-meat plate with beef ribs and brisket; sides were beans and cole slaw. The beans had a nice kick. Meats were competent. The regular sauce was really sweet. The spicy sauce was not too kicky. It was $17.50."
"TGIF meets BBQ = Bobby q.  Disappointed and misled by the yelp reviews - was expecting 4 star quality food but instead got lukewarm Cajun shrimp, bland pulled pork and corn that was covered in butter. Its only saving grace was that the meat was cooked right as others have said, but they lacked a real BBQ sauce to bring out the meat."
"Brought our out of town company (out of country even!) looking for a good local style food that wasn't Mexican.  So glad to have discovered this place!  Good service, very friendly staff, and of course, great food!"
"Great restaurant!  I had the brisket sandwich and loved it.  They bring out fresh cornbread before the meal which is a bonus and small little donuts for after the meal.  The restaurant has a great decor and is a very pleasant atmosphere. If you want some good ol fashion barbecue- try this place out, you won't be let down"
"Decided to try the baby back ribs again...and, this time they were delicious!  Maybe the last time we were there, the cook put a little too much rub on them.  But, this time, they were like I always remembered.  Everything was delicious!

Also, we had the BBQ chicken, and it's so amazingly juicy and flavorful.  Definitely the best BBQ chicken I've ever had.

Just felt like doing a follow-up, since I'd had an issue with the ribs before.  Glad to know it was just a one-off."
"Love this place! A must have when in Phoenix... the service can be slow but they always do their best to accommodate large parties which is awesome. Good food, always yummy!"
"This place is 10 stars. My husband was looking up BBQ in Phoenix and came upon this place so on the way to Sedona we stopped by. 
The area looks like there wouldn't be a restaurant and the parking lot is not to appeling but once you hot the side and see the patio and inside man this place is nice and the food is GOOD!! There was 7 of us and we got sat fast. I had the BBQ chicken and mash and I ate it all and I never finish my food. My husband had the Sampler plate and he loved it. The corn bread is good. After your meal they bring a bag a freshly fried donuts and sugar. This place is soooooooooooooooooo good. When we come back to Phoenix we will go there again. Best BBQ we have tasted by far."
"so overpriced. didn't have dinner... just horrible  under poured drinks..  everyone was so busy trying to look sophisticated standing around saying nothing.. just vacuous! the kicker is this  hollywood type screen with logos that your supposed to take a selfie or pose in front of.. like its the pork destination station!
Look like prostitutes and old people finally got a big night out!"
Being from the southeast. This is the best tasting I have found in Phoenix and west of the Mississippi. the meat is smoked just right and the portions are great.
"I called to see if they had a complimentary buffet on Fridays and what time.  They used to have one and it was very good.  But I haven't been there in a while.  Was transferred to the bar I guess.  I was told it should start at 4pm.  When I arrived at the front I asked about a complimentary buffet and they looked bewildered.  I was directed to the bar where about six employees in the same T-shirts were sitting.  ""I asked if they had a complimentary buffet today""  It was Friday at 4:20pm.  The bar was completely empty.  Zombies may have been able to answer that question. But these moronic employees were incapable.  Duuuhhh!  Management? DO YOU HAVE YOU HAVE A COMPLIMENTARY HAPPY HOUR ON FRIDAYS AND WHEN DOES IT START?  Let your employees know!!!!"
Always stop here when out for the races ! Great food best smoked sausage ever! Always ask for Jessica great person and very friendly
"Yes..... you're eyes are not playing games with you... I rated Bobby Q's with TOP ratings and well deserved!

As always I start out by reminding everyone that I am pickiest person I know and when I like a place.... I tell all and when a place sucks... I also tell all! lol

Lets start in the parking lot with attendants guiding us on where to park...I guess happy hour is a BIG thing there.

We were immediately greeted and seated in a comfortable chair on one side couch on the other table.

Justin was there in a jiffy for drink orders and telling us ""newbies"" about the restaurant and even its backround.  

The ambience was warm and comfortable (other than the BOOM BOOMING noise coming thru the wall from the bar)

We were served warm and totally AWESOME corn bread while we decided on what to order.

We shared a 3 meat combo, I believe the price was $21.00 but dont quote me.

The combo included a choice of 3 meats and we chose  spare ribs, pork and brisket which came with 2 sides.

Justin brought a sample of the mac and cheese and OMG....that is some damn fine mac/cheese....very very rich but yummy!

Having had our share with the sample,  we chose the pecan cole slaw and bbq beans as our sides.

The meal arrived in no more than 5 minutes and they were nice enough to split it on 2 plates for us.

The pork was incredibly moist and smoky yumminess...the brisket was tender and again that smoky flavor with just a little sauce on top as not to drown it and the ribs fell right off the bone.

Justin brought us some mild and spicy bbq sauce and they were both tangy and full of BAM!

The cole slaw was not too wet from mayonise overdose and just perfect and the bbq beans were a little sweet but very good.

And when you feel stuffed and have had your fill they bring you a little brown bag with a few homemade mini doughnuts....just a tad sweet and the perfect end to a perfect meal!

Keep in mind I have been on a quest to find what I feel is some good BBQ and this my friends is it! (would I steer you wrong?) :)

I have tried the Honeybears...yuk  and the place in Glendale that was on the show ""check please"" (yucky sauce and ribs were nothing to write home about and their cole slaw was soaking in mayo)...ick....
and Dickeys which....well...I really have nothing good to say about that place (see my review from last month).

I have been hearing about Bobby Q's for a while now, but never felt like taking the long drive out there.....boy oh boy am I glad I did.

As I always say....food is a matter of personal preference and I would gladly pay the price for good food but it pisses me off to pay good money for lousy food!
Which is why I feel obliged to share my opinion with my fellow Arizonians out there.

Overall I say GO!  TRY!  ENJOY! and until you do.......

Bon Appetite'"
It must be good when I can't stop thinking about their homemade lemonade and their q-rolls. It's what dreams are made of!!! I came here for my graduation lunch about 4 months ago and I just requested to go here for my birthday as well! I can't wait to see you again Bobby Q!!
"This place is a no brainer for BBQ!!! Food is always delicious and service is great . Every time I'm in town, I always make time for Bobby Q.."
"Visiting Phoenix for the first time and stopped in for dinner on the way to my hotel. The first thing I tried was the complimentary cornbread and butter- OMG, it was delicious!! I had the beef rib and sausage plate- I wasn't blown away with the sausage, maybe because I'm a Texas girl and have had better but the beef ribs were impressive and so tasty. The meat was tender and flavorful. I shared the Mississippi Mud Pie dessert with my friend and it was fantastic- so chocolatey!! the staff was super friendly as was the manager. I thoroughly enjoyed this place, in fact so much that when I return to Phoenix next week, I will stop in again!  Oh, and the little fresh, warm donuts they give you after your meal with the cinnamon sugar, GET OUTTA HERE, they're divine!!!"
"Unbelievable.  Our 1st time at Bobby Q's, the last night of vacation and we couldn't have been more impressed. 
Our waitress (Christen?) started things off right with her friendly and warm style.  When my date wanted to know which sides were best, Christen brought out huge samples of the sides we were interested in.  Our glasses were never empty and our table was consistently bussed.  We chose the smoked wings for an appetizer and since we come from the ""wingland"" (near Buffalo, NY) we were not disappointed.  Big, meaty wings that were slathered in sauce and cooked perfectly.  We opted for small Caesar salads and were surprised.  The romaine was cold and crisp and the dressing was as good as any at many a high-end restaurant we've been to. Cornbread.  Damn, that cornbread was GREAT.  Then entrees:  I had the 3 meats: sausage, brisket and chicken.  Each was perfect.  Smoky, tangy and tender.  The brisket may just be the best I've had.  My date had the prime brisket and raved about it.  I was only offered the tiniest of samples from her but was amazed - that WAS the best brisket... ever.  At the end of the meal we remarked how terrific everything was (especially the cornbread) and asked for a box to take our remaining pieces to-go.  We were surprised when Christen brought out a box with an additional 6 pieces.  I had ordered the Sub Zero banana cream square to-go.  I was asked if it was ok for it to come out a little later, as the manager invited us back to the kitchen to look around and specifically to see the industrial-sized smokers.  That was an incredibly gracious gesture.  I even got some meat smokin' secrets out of him!  Again - a warm, friendly, gracious guy with a genuine smile and offered a feeling of being ""family"".  By the time we got back to the table my huge desert to-go was ready and we were fat and happy.  Christen ended our night with a warm (and strong) handshake and best wishes for safe travels, home."
"My family and I ate here Saturday night.....based on the reviews of Yelp.
We were not disappointed, as a matter of fact, we were pleasantly surprised with every aspect of our evening.  When you arrive at Bobby Q's, the outside makes it feel as if you are about to walk into a dive.  However when you turn the corner and walk in the door, that is not the case.  Very nice ambiance throughout the entire restaurant. They had wonderful mood lighting! I love low mood lighting!  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  Our meals were excellent.  My husband got the Chicken Fried Chicken and I got the Top Sirloin.  We started with the corn bread, which was delicious!  I don't care if it feel apart at least it wasn't dry!  My top sirloin was cooked a perfect Medium and seasoned exceptionally well.  I really loved it and I love steak.  Surprisingly the roasted corn was one of my favorites of the night, I don't usually gobble up corn when I get it with dinner, but man, this was some heavenly corn!  My husbands chicken fried chicken was perfect.  Pounded thin, with a light crispy batter, I hate to say it, but it might have been better than Texaz Grill's chicken!  It was tasty.  My son got the oven cooked pepperoni pizza and it was a large portion for the $4.00 price tag, he even took some home.  Our food was excellent, there wasn't one thing we didn't like, the food was hot, the service was great, the atmosphere was great, we will return!"
"Fantastic barbecue. Hands down the best in the Valley, and this coming from a born & bred Midwesterner that is used to blue ribbon Kansas City BBQ."
Bobby Q did not disappoint. Our server and the manager blew us away with their amazing service!!
"Oh my GOODNESS!!! 

Hands down the best BBQ!  

Amazing customer service! Had a small issue with the cornbread and the manager came out himself to talk to us and apologize and re"
"BOBBY Q BBQ. It's so clever! Honestly when we drove past this restaurant to get to our motel...we were busy making fun of their name. That is until we found out that they made Yelp's 100 Places to Eat and we found ourselves waiting 50 minutes for dinner. Not laughing anymore. I highly recommend making reservations because this restaurants get very crowded. Thankfully this did not affect the service at all! We were taken care of from the minute we walked in, to the minute we walked out. 

Their menu has a little bit of everything so you're bound to find something that interests you. We started our meal with their Spinach Artichoke Queso Dip (with garlic bread) but honestly you don't even have to! Their house corn bread is delicious with their butter and can easily count as an appetizer with all the free refills they give you. With that said, the artichoke queso dip was also quite tasty. I just prefer my artichoke dip with chips rather than bread. The bread was just a little too buttery for me which made the appetizer feel very heavy. For our entrees, we ordered the Three Meat Plate (brisket, sausage, ribs) and their Jumbo BBQ Potato (all the usual fixings and brisket.

We absolutely loved the BBQ here. We've tasted some of the best bbq in Texas and I have to say that you can find some of the best right here in Phoenix, AZ. Everything was tender, fall off the bone delicious. I especially loved their brisket and my husband thought their sausage was great. I loved their BBQ sauce too. I even liked their sides! Their Mac-n-Cheese was rich and decadent, their pecan coleslaw was tangy and refreshing and their roasted corn was a little too smoky but that is purely a personal preference (less smoke is better for me). As for my Jumbo Potato, it was stuffed to the brim with all the fixings and very satisfying. We were absolutely stuffed after this meal. 

Our meal ended with some fresh house made donuts covered in cinnamon sugar. It was a great finish and we really appreciated all the effort put into excellent customer service. The managers were all out and greeting guests as well as cleaning tables! That was really nice to see. Anyways, I never thought that I would find a good BBQ restaurant in Phoenix but I was wrong! Next time I'm here, I'm definitely coming back for some great food! 5/5"
The best BBQ in Phoenix. So yummy and huge portions. Try the frozen lemonade is delicious
"I have to say I'm a tough critic and this place did nothing but impress. The service was excellent.  Cody was friendly, and knowledgeable about the menu and stirred us in the right direction. The food was amazing you can tell they cook the meats slow and low. All and all a good find for us.
We will be back."
"This place is amazing. Party of 4 ordered pretty much one of everything and it was all incredible. We eat at a lot of BBQ places around the US - one wouldn't expect one this good in Arizona. 

Portions are big. Lots of wonderful options. Highly recommend it 

The only weird part is the club. We went on a Thursday night - late. At 10pm - a club opens up next door. Not really our scene. I've never seen a BBQ place transform into a night club."
"Oh my god this place is good. Pulled pork, beef brisket, and oh yeah the Q-rools are all to die for. I would recommend anything on the menu cause I have tried it all. The smoasted chicken is unreal! For me I wont go anywhere else for BBQ except my own house.  The atmosphere is great and its a little dark &  there is a outside patio area as well. They have great lunch specials. The food portions are good size you will probably be taking some home.  And when your done and pay they bring you a little bag of the best little doughnuts ever.  Oh yeah Doughnuts."
Hands down one of the best BBQ restaurants I have ever ate at. Do your self a favor and go.
"I'm not crazy about BBQ so my review might be slightly biased. 

I got brisket because it seemed to be the most crazed about meat. I could see why people love it but it was just decent to me. Very tender but typical BBQ flavor. 

Mac and cheese tasted like what I've had at other BBQ restaurants but a bit better. Same with the corn bread. 

I got it for take-out and they were extremely quick so that was much appreciated!"
This barbecue is not what it's hyped to be. Not a candle to little miss BBQ. Not the flavor or tenderness we'd want from barbecue. Don't waste your time.
"Stopped in here with my crew from school on lunch break from GCU. We sat on the very lovely patio. There are interesting fountains, and you don't feel like you're in the middle of Phoenix, which is always nice. The service was amazing. He took our picture without hesitation, and he knew we were on a time limit so he helped get our checks closed in a timely manner. I'd try this again for dinner sometime when I have the opportunity to relax a bit, but my impression was top notch!"
"Excellent BBQ. The baby back ribs, awesome Mac & Cheese and great service by Austin will keep me coming back."
"Bobby Q was our first stop after leaving the airport when we arrived in Phoenix and it left one helluva impression! We came by in the early afternoon on a beautiful Saturday and there was zero wait which is perfect because we were starving. We had the choice of sitting outdoors or indoors but chose the latter because not only was it warm out but I saw customers sitting outside swatting flying bugs.

We ordered the whole hog heaven which is a platter where you choose two ribs, two meats, and three sides for $48. With the help of our waitress we decided to go with the baby backs and beef ribs, brisket and sausage for the meats, and the mac & cheese, ranch beans, and the shoestring fries for the sides. While we were waiting, we received complimentary cornbread. Moist, fluffy, buttery, and semi-sweet... these cornbreads were the best I've ever had! I'm sure they are SO bad for your health though but I could only live in the moment!

- Baby back ribs: May sound like a boring choice but nope. These were smoked to perfection and the meat fell off the bone. I was very impressed.
- Beef ribs: If I had to pick a favorite meat of the meal, the beef ribs would be it. These are finger-licking good with loads of meat, and even some bone marrow too. Just divine. Absolutely to die for. LOVE!
- Brisket: The first bite I had of the fatty brisket sent me to meat heaven. Succulent and explosive in taste. The leaner parts of the brisket was a touch dry and needed some extra barbecue sauce to fix that though.
- Sausage: Robust in flavor with a nice peppery kick.
- Mac & cheese: I'm not usually a fan of mac & cheese but these are great. I ate spoonfuls after spoonfuls. 
- Ranch beans: Smoky and savory. Love these beans. Again, best I've had. My favorite of the three sides!
- Shoestring fries: I'm generally prefer thick-cut fries but these were an exception. Impeccably fried and perfectly salted, these were very tasty and fun to pick at. Simple yet awesome.

After our incredibly satisfying feast (yes, we had leftovers for the next day!), we were given freshly fried cinnamon sugar doughnuts on our way out. They were amazing! OMG! The first bite of everything at Bobby Q was seriously like a party in my mouth. Every. Single. Thing. From start to finish.

I LOVE BOBBY BBQ! PLEASE COME TO NEW YORK!"
This is the worst BBQ I've had in a long time I'm originally from Chicago and this is not good barbecue I wonder if they even have a real barbecue pit it doesn't taste like it and really tastes like another version of Famous Dave's matter-of-fact Famous Daves is better will never go there again FYI if you're looking for good BBQ come to Chicago.
"Here is my opinion on Bobby Q. Let someone else take you. Why? Because I took some family members there, on my dine. And I learned the hard way that this place is a bit pricey. Four people, some ribs and a few drinks later and I went near $200. Not lots of drinks , either. The ribs though, AWESOME. We all agreed they were near the best. The grilled veggies seemed right off the fire. There was nothing we didn't like. Nothing. Even the coleslaw is special. Truly. Not a good place to treat multiple people to is all."
"Nice atmosphere, good service, pretty cool little building.

I'll give it 4 stars for doing a lot of the little things right.  It's just not the best BBQ I've had, and for the prices ($40 for a 3-meat combo, drink, tax, tip, etc.) it's on the higher range of the BBQ places that I go to.  Maybe I just prefer the down and dirty places?  I don't know....but the corporate chain feeling stuck out a little more than I was expecting.

That being said, there was nothing at all wrong with the food.  The brisket was really moist so I'll probably give that another try.  The ribs had good meat on them.  One downside is they put BBQ sauce on the sausage.  I like the natural flavor a bit better.  The cornbread was average, the mac and cheese was very good.

Maybe I should say better things about a 4-star rating but that's just how it feels to me.  A lot of people like this place and anything I didn't like came down more to personal taste rather than the restaurant doing anything wrong.  So....give it a shot and make your own opinion."
"Out of all the bbq restaurants in Phoenix, this one by far is the best one I have been to.  My boyfriend and I are from KC and, of course, claim to know bbq.  Bobby Q's isn't as good as some of my favorites around the country, but for Phoenix, I give it an A+.

Many of the establishments in town have ok meat, but horrible sides.  Bobby Q was great all around!  From the corn bread, to the bbq sandwiches and finally the mini-donuts for dessert (that were even hot) everything was fantastic.  

The venue is a bit more upscale than most bbq joints and the parking lot and restaurant itself are gigantic.  Don't worry about getting a spot on a week night, there is plenty of room!"
By far the best BBQ I've had. A little tricky to get to but well worth it. The flavors just satisfy your craving for good old BBQ comfort foods. Can't wait to try it again.
"Went here for a quick lunch on the way back to LA. Can't believe how great the food was. Got the 3(brisket,bbq chicken, st. Louis ribs) meats and 1 side with 1 cornbread. Everything tasted amazing, the brisket and the ribs basically melted in my mouth. Also had very great, attentive, and friendly service. Anytime I'm in Aizona, this is my place to be."
"One of very favorite places to have a nice dinner. My wife and I met at Bobby Q's 11 years ago, so it is an extra special place for us. :) Best BBQ pulled pork and brisket in the valley and be sure to try the Q Rolls for an appetizer. YUM! :)"
"What a great experience Bobby Q's was!!!  Food, service, everything was outstanding.

We were in a hurry and let Christy know (I think she was the GM or Manager?) when we came in that we'd like to get in and out as quick as possible.  She put the wheels in motion for us to have a great lunch in a very short period of time.  In fact, my beer was on the table as they were seating us, which took about half a minute after we arrived!!!

Our server, sorry, I forgot your name, did and awesome job and immediately took our order so she could get it into the kitchen.  She hustled to get waters and their cornbread on the table all while we were still barely settling in.

To the kitchen, thank you for getting our food out so quickly and man was it good!  OUTSTANDING babyback ribs and pulled pork sandwich.  French fries, cornbread, everything was really good.

Fantastic job to the whole team and operation.

We WILL be back, hopefully less rushed next time so that we can really enjoy all that they have to offer!!

Chris and Family"
"Excellent fall off the bone baby backs, perfectly grilled veggies and an outstanding coleslaw .  Highly recommended and fast!"
Food was great! Drinks we're great! Service was great! The overall experience was awesome! After having a horrible experience at Thee Pitts Again we had to find a new BBQ place and we are glad to have found this one! We went on a Saturday night around 6 -7 and we had a 15-20 min wait which was well worth it. One of the managers brought us a sample of the Macaroni and Cheese.... IT WAS AMAZING! Almost needed a glass of milk to wash it down with! We will be returning!
"This place reminds me alot like Lucille's smokehouse BBQ and grill back home in California. Actually it did alot! I loved it though! The whole restaurant was absolutely adorable and they had a gorgeous patio area. We went in for lunch so we didn't really get to try anything they specialized in. We both had pulled pork, & oh my gosh it was so good! And their steamed veggies were perfectly cooked. Our server was cute and very friendly. We were her last table I could tell (I'm a server myself) anyways she was still very attentive and polite didn't make us feel rushed at all. I'll definitely be back for dinner!"
"Bobby Q's catered our wedding and the food was absolutely awesome. I've also had their food at other catered events and it was equally awesome then, too. I've impressed that a BBQ-based company is so accommodating of vegetarian diets and that their vegetarian food is actually really good!

We had a Mexican meal catered for our wedding. Our guests raved about the meats and I really enjoyed the enchiladas and guacamole. The servers were good, the food was excellent, they went the extra effort to match their buffet display to our wedding colors, and the cost was far more reasonable than most wedding meals. If it hadn't been my wedding, I would have stuffed myself silly on the food it was so good.

I've also had the barbeque meal catering at a different event, and it was delicious! The servers were so accommodating as soon as they heard I was vegetarian (offering to grill up some other fare for me). The mac & cheese and biscuits were awesome."
"Shay was a wonderful server. She was very nice and took really good care of us. The pulled pork, brisket and baked potatoes was delicious. We really enjoyed the home beer and the Q-rolls appetizers.   The donuts at the end of the meal were a great touch to the end of the meal. By the way, the manager is also on top of everything making sure everyone is satisfied with the restaurant!"
"We have dined here at least 15 times, since we eat out at least 4 times per week. We have not been back in over 2 years, due to issue below:
The Good:
-Servers
-Brisket
-Ribs
-Salmon
-Shrimp
-Cornbread (love the corn kernals...please add a few more?)
-Cole slaw (PLEASE add a few more pecans!)

The Bad:
-Pulled Pork (for years it tastes like natural gas grill--sorry, but that's accurate and I am a paid ""taster"")

The Ugly:
-We have not been back, since one visit, our Guest who bought us drinks while standing around waiting for a table was highly over-charged for cocktails!  
Charged $14.00 for a glass of St. Michel Reisling ($7 to $8. for a bottle at any super market)  Also charged $14. for a well-drink and $9. for a bottle of Bud Light!
We should have asked for the manager right at the moment, but as good restaurant goers, we let it go in a busy environment.  

I phoned a few days later to be treated very poorly and found that "" I must be mistaken""
I have phoned about a year later (because I would like to go back but my partner will not) and the prices were lower than we paid that night.
Perhaps this was a dishonest bartender, taking advantage or perhaps prices have since been reduced.
Nevertheless...with an issue like this, you would THINK that someone would care enough to at least be courteous, let alone offer compensation...although, we never usually accept compensation. 
However...Bobby Q's doesn;t care...they are busy enough.

Oh well...I miss the place...but RoadHouse at Metrocenter just a mile away, gets all of our BBQ  business now."
"My hubby and I celebrated his birthday at Bobby Qs tonight. Our server Bryce truly went the extra mile. He was personable, knowledgeable and never rushed our 3 hour dinner. The manager Jack was beyond pleasant and obviously knows how to manage a busy and popular bbq destination. We will definitely be back to celebrate special nights, and I bet we'll drive the extra mile for lunch once in a while. Hospitality and bbq at its finest! Thank you!"
"Oh my goodness!! I am not a big meat eater and this place was fantastic!!! We got the pulled pork,pulled beef, coleslaw, corn slaw and corn bread. So so so so good!!! I definitely recommend this place and will come back on my next trip to Arizona!"
"While in Scottsdale for the Barrett Jackson auction we saw this bbq restaurant from the freeway and decided to give it a try. 
LOVED IT!
Great craft cocktails - we had a few minutes wait so decided to order a drink at the bar. I really liked the cocktail menu and they had a good variety of beers on tap as well. Before we took our first sip, our table was ready. So off went to the dinning area.
Our server was very helpful and gave us a few tips on what they are know for, what he likes and answered any questions we had. He was training a new server and I felt he did a great job demonstrated how to help a first time customer.
The plates are huge! we had enough for lunch the next day. My cousin got the fried chicken, which was a crispy fried boneless chicken breast. It was very moist and super crunchy. The gravy on the mashed potatoes are is just like the gravy my grandma makes.  
My husband and I had a three meat combo and tried the ribs, hot link and brisket. All of them were moist and delicious. The beans were super yummy, my husband always bases his review of bbq on the beans and these got an A+. 
At the end they bring you a little bag of fresh hot, sugary sweet mini donuts. Ohhh be still my heart. We even had enough for our morning cup of coffee the next day."
"Great BBQ! Rib meat fell off the bone, brisket very delicious, great corn bread and deep-fried donuts. Great service from Austin, too. Definitely recommend."
"If you can't give a real reason, then best not say anything at all. Not ever going back. Don't even have fun while you're here, they'll throw you out."
"This place is where you come when you want good BBQ. Try the ribs, of course, and they Bobby Q Rolls."
Great Barbeque!! Atmosphere is a bit loud. Food was delicious and hot.
"UPDATE:
We stopped here again when we came to town and nothing short of amazing again. Will always visit when we are in town, thank you Bobby Q's!

Came here with my mom while we were in town for work and wanted to try something locally owned. 
First of all, the staff are the nicest people! Our waitress was Nikole, and although it was a little hard to hear her, she was the most upbeat and sweet girl we've ever had as a waitress. 

The food was amazing! The meats were great, and the sides were just as good. The ambiance was really nice. Kind of like an upscale BBQ joint. Plenty of choices for all types and it came to our table before we could even finish our cornbread. 

All in all an excellent dining experience"
"decided to try out this BBQ place while is was in Phoenix for spring training with the family.  The place is a bit hard to see from the road, and if you are not careful you will drive right past it.  The parking lot is a good size with plenty of parking, provided i was there for an early dinner so this may not be true during peak hours.

The entrance to the restaurant is on the side of the building.  inside there is a small bar and a nice dinning area.  You can see the chickens on the rotisserie in the back, and the smell makes you instantly hungry.  We were seated near the back and our waiter (Riley) was quick to greet us and make sure we were doing good.  Not knowing what to get Riley made a few suggestions for us to think about before taking out drink orders.  Most of us got the Bobby Q Amber Ale and one Strawberry Lemonade.

We decided to order the Whole Hog Heaven and a second order of ribs.  While we waited for our meal we had some of their fresh complementary corn bread and enjoyed our cold drinks.  Food came out in the right amount of time, not too long or too fast.  

All of the food was delicious and went well with the beer.  During our visit the staff was attentive and made sure we had everything we needed.  Drinks never went empty and we had wet naps before we asked.  To finish everything off we got free doughnuts at the end.

This is one of the best BBQ places i have visited and i will definitely be back during my next visit."
"First time at Bobby Q's today, even though I live less than 10 min away. Killer cornbread. Had lunch platter with pulled pork, pulled chicken, and brisket. Pork was good. Liked the sauce. Chicken was juicy and tender. I'm Texan and BBQ is in my blood, so re brisket was ""just ok."" No bark on it and it was a little dry. Roasted veggies were good side for lunch, though I'm sure the Mac n cheese would have tasted fantastic. Will be back."
"It had been a while since the last time we had barbecue, so we decided to make an 8 PM Saturday night reservation at Bobby Q. We were very pleased with all the meats we sampled and the Yelp rating didn't let us down.

We had about a fifteen minute wait after we checked in at the host stand just after 8. The waiting areas were crowded and many people were waiting outside. I think a buzzer/text system would save some young ladies' voices and annoyance of the guests because when a table became available, the hostesses would yell out the name of the party at the top of their lungs while walking through waiting area.

We were served by Hunter and he did an excellent job of handling being triple sat with a total of 12 guests by treating the multiple tables as he should and serving all of us as one party of 12. He gave us a brief background of the restaurant also informing us that all the meat is smoked for over 20 hours using mesquite wood. The recommendations for food and beverage were solid. During the meal, my daughter did drop her fork on the ground and we requested on three different occasions for a new one and it was never brought to us.

For drink, I started with the Bobby Q's amber ale by Thunder Canyon Brewery which the caramel and malty flavor was an excellent pairing with the barbecue. Along with the warm cornbread to start, we were recommended the Q-Rolls ($10.50) which were a great preview of the meats to come ahead. The brisket was tender and moist wrapped in a crispy shell with a little kick added with a chipotle dip.

For entrees, my wife and I split the Whole Hog Heaven ($48) which was way too much food for two. All four of us could have split this meal. They were out of sausage that night so we went with the pork to go along with the baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, and brisket. All of the meat was smoky, tender, and juicy. No tough, dry meat here. The sauce was pretty standard and served in a small pot which eliminated the sticky, messy bottles. My daughter and her friend split the Southern Fried Chicken ($14). I didn't get to taste any of the chicken, but they finished everything, which usually isn't the case.

We passed on dessert as everyone was stuffed, but the bag of doughnuts was a nice parting gift which I finished pretty much the whole bag later as a late night snack."
"Awesome food (ribs, chicken, brisket, mac n cheese, mash potato, roasted corn) and service with the brightest smile all the time from Meghan"
The food was fantastic and their house beer is possibly the best beer I've ever had!  Rebecca was our server. She was very helpful as it was our first visit.
We have been coming here for several years.  They never disappoint!!  The best BBQ!! I get the chicken. My husband loves the Beef Brisket and pulled pork.  Their corn is a must!!  They have Full bar including specialty drinks.  Great service and fantastic ambiance.  Inside or on the patio! We come here every time we are in town!! Family night or date night!!
"Had the brisket and rib combo.  Brisket was tender and juicy, great flavor.  Ribs were awesome, pulled the bone out with no resistance.  Mac n cheese was good and gooey, as it should be.  Wife had the pulled pork sandwich, no complaints there either.  All around good experience for some good BBQ, definite return trip warranted when we're in Phoenix again."
Very good. Cornbread was excellent. Appetizer-Q rolls on point. Baby back ribs were meaty and tender. Pulled pork reminded me of home. I'll be back.
"Went for first time tonight. The food was awesome. We ordered ""whole hog heaven"". Had more than enough food for 2. Could have possibly served 3. The ribs fell off the bone. The brisket melted in your mouth. The service was great. Have nothing but good things to say."
Best BBQ EVER!!! Everything was GREAT! Our waitress was Anne & she was cheerful & friendly! Will definitely recommend it to EVERYONE!
"Amazing. Everything about it. The people are extremely friendly & polite. Very ""At Home"" feeling. They serve very large portions for a reasonable price. And the food is just amazing. Everything we tried was delicious. I highly recommend it."
"Excellent food, service, and the sugared donuts are to die for. Wish they had more locations, but a great evening out."
I wanted seafood & my hubby wanted steak. I found this place off my phone & it had good ratings. Let me say. The service was very good. We ordered & we had no long wait! (really fast) The food was GREAT. The atmosphere was cool & the service was on top of it. We will be back.
"Love this place!! It was our first time here and we'll definitely be back. Great service, our waitress was super friendly and always checked in, and two managers stopped by to ask how we were doing. The food is incredible too, we loved the Q-rolls and also got the huge BBQ combo :) it's expensive, but tons of food! We both ate a ton and had almost a third meal left over."
this place never fails to amaze me! great atmosphere and service and the food is unbelievable. the catfish is amazing!
"Best BBQ I've had in AZ. I smoke meat every other month or so but love to be treated. Most places smother meats in crappy bbq sauce but they were really light on it and I got to enjoy the meat. I had the brisket and pulled pork. I have to say the brisket was hands done great!! The beans weren't anything special personally. But the corn was good as was the mac and chz and dear god how could I forget!!?? The corn bread! I'm super picky on corn bread but it was awesome! No honey needed!
Def a cute set up as well. The little booths around the bar was great. And they have a dance floor at night on the weekends. Awesome place! Highly recommended!"
Great BBQ spot in Phoenix area. I came to eat here from out of town and was impressed by the excellent service despite high volume when I arrived. The food was incredibly good and fast. I waited longer to order vs actually receiving the food. Very good flavoring and pricing reasonable. Recommended 100%!!!
"Not only was the service amazing, but so is the food. Ribs were fall off the bone, cornbread was so soooft, and the free donuts were amazing crispy goodness. The drinks also tasted like top of the line stuff."
The ribs and brisket was yummy!!! Service was great as well. We are from NC and were wondering if AZ could do BBQ as well as we do.  Well the answer is a resounding YES!!
"Seriously.  I seldom give 5 stars, but it deserves at least this much.
If it wasn't for the location and the super scary after dinner club scene, I would go every.single.day.

Truly one the best BBQ places in greater Phoenix.  My mouth is watering as I'm thinking about the Hog Heaven special.  In fact, my puppies mouths are watering too.  Decent prices, giant selection.  One of those places where the early cowboys of the SW would appreciate.  
 
If you are a cracker family, I suggest going super early, like super early bird special early , like when the snow birds come out for the senior special early, because after dusk, the whole place transforms into a pulsating super loud, super dicey Mexican Dance Club, and the blue hairs are sure to have a coronary attack after indulging in such a  lipid laden meal as they attempt to make their way out of the Club.  
 
Ah the sacrifice for decent BBQ...."
"Good food, good staff, and those little doughnut holes...YUM!"
"The St. Louis ribs were amazing, and the corn bread is to die for."
Excited to get this far north west and try some good bbq eats on this part of town. However the brisket was very dry & overall disappointing. Loved the staff experience and homemade desert donuts they provided.
"Bobby Q has the best bbq food. It will not disappoint you.

It is in a tricky location and is somewhat confusing to get to, but, when you get there, there is plenty of parking and the food is so good. The mac and cheese, potato soup, mash potatoes, ribs, salmon, and bbq hamburger are my favorites.. 

The place is pretty dark inside and it has a nice dinner atmosphere.

If you haven't tried Bobby Q's and you are in the mood for some real slow cooked bbq, give Bobby Q's a try."
"Awesome restaurant the food was outstanding, service was fantastic. I have been there several times and would definitely recommend it to anyone. Great place to take that special someone to or Celebration get togethers. I Will absolutely be back. Don't forget your bag of donuts before you leave.. If you don't want them I will take them."
"It was OK.  But sub par to a home smoker.  I could hardly tell the difference between the ribs, pulled pork, brisket or chicken.  Overly flavored and over smoked. 
  But their ribs are better than the Texas road kill."
"Definitely a great dinner spot to hit up if you're visiting Phoenix. As all the reviews said -- food was amazing and service was excellent! For a group of 7 we got Hog Heaven, extra order of fries and Saint Louis Ribs. Loved the complimentary corn bread and donuts! They kept your drinks refilled and best thing is after you order the food is served shortly after you devour the delicious corn bread. Their sangria and ale were also worth trying :)"
"Some of the best pulled pork I have had in life, let alone in the Phoenix valley. My waiter- Kody was fantastic and and the meat was the perfect amount of smokey sweetness! I highly recommend this to anyone who is a BBQ fan. Side note- they gave us freshly made mini donuts as we left- I mean- come on!"
"Good damn, that was a good eat and awesome service, too! Will be back for sure."
"Jack was an excellent server. Being that we were first-timers at Bobby-Qs, he was very thorough and was very attentive. I had the filet, while the rest of the family had brisket and pulled pork. One word to describe ... DELICIOUS!  And the hot cinnamon sugar donuts when we got our bill topped off our great meal. Will be back again!  Be sure to check-in on Yelp to get a discount on your bill at check out too!"
"The server we had was by far the best server ever. This guy was on his game. Then we had a manager stop by for a quality check up. It wasn't over the top but just nice that they cared to follow up. I had a beef brisket sandwhich with a 22oz Fresh Squeezed IPA and my brother had a pulled look sanwhich with coleslaw and sweet tea. They served warm complementary cornbread with butter and finished the meal with cinnamon mini donuts. My beef brisket sandwhich was moist and cooked well. The bun was the sugary white bread and not totally unique (not 5star) but still tasted good. There is better BBQ but this was a good lunch. I will say, my brother remarked that the price seemed a bit high but I think this is pretty standard for most BBQ spots. The server we had was spot on. I wish I knew his name. I'd recommend this guy move to fine dinning and that Bobby's holds on to him. You'll notice him from other establishments. This is the waiter that cares."
"Well deserved high rating!

Like:
Brisket - soft & juicy, smoked for 18 hours!
Rotisserie chicken
Mashed potatoes
Baked potato
Pale Ale craft brew
Ambiance 
Customer service

Wish:
More craft beer selection (porters, stouts)"
"2 words: MIND. BLOWN. Yes I said it. From their Cajun shrimp w/ toast to their BBQ rolls to their ribs, brisket, and sausage to their mini cinnamon donuts.. Bobby Q's knows how to do it right! Best BBQ hands down. If u don't stop here on your adventures through AZ.. all I can say is . The restaurant has a very comforting, family vibe and the smells when we walked in through the door we're a good sign of things to come.. Everything we ordered had a wonderful texture and their meat was fall off the bone good. I also love their spicy BBQ sauce. Our waitress was great. Parking is plentiful but there is a wait during peak dining times."
One of my favorite places to eat some good barbeque. This place has been there for years. The staff is very nice and professional. Friday nights turn into a club and well you just can't go wrong..
"This is a neat place to take out of towners.  It's off I-17 but very out of the way and dumpy looking from the outside.  Then, surprise - it IS open!  

We tried the whole hog heaven which was plenty for 4 people.  We got the St Louis ribs and baby back ribs - both delicious and saucy.  We also got the hot links and beef brisket.  I wasn't a fan of the hot links.  The beef brisket was slightly dry but with a bit of sauce it was quite delicious.  

We also got corn and macaroni and cheese as sides.  I wouldn't recommend the corn - its very buttery and overcooked.  Mac and cheese was better, but mostly because its nice against the salty meats.

We also started with the Q-rolls(?) which was beef rolled in pastry material.  The sauce it comes with made it quite tasty as well.

All in all, if you're looking for a nice, sit-down bbq restaurant in Phoenix, this one's hard to beat!"
"This was amazing BBQ! The brisket had great flavor and was tender and moist. The ""smoasted"" chicken was the same!  And you get fresh donuts at the end."
"I'm out on a girls vacation in Phoenix and my friend recommended this joint. 

This place has the absolute BEST BBQ I've ever had!!!!  Everything was great from the complimentary corn bread to the complimentary FRESH BAKED donuts they give you as you leave. I ordered the baby back ribs and catfish plate. It came with a baked potato and I requested Mac and chew and grilled corn as my sides. I also had a bottomless frosted lemonade to drink. 

I was so satisfied!!!  Mostly because I have plenty leftovers for dinner."
"Chicken quesadilla and the pulled chicken sandwich are good here. While I prefer Pork on a Fork to Bobby Q's, this is a pretty good place to get your BBQ fix."
"This is a great place,  there is no way you will add this place to your least favorite list, the service is amazing and the food is super, this place even has a ceiling that looks like a chocolate wrapper! You will be amazed. cornbread is a great appetizer choice, and you can even get donuts as a dessert! I got a barbecue chicken sandwich with no sauce, and it was awesome!"
"O.M.G.!!!!!!  My mouth is drooling just typing this review.  

Back home (San Diego), the best bbq place to dine at is Phil's BBQ.  This place is 100 times better than Phil's.  We ordered the ""Whole Hog Heaven"" and it was plenty for two.  Their pulled chicked, brisket, ribs and beef ribs are delicious and came with 3 sides.  The Mac N Cheese (Yummy), the beans (Tasty) and the roasted corn (excellent) were a hit.  

When I go back to AZ, I will MAKE sure to come back to visit Bobby Q.   Trust me...You will NOT be disappointed."
We had a wonderful absolutely delicious dinner here tonight - not to be surpassed by our exceptional server Christin. Thank you for taking such good care of us Californians.
I am visiting from Portland Oregon and this is the best BBQ I have ever been to!  I love the roasted corn along with the St. Louis ribs. :)
"We recently went there to celebrate a birthday. The beef brisket melts in your mouth. The roasted corn was delicious and the other barbecued meats (chicken, baby backs and beef ribs) were simply the best.

The desserts were very good too. The only downside was I lapsed into a food coma.

Our waiter Jason went above and beyond great customer service."
"Hands down one of the best bbq joints in Arizona, if not the entire south west! Friendly fast service, always tender and perfectly smoked meats, and fantastic drinks. Fair warning. This place is always busy. Make sure to reserve a table on open table to skip the wait."
"this place was ON POINT!

server was awesome! we had the brisket, baby back, st louis ribs, sausage, grilled veggies, coleslaw and bread pudding! nothing bad to say about anything. everything had fabulous flavor, grear taste, good smoke, high quality and a LOT of love! when i come back to PHX i want to try the baked potato.  plenty of parking in the back and this place has excellent prices!

keep it up guys!!!"
"Awesomeee food..!! We come here often and can't get enough.

The staff are super friendly, they have both indoor and outdoor seating with a warm ambiance. 

Must visit if you are just passing through Phoenix."
"I love this place.  Ive been coming here since it was Bobby Mcgees, but now I can't go home after work without coming to my favorite spot to have ""supper.""  The very best thing about this place is not only the awesome food (in all these years I've NEVER had a bad meal) but the people who work here.  Ciara, Anthony and Jo are AMAZING.  You'd be hard pressed to find a spot like this where the minute you walk in, they are waiting for you and remember what you drink; it's like being at home, only better.  I suggest the smokehouse burger (heaven in your mouth) and the brisket and filet mignon, all incredible.  IF for some reason your meat isn't cooked as you like it, they make it right, no questions.  In the many years I've been coming here I have NEVER met a rude server/bartender.  Ciara knows her way around the bar and can handle it when ya three people deep with such sweet charm as she explains your ""supper"" options.  Anthony knows what you drink and if he's having a bad day you'll never know it.  Jo is just plain sweet but when it comes to her customers, you are top priority.  Word of advice, anyone can go down the street to Texas Roadhouse and watch a bunch of fools dancing on peanut shells and screaming at you over the horrible music, I come here because of the food, but mostly because of the incredible servers.  Don't screw them on their well deserved tips, they work VERY hard to please everyone here.  Belly up to the bar, or grab a cozy booth, either way you'll leave pleasantly full and happy."
"A Great place to meet out of town family, have delicious food and Ice Cold beer & BBQ."
"Two weeks ago my wife and I ate at Bobby Q's. This place is awesome. It was the second time we have eaten there and it just gets better all the time. I wish I could remember the waiters name the first time I went because he was amazing. This last time we went our waiters name was Austin, he was just as amazing as our first waiter. Austin seemed to just go out of his way to ensure our dining experience was top notch. Not only did Austin make sure we were taken care of but so did the runners and the manager Whose name is Jack. I digress a bit raving about the wait staff, it's just I can't remember a time that I have had such service at this high of caliber. Austin and Jack as well as the rest, you guys rock!!!
Now on to the food. We had the ribs, my wife had the beef ribs and I had the pork ribs. We both had the wedge salad. This was some of the best bbq I have had. My wife loved it and raves about it as well. The meat was so tender it practically fell off the bone. The sauces were so tasty and I was able to try different ones. Whenever we go down to Phoenix from Prescott Valley we want to make Bobby Qs a stop along the way. It's just to good to pass up."
"Not just a dinner but an experience!

Just got back from Texas and had a ton of bbq.  Then I took my wife out for bbq and steak.  To my surprise it was some of the best bbq I've ever had.  Super tender ribs where the meat falls off and packed full of flavor.  Hands down some of the best bbq i've ever had.  My wife loved her steak.  We went to a high end steak house in Scottsdale and it easily beat it out with its flavor and tender cut.  I now recommend it as a must stop for great foot.  The service was phenomenal too.  I had mojito's which were so delicious and they didn't skimp on the alcohol.  Thanks Bobby Q for an awesome dinner experience."
"Wow!
I will now compare every barbeque to this place. I got the brisket sandwich and it was amazing. Everything was good.
I grew up in phoenix and this place use to be a cool restraunt called Bobby McGees, so i went here to see how it changed and wow! :-)"
"There are two things that I am certain of right now.  
1.  The huge mega fight this weekend is a hoax.  
2.  Bobby Q is the REAL DEAL for the style of BBQ it is.  I have eaten at BBQ all over the USA.  I know there are different types for each different region too. This place is very fantastic.  

The cute server Megan did a fantastic job explaining the menu.  She was on top of the drinks and asked us if we needed anything at the right time is seemed.  Very happy with the Megan.  Great job kiddo.

The food was really good.  I am not sure if Bobby Q is a certain style.  I have to research that a bit.  We ordered some little rolls that reminded me of taquitos and some onion thing too.  The onion thing was good.  The little rolls were out of this world.  They came with a BBQ sauce and a chipotle sauce too.  There were six and that was perfect for the three of us.  

We ordered a platter that Megan explained to us.   The platter came with two types of ribs, pulled pork and brisket.  I got the side of veggies.  The others got beans and mac and cheese.  I requested a vinegar base BBQ sauce because that is what I love.  The other guys got a molasses based sauce.  

Food tasting time.  I sampled the brisket first and holly f n sugar jiminy Christmas batman.  That brisket was very good.  I moved on to sample both of the ribs styles we ordered and they were awesome.  Falling off the bone.  The pulled pork was great with my vinegar based sauce too.  The cornbread was really good too. 

The meal was really good.  I am impressed and can not believed I lived close to this place and never tried it.  I like this place and recommend it to anyone.  Please remember food is subjective and likes are different.  We have seen a good boom over the last handful of years in BBQ here.  They are all different styles too.  Texas style, Memphis style and so on.  Like I said give this place a try.

Bring wet naps or ask for some.  You will need them."
The food is pretty good I love the ribs and the beads are pretty pretty pretty good love to here when I can afford it
"I came back here for a date night with my wife. Call it an early valentine's day.  We made a reservation and we're seated quickly. 
The ambiance was loud but I expected that from how busy they were.
We started with the Cajun shrimp. They were delicious.  Perfectly seasoned with just a bit of bite.
My wife had the sirloin with baked potatoe and grilled veggies. She thoroughly enjoyed it. 
I had the 3 meat combo with brisket,  pulled pork,  baby back ribs, baked potatoe and roasted corn. The corn tasted just like it came off a grill. The potatoe was delicious and it was gone before I started on the meat. The meat was perfect.  A little more sauce would have been nice but it was great.
The service this time around was much better."
"Reservations - Open Table but not needed.

Service - Really nice.

Food - Good but not freakin amazing.
1. Baby Back Ribs - Very tender and meaty.
2. Brisket - Very very good.  Fatty, tender and flavorful.
3. Pulled Pork - Awful and dry.
4. Cornbread - Decent
5. Mac and Cheese - I like mine a little more dry so this was great.
6. Pecan Coleslaw - Boring
7. Potato Salad - Really good
8. Donuts - Nice extra touch."
"This BBQ is amazing!  The ambiance is welcoming and the staff is very friendly.  Very impressed when the manager makes table visits to ensure everyone is happy.  The food is priced fairly in comparison to portion size and quality.  Ordered the Baby Back Ribs and the meet just fell off of the bone!  Delicious smoke flavor, great BBQ sauce and wonderful grilled vegetables.  The food was hot when served and our server checked back within a reasonable time after being served.  I highly recommend this restaurant to those who are looking for great food and an awesome experience!  And as I am finishing up my review our server brings these warm to die for donuts as a night cap.....O-M-G!!!"
"I am not a bit BBQ fan but this place is fantastic! I didnt want to go here but my friends talked me into it. I am very surpised that I loved the food. The whole place smells amazing. Everything I have ever ate here tastes delicious. They even give you little donuts before you leave. 
Friday nights they have a buffet and a DJ and music to dance to for happy hour."
"I was really concerned when we drove up and couldn't smell any BBQ smells. That is always a bad omen. 
Let's break down the good points, first. Very nice staff and clean restaurant. I would roll around naked in their cornbread and ask to be buried with the mac & cheese. The meat preparation of the ribs and the pulled pork was really nice.
However.
The sauce sucks. Both the regular and the spicy are thin and lack flavor. You can taste the ketchup in the sauce and little else. The onion brick was cold and greasy and the shoestring fries were limp and flavorless. This is the first time my husband has been to a bbq place and not basically licked his plate clean. He left over half of his brisket sandwich. Unheard of. 
The meal was pricey and mediocre. This is far from the best bbq."
"I really usually enjoy going here for a bite & on this review I woulda loved to say that I did, but upon being seated & despite business being light, we didn't get served. We asked for service & nothing happened, but you know how they say things happen for a reason so upon leaving we went to Red Thai at 12th st & Northern. Absolutely delicious & service was wonderful. Thank you!"
"Called in for take out, they said be there in 15 min, waited 45 min in their sweaty kitchen and then got a whole $5 coupon!!!  Thanks!!!!"
"Fall of the bone juicy, tender, well seasoned, and nice waitress at our table,  pretty much summed up or night. 

Ordered hog heaven, thinking it would be sufficient for 2 people - - easily could've fed 4. The meat separated from the bone so well that we skipped the knives. We might even have skipped the fork too because it was quite delicious. The most memorable part was the corn bread. I normally hate corn bread because it's like rolled up dust balls sprinkle with corn essence. Not the ones here. This page turned me into a believer of corn bread and the Arizona charm. 

Baby back, St Louis, pulled pork and chicken ranked from favourite to least favorite. Chicken was bland and feels similar to what I would get at Costco. Pulled pork was soft and moist, but the essence came from the BBQ sauce. The ribs though. You can't go wrong with the ribs."
How can this place be out of beef ribs? They should be well stocked. Also phone ordering service is sub par.
"Favorite part you get fresh made donuts at the end , they have leveled up the food experience to a whole new level !!"
Went for the first time tonight and the service and food were AMAZING.!!!  Our waiter Hal was outstanding.  Would come back in a heartbeat.
"Great food, good service. Check out the Saturday Steak and Crab special, it is yummy. I really love the roasted corn."
One of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to. My friend and I both ordered the Whole Hog Heaven which we probably should have just split. Large portion of food that left us full without completely draining our wallets. The complimentary mini donuts at the end of the meal were a nice surprise.
"Best bbq ever. I had the combo plate of baby back ribs and catfish. This was plenty of food to share. I'm not a catfish connoisseur so I found it kind of bland but the ribs were amazing. Best I have ever had. The Mac and cheese side and the cornbread was awesome too. The atmosphere is great and service was excellent. 

Also as a side note if you go to the lounge side on Friday nights they have a free buffet with 2 drink purchase. Not as extravagant food as the restaurant but the price is a great deal."
"I love BBQ and this place doesn't dissapoint (except for the mac n cheese, tasted like box mac n cheese). Brisket was super tender, ribs fell off the bone, chicken was solid (we got the hog heaven). Try the Q rolls....and try to grab some extra donuts at the end (they're free, like mints)."
"Recently came to Bobby Q's and it was great from top to bottom! I'd been to the Q Bar plenty in my younger years but never the restaurant attached and boy have I been missing out!

The service was fantastic- it was packed but we waited half the time we were told. They have a great outdoor seating area with lots of shade and indoor waiting as well. Our server Jessica (in the bar area) was really great! Super friendly, kept our drinks full, our table cleared of unwanted dishes, personable, great with our three year old and just all around a great server. 

The food was phenomenal! We had the BBQ pulled pork, chicken, and 3 kinds of ribs. All were fantastic but the pulled pork and ribs were melt off the bone delicious! The complimentary cornbread and sugar donuts are not only a nice touch but we're really yummy and a fabulous way to start and end the meal! The coleslaw and Mac n cheese are also worth mentioning as they were very good too! If you have room for desert the Death by chocolate is also worth it, so much that if you can squeeze anymore food in take one to go! You won't regret it!"
"I have been twice since I last wrote a review and can find no excuse for not adding the 4th star.  I went for a Yelp UYE dinner and had a half rack of St Louis ribs with cole slaw and mac and cheese.  Last night I was there in a party of four and had the Smokehouse burger.  That is one of the best $10 burgers I have ever had.  The bun doesn't really hold up well so if you put it down you will end up finishing it with a fork.  Around the table there were ribs, steak and pulled pork.  It was my choice of restaurant and everybody loved their food!  One of our party ordered a Mojito and was told they don't make those there but other than that the drinks were fine.  I have now sampled 3 of their desserts, I didn't care much for the peach cobbler but the banana cream and the chocolate over dose were really good."
"Amazing. Best food in Phoenix by far. We came for lunch with no expectations and were blown away. We ordered the brisket appetizer, two choices of ribs, the brisket entree, and Mac and cheese. Everything was incredible we left completely full but still wishing we could've eaten more. We will definitely be back."
I have been to many a bbq spot and Bobby Q is at the top. Here on vacation with family and everything we tried was soo good! Have to get the Q rolls to begin. Pulled pork and chicken....top shelf. Brisket melt in your mouth and bbq burger was so tasty (close to my favorite Hodads!). Cornbread as good as anywhere. Way to go Bobby Q!!
"We had a set reservation for 3:45PM on Mother's Day. As you can imagine, it was quite busy with families celebrating Mother's Day, so we were thankful that they took reservations.

They do request a 15 minute grace period to seat you after your set time, which was told to us when we called to reserve a table a few days prior. We arrived and checked in. We checked with the hostess at 3:45 and she reminded us of the grace period. We waited and waited...30 minutes later, we checked again and we're told we were coming up on the list. After another 20 minutes, we checked again only to be told they ""forgot"" about us and then seated us immediately.

The manager, Laura, came to the table to apologize for their mistake. She was the BEST! She was friendly, sincere, and assured us that she would take care of some of our bill due to their mistake. 

The waitress was great, food was beyond delicious, and even another manager stopped by the table to see if things were all good. We got the bill and our appetizer was taken off. We paid, tipped and left the restaurant.

We were in the parking lot when Laura chased us down to talk about our bill. She said it wasn't taken care of enough to make up for the inconvenience we experienced when we arrived. She voided the charge and gave us a great discount. We were shocked and so grateful for the exceptional customer service displayed by Laura and her staff. Thank you for making our Mother's Day dinner great!!"
"1st time there... odds are it will be the last.  Ordered the BBQ pork and BBQ brisket sandwiches... couldn't taste the difference between the two.  the meat was tender but lacked flavor. 

The mac n cheese was just like store bought Velveta... nothing special... nothing great. 

The pickle was good...  tea wasn't bad. 

The peach cobbler... the crust tasted like it had onion powder in it.. really off putting. 

So... it was edible.. but.. it wasn't cracked up to what I thought the place was going to be after reading all the wonderful reviews.  Nice atmosphere... but... the BBQ wasn't anything special.  there are several smaller BBQ places around Phoenix which are much better.  Sadly... even Famous Dave's was better than this place IMO. 

So... 1 1/2 -2 stars....  I had much better. 

Hatch"
"Get the Ribs! So while visiting Phoenix on business our group of 7 hungry diners wanted something substantial and memorable for our out of town experience. BOBBY'Qs, did not disappoint. I had originally ordered the brisket, but due to an error from the kitchen I ended up with ribs. The only regret I have now is I live so far from Phoenix. Nothing will compare. And I consider myself a rib aficionado. ""Hunter"" our server was knowledgeable, efficient and attentive. He told us the brisket  meat was cooked 22 hours. I tried my friends, and it was delicious. Even the side dishes were noteworthy. My favorite was the potato salad. A bit on the creamy side, but just the way I like it. Not an inexpensive dinner, but one that you won't soon forget. I can taste it now.l as I write this."
"One line: Excellent Steak and BBQ Ribs, good portions, MUST GET the Mac N Cheese!

Bobby Qs is one of the best BBQ joints that I've eaten at. 

Reservations: Open Table or you can call in. We were running late b/c of the 101 closure so we called in and they were willing to push our reservation back for us. 

Parking: Two private lots. They even have a guy standing outside to direct you to the second lot if the main lot is getting full. 

Drinks
Ordered the Bobby Q seasonal draft beer and my friend ordered a drink the waiter recommended: some mixed drink that came in a pineapple. Both were good. My friend really enjoyed the novelty of the pineapple. 

Food - Both Entrees 5 Stars
We ordered the two ribs combo and chose St. Louis and Baby Back ribs. The meat on both was fall off the bone tender. I think I prefer the St. Louis ribs though. They seemed to have a little bit more flavor. The spicy and regular BBQ sauce that they served on the side was excellent for dipping the meat in. 

We also ordered a 14 oz. ribeye steak. The aged steak was also really tender.. the kind of melts in your mouth deliciousness. They didn't season it with very much so it is an excellent steak if you enjoy the unadultered taste of meat. The quality of meat here is indisputably excellent. 

Sides:
Mac N Cheese(5*)- MUST GET! The cheese was unbelievably creamy. I'd recommend that everybody choose this for one of their sides... so good that you really don't want to share. 
Shoestring fries (4*)- good crisp fries to dip in the bbq sauce
Roasted corn (3*) - my friend really liked the roasted corn.. i thought it was just roasted corn.
Mashed potatoes (2*)- tasted a little too processed, too smoothed... I think I would have liked a little gravy but at the same time it was too salty and galicy.   


Service: (4-5*) Just the right amount of attention. 
Our server Daniel was really attentive and had some good recommendations, e.g. the drinks and mac n cheese. They were also pretty good about keeping the water glasses full. I guess part of the goal of the restaurant is to have the manager visit each table... which she did. It was very brief but I guess it shows an extra level of service?  I'd also say the service was excellent b/c I forgot my hat and they set it aside for me at the hostess area to be picked up the next day.

Little weird: On the check the pre-calculated/recommended  tip amounts were 18%, 18%, and 20%. I just found it odd that they didn't include the 15% mark and they included 18% twice. 
 
This place is a little pricer... but well worth it if you got the cash. 

P.S. Apparently there is some club/lounge in the actual restaurant. The decor, candle lighting and everything was right... the only detraction was the loud music and bass that could be heard through the wall. It wasn't unbearable but if you're here on a nice date you might want to request to be seated away towards the left side of the dining room."
"The service was amazing!! We tried two appetizers, the Q rolls and then the artichoke queso dip and both of those were amazing. Everyone's food was great and the Mac n cheese was so good. All in all, definitely a place to stop by if you are in Phoenix!!!"
"What a great find on a Friday night... great BBQ and amazing southern charm and hospitality. Complimentary corn bread to start and cinnamon mini donut in a little paperbag to go! And, the BBQ was good!!"
Best BBQ I've ever had so far. We did the triple combo with baby back ribs and beef ribs and brisket. All super tasty. Meats are tender and juicy. And they were so sweet they split the triple combo in two plates for us with a lot of fries on each plate. Cornbread is very soft and good as well except that the butter tastes a little bit different.
One of the best places I have ever eaten. Definitely a place where you want to stop for awesome bbq fix. Excellent service. Warning: pork ribs will melt in your mouth. staff meet you with courtesy. Excellent outdoor place for good eating and socializing. The best recipe for a great night sleep!
"Every single time I come here, it's a fantastic experience. My boyfriend and I make it a point to take our family and friends here when they come to visit Phoenix. The venue is so charming and the staff is always friendly. If you have any issues, they are always very quick to make it right. Plus, their food is out of this world! The Q rolls are a perfect appetizer and their meats are great! Definitely a must try if you're visiting Phoenix."
Any restaurant that gives you complimentary cinnamon donuts when you leave gets 5 stars in my book! The food is delicious too- great service and atmosphere. This is the second time I have been here and will definitely be back
"I was born and raised in Texas, so I have been searching for good barbeque in Arizona since I got here a couple years ago.  This place is the real deal, and SO much better than the crappy chains like Dickey's.

I came in for lunch last week and got a cup of the ham and bean soup to start with.  It was yummy!  Delicious broth, plenty of thinly sliced ham.  I also ordered the sampler lunch of baby back ribs, barbeque chicken, and spicy sausage, with a baked potato as the side.  The ribs were heavenly, I didn't even bother to pick them up because the meat just fell right off the bone so I used a fork.  Perfect with zero gristle.  The sausage was pretty good, a little dry but nothing to frown about.  The chicken was okay, but barbeque chicken isn't really my thing, I only ordered it for variety because I didn't want three pork dishes.  The corn bread that comes on the side is pretty good, it's very light, somewhat sweet and falls apart as you pick it up.  The baked potato was alright.

Coming for lunch here is definitely the better deal,  the three meat sampler was maybe $12 (sorry I can't remember for sure) and came with one side plus cornbread.  The three meat sampler at dinner is $21 with the same amount of food except you get an extra side.  Pretty criminal if you ask me.  So even though the bartenders at dinner are really lovely, I'd rather come in for lunch and pay half the price for the same amount of food.

As a bonus they also give you a paper bag of fresh mini cinnamon-sugar donuts with the check, although good luck finding room for them!"
"It sucks that we don't have a Bobby Q where I'm from because this place was spectacular. The food was amazing, great/friendly staff, free dessert, plus complimentary mini donuts!!! Our waitress, Nicole, was super. Highly recommend!"
Great Bque in Phoenix! My friend and I stopped in Sedona for barbecue ribs and it was a total disappointment! So we were a bit hesitant on going to Bobby Q for dinner. The service was great! The ribs were just on point! Great food and ambience! Loved the pineapple splash!
"This is the absolute best place to eat in the Phoenix area.  Owensboro Kentucky boasts great barbecue but this restaurant surpasses the flavors that I enjoyed as a resident of Kentucky for 59 years.  Great selections, attentive wait staff, and pleasant atmosphere are the attributes that keep us visiting this wonderful place.  The meat selections are varied and cooked to perfection.  Side items are exceptional.  From the cornbread to the finishing touch of freshly made cinnamon donuts, you will never be disappointed with your dining experience.

Carla R. , Buckeye AZ"
"Food is great, prices are not. Bobby Q's offers some delicious BBQ. Brisket, chicken, ribs, sausage, ALL delicious! However, I think it can be a little pricey around $15-20 a person with a non alcoholic drink. Waitresses are beautiful and friendly. It really is great BBQ though if you are willing to spring for it. Warning: Thurs nights are hip hop nights. It attracts a mixed crowd, and a lot of ghetto crowd. The restaurant does a good job of keeping them behaved though."
"The food was very good. We had the ""Whole Hog"" split between four people and the meat was more than enough. The sides are small portions, probably the amount one person would get for meal. I did not like the ""St. Louis"" ribs they were a bit dry for my taste; however, my brother and dad said they were ""ok."" The Baby Back ribs were delicious, they fell right off the bone and were moist. The brisket was also much better than the St. Louis ribs. They charge extra to get bread to use with the pulled pork."
"Awesome place!

Love the service and the food. Nice atmosphere as well.
the corn bread has to be my favorite thing! best pulled pork sandwiches.. MMM!
the manager always intrudeces her/him (theres 2) and make us feel welcomened."
"BE CAREFUL OF YOUR CREDIT CARD, we had food there and we paid, left the restaurant and remembered that we did not get our credit card, went back to the restaurant, I showed the front desk girl where we were seated, she went and ask the waiter and said we don't have your credit card!!!!
I asked another girl who was very nice and she said I will help you find it and came back with the credit card.
I asked the front desk girl, did you check yourself? Did the waiter check before telling me you don't have it? She had no answer..."
"I have been to a lot of BBQ places and this is gotta be the best. Highly recommend this bbq, you wont be disappointed. Good cornbread, and meats were tender and smoked to perfection (we had the baby back ribs and brisket). Good max and cheese and the mashed potatoes were very tasty. 
Service was great and food was literally on the table 5 minuets after we ordered.
Cant wait to go back and try some more."
Between my family of 7 we got a variety of dishes. Top sirloin was tasty. Ribs fell off the bone and had a little kick to them. However the kick was a bit too much for our kids. But the staff made it right immediately. The food was 5 star but the staff was 10 star. Thank you Jack and Taylor for being amazing at what you do.
"I literally left Bobby Q's last night thinking, I need to bring anyone and everyone I know from out of town here when they visit us.  Here's why:

Almost immediately after seating us at the booth at the bar (the wait was 50 minutes for a table vs immediate for the bar), the waitress showed up to greet us and get our drinks, and soon after brought us their oh-so-delicious cornbread.  We were set on the Whole Hog Heaven, which was a choice of 4 meats and 3 sides, but seeing that it was only me and my boyfriend. our waitress (I feel terrible for not remembering her name) suggested the Sunday special called the Family Platter which was for $33, you get a little less meat than the Whole Hog, 4 pre-chosen meats: chicken, brisket, pulled pork, and baby back ribs, and 2 sides.

Less than 10 minutes after placing our order, our food was here with an extra helping of spicy BBQ sauce.  It was marvelous.  The mac and cheese was the creamiest, cheesiest, most delicious mac and cheese my 10 year old self could ever ask for.  The shoestring fries were miserably thin, but I'm just biased being a fan of steak fries.  The brisket simply melts in your mouth.  The pulled pork does too, but only as much as pulled pork can.  The chicken was a lot better than I expected and I hate ordering BBQ chicken.  Oh but those ribs, the meat just fell right off the bone.  We were starving walking in, but stuffed after polishing off everything but the ribs.  My boyfriend, who had every intention of eating all of it right there and then, took a bite of the ribs, announced that we were going to take it home.  It was that good.  And that much food.  My only regret was not getting more cornbread.  But I can't really blame them for not offering considering how quickly they brought us that sheer amount of food.

In a nutshell, great, quick, and very accommodating service (the couple next to us wanted rotisserie chicken without any BBQ sauce.  Baffling, I know), delicious food, and tons of it!  But be sure to make a reservation.  Oh, and have I mentioned those cinnamon-dusted donut bites?  Bobby Q, you've ruined me forever.  I used to be very content with my after-dinner mints but now I'm going to have to demand donut bites everywhere I go."
"The service at this place is awesome! I've been here a few times for lunch and dinner and every time I come here I've always enjoyed the service. 

This place have the best BBQ by far in the Phoenix area!! The cornbread is excellent and I don't even have to mention the award winning Mac and cheese!!  

If you looking for a place to bring your family, friends, or significant other this is a nice place for a date or family gathering!"
"Bobby Q's has the BEST ribs ever!! I believe they cook them for close to 20 hours so when you get them they are super tender. Once you taste their ribs, you will only come here for ribs. Service is always good! I have nothing but good things to say about this place!"
"Great food, fantastic service (thanks Kristi M).  The weekly special prime rib sandwich is worth the wait!  Great BBQ chicken, too."
"This place has amazing atmosphere for a BBQ place. The meat is fabulous and the BBQ sauce even better. Service was fantastic and the manager was out greeting guests. This place stays true to the over 1000 reviews and four and a half stars. 

We will bring everyone we know here!!"
"happy hour friday 4:30-8 can be a full crowd with no parking, park at carrington college! The free buffet at the q lounge is amazing prime rib, shrimp, tacos, nachos so good and bbq chicken will be going back friday with some friends!"
Husband and I came here for a date night and we had such an amazing server. I usually write down their names if the service is really great or is really bad but I didn't this time. I wish I would of! This server was on point and recommended some of the best dishes! We had lots of BBQ that was delicious. The ribs definitely were the best! One of my favorite reasons for coming to Bobby qs is the donuts for dessert.
Food excellent smoke house burger is my favorite sides of sweet potato fries & or macaroni & cheese save ur cholesterol counting for another day or place. Cheese cake for dessert
"The owner treated my group like shit, got discriminated and profiled twice. NEVER AGAIN."
"Awesome service from the waitress. Drinks just kept coming with out having to notify them. Awesome hot food, I ordered the catfish with mac n cheese with a loaded baked potato. The fish was nicely battered and tasted AWESOME!"
"Originally, we weren't planning to go here, but as we kept on passing it by from other places to our hotel, I yelped it see what their rating was. It surprised the hell out of me to find out they averaged 4.5 stars. Now, me and Kathy are huge BBQ fans and wanted to balance out our weekend with a meat splurge. We decided dinner was going to be how it was going down...

Again, the stoopid Google Maps app fails us again and has us feeling our way to Bobby Q. We finally get there and got sat down immediately. We got served a basket of cornbread that looked like hockey pucks. There was a crunchy texture on the outside, while the inside was moist and fluffy. It was spectacular, but don't fill up on them, unless you are on a diet and weren't ordering anything else. I'm usually skeptical of ordering brisket, unless I know there was some Texas affiliation. Lots of the Yelpers raved about the brisket and when the waitress recommended it, it was a no brainer. What was difficult was what else to order.

We settled on the the Whole Hog Heaven, after much debate between me and Kathy and interrogation of the waitress. The Whole Hog Heaven is their best feast where you can choose 2 BBQ meats and 2 pit ribs types, plus 3 sides. We went with brisket, smoked sausage for the meats and St Louis ribs and Texas beef ribs. For the sides, we ordered the mac n cheese, roasted corn and shoestring fries.

First off the bat, the brisket was as good as advertised by Yelpers (thanks, y'all) and our waitress. Juicy, moist and tender with a smoke crust gives the brisket an unforgettable experience. Another winner was the St. Louis ribs. It literally fell off the bone and was oh so tender. The sausage was good, but not outstanding and the beef rib was also just acceptable. Against the waitress' suggestion for their ""smoasted"" chicken, I do think I will try the smoked roasted chicken and the baby backs next time. All of the sides were tasty, but the stars were the brisket and St. Louis ribs.

To top off a grand BBQ evening, we were given a brown paper sack of mini donuts that were sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. That's a nice touch. Overall, I give Bobby Q a solid 4 stars on the basis of the brisket. You can have a brisket sandwich and die happily, and yes, its that good! The service was good and the food came out fast. 

I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu. There was a couple next to me,  who ordered enough for a small army. The guy raved about how the Southern Fried Chicken was the best he had ever had. The dude looked like a food heavyweight, so he must have had a few country fried chicken in his lifetime, so I'm adding that to the list.

Until next time, BBQ compadres..."
I miss you everyday Bobby Q. I wish you were in riverside. Arizona is so far away but anytime I'm there you're my first stop. Never change.
You and your family should stop if you are looking for a quality meal.  Their BBQ brisket was the best I've ever had. Our server Jessica was very kind and attentive. At the end of the meal they gave us wonderful donuts.
"According to Tripadvisor Bobby Q is the Highest Rated BBQ in Arizona. Bobby Q is a very large old fashioned looking restaurant. I don't know how old it is but to me it looks a hundred years old with Giant Old Trees shading the parking lot. As you walk in you do get hit with an aromatic BBQ aroma. 

We were quickly seated and our server gave us a fast run down on Bobby Q. We learned that everything is made in house and the meats are smoked with mesquite wood. They also start everybody out with what I recognize as Johnny Cakes with soft whipped butter.

I had the BBQ Pulled Chicken Sandwich with Pecan Cole Slaw. The Chicken was falling apart tender and laced with sweetness but not too much. A small amount of skinny fried onions were added to my sandwich on a soft grilled roll. The coleslaw was drip free and fresh and crunchy.

My husband had a much better value item called the lunch sampler plate with 3 meats and a side. He enjoyed everything. I tried a taste of the brisket and for me it was too succulent and fatty but for my husband who likes fat he thought it was just right. My husband ate the macaroni and cheese I have to say it tasted like processed cheese. I didn't like the macaroni and cheese but I know most people do like this style. My husband liked the beans too he said they were packed with all kinds of meat ends.

When you're all done they present you with a bag of Fresh Made Thank ""Q"" Cinnamon  Sugar Donuts.

Not my stye of BBQ but I still thought it was good and plan to return for dinner."
"This is now the must go to place when we come to Phoenix. We came across this gem last year when we were here for spring training and it was so good we had to come back again this year. The service is the best you can ask for. They are quick,friendly and answer any question you have for them. The food comes out very quick which is great since the smell of the BBQ everywhere has you craving your meal. We got the hog heaven which a sample platter of all the BBQ they have. We picked the ribs,chicken and brisket. All of them were excellent. Our waiter Justin was awesome and he recommend the banana cream pie which was had Bobby Q's twist on it. It was very refreshing and the perfect end to a great meal. Will definitely come back here every time I'm in Phoenix."
The only complaint about this place is I will never be able to eat ribs anywhere else again and be happy. Nirvana for smoked meat. We loved it!!
"Complimentary cornbread and donuts.

Nuff said. 

OK. There's more! Like the Ronco commercial...""But wait, there's MORE!""

We had trouble finding the front door. Looks it's sweltering hot and our brains were in meltdown. We entered the To Go door which is a very tiny room for take out service only. The lovely employee upon hearing our door troubles said we could come behind the counter and enter the dining room. What? We don't have to go outside again? Love her. She led us right to a perfect table and provided us with menus. Great service! Make it happen!

I was surprised and impressed by the upscale decor. Kind of reminded me of the House of Blues in West Hollywood...made to look like a shack from the outside but quite luxurious inside. Nice. 

Our server Kellee was Killer!!! I wanted to snatch her away. Oops, I said snatch. Anyway, the pulled pork sandwich with mac n cheese was Bobby Q perfection as was Rickie's brisket sandwich with shoestring fries...the fries...so so yummy! Sweet tea, actually, well, how do you say...should be called super, really, alotta, sweet tea. Sweeter than Paula Deen's pie. Wait. That didn't sound right. 

Bobby Q. I wuv you! 

P.S. Did I detect a little Velveeta in the mac n cheese? Me thinks so and ME LIKEY!"
Wow! The service was second to none. All of the staff was warm and welcoming and very friendly. We were served by Bryce and Jack the manager were awesome with their banter and customer service. You really feel like you are valued and listened to. The food was amazing! This is easily the best bbq in the state! Everything was cooked perfectly and pairs well with the delicious drinks! I feel bad for vegetarians! Will come back soon!!!!
This is my favorite BBQ place! Better then BBQ in Austin.  The brisket melts in your mouth and the bark is yummy and salty.  To die for! We will be going back for sure when we visit again for next year's baseball spring training! The chicken and sausage were good too.  I really liked the corn. They give you free corn bread while you wait. Austin was a great server.  He made sure we had everything we need and our cups were filled at all times.
"I first walked into this restaurant very unaware of its culture and cuisine. It was the closest restaurant to me when I was working as an intern a couple of years ago and so my roommate and I went one Sunday afternoon. We were quite surprised to come across this quite elegantly themed restaurant amidst a not-so-great neighborhood. The interior of the restaurant has a darker, vintage vibe to it and the outside patio is beautifully lit and adorned with a waterfall and misters for those infamous Phoenix summer days. The food experience was the fun part. We opted to for the Whole Hog which is a selection of three different meats of your choosing and three sides. We had the pulled pork,  the sausage, and the brisket. By far, the sausage there is the best sausage I've ever had. Might I add, prior to them serving our main dish, they bring out complementary corn bread that is second to none. I recommend this restaurant for anyone wanting to impress on a date or any company wanting to host a business meeting."
"Let me start by saying I wish I could give it zero stars. Owners/managers are racist, racist, racist!!  It is blatantly obvious that their ""dress code"" in the lounge is not dependent on what you're wearing but what color your skin is. If you are African American take your money and patronage elsewhere and save yourself the frustration and harassment. 
We have been here dozens of times over the years and have spent thousands of dollars but we're done!!  Their practice is unacceptable. Shame on them!"
"My husband had requested BBQ ribs for our anniversary dinner so I searched yelp and found Bobby Qs. We live in Goodyear so it was a bit of a drive but worth every mile. The cornbread was warm and fresh, we had the Whole hog platter and have enough leftover for at least one more meal. The baby back ribs were melt-in-your-mouth good, the pulled pork and brisket to die for, the grilled corn sweet and buttery.  It is now our new favorite BBQ restaurant. Laura, the manager, was friendly and very warm."
"Service is top notch, the food is incredible and their happy hours just ROCKS! if you want a fun place with a well themed atmosphere and great food, this is the place to go."
I am a huge Bobby Q fan and I have been for years. Recently we had two questionable experiences I took the time out of the day to send them an email. They promptly got back with me the next day and we're very concerned. To rectify the situation I was given $100 gift card. My wife and I went last night and everything was perfect I can't say enough positive things about this restaurant food is excellent service is excellent and for me even the location is excellent highly recommend this place
"Good stuff, I came here yesterday for the first time in a long time.  I used to go to the club here years ago and it was always a good time.  However, I just came in for lunch and ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich which was about $10.  I got a side of spicy BBQ to go with it and man was it awesome.  Service was great, atmosphere is high end for the area with a dark modern look.  I will probably going back but after drink and a tip lunch ran me about $16."
"It's been a long time since we have had some good bbq. We gave this place a try due to the outstanding Yelp reviews. Let me just say...thank you Yelpers! The restaurant itself is large and has a good amount of parking. The inside is very nice with dark lighting for a nice setting. We were there today about 2 o clock so it wasnt too busy but I can vet this place gets packed! They do have a bar and they had a nice fire oven that you could see chickens being roasted through the glass. 

We tried the Q rolls for an appetizer and they were very good with the chipotle ranch dipping sauce. For an entree my wife tried the pulled pork sandwich and I had the sampler with chicken, brisket and ribs. Both dishes came with a side. We tried the mashed potatoes and gravy and the mac n cheese. Both sides were creamy and delicious! The meats in the main dish were very flavorful and the bbq sauce is good. We really enjoyed the corn bread and the donuts they give you for dessert. 

Sawyer was a great server!"
This place was amazing. We ordered their Q rolls and it was so delicious!  We also had their BBQ ribs and it was so tender and fell off the bones. The service here is the best I've ever experienced. Our server was very nice and knowledgeable and very accommodating. Even the manager came over and asked how we liked our food.  They really know how to treat people here. Everything we ordered was amazing and delicious. We will definitely be back...
"This is a fabulous place!! It's one of the best BBQ places me and my hubby have tried in our entire lifetime. Ribs are smokey and just so tender and delish! Wings are damn delicious with a bbq and buffalo sauce! The food was 5 stars and the service was 5+. Eric was really nice, brought our food in a timely manner and was very attentive. Jason, the manager, was greeting guests and made you feel right at home. He offered great suggestions on the menu and made our dining experience just amazing with a free dessert (packed to-go). 

We will definitely drop by this place again. Even fly from Cali just to eat some more yummy BBQs."
"We were visiting in this area of Phoenix looking for a good dinner.  Well, we ended up with an even better dinner than we were looking for.  The atmosphere was great along with a superb wait staff.  The baby back ribs were fantastic along with the sides and peach cobbler.  This was a great choice and we will be coming back next time we are in town."
"Good food, but they messed up our to-go order, they forgot the cornbread and one side, no mac and cheese tonight. How hard is it to put the food in the bag? We probably won't go back, Haps and Joe's Real BBQ are just as good, probably better, and they've never forgotten anything. Too hot to drive back to get the missing things."
Love the side dishes. Always fantastic service. lol I'm mostly vegetarian so for me to go here it would seem like an oxymoron. But I love Bobby Qs.
"This used to be a Bobby McGees, which the waitress will probably tell you its your first time here.Soon after getting settled in, a basket of cornbread, along with soft, whipped butter, landed on the table, & it was incredibly good . We got the breaded fried catfish, and the  baby back ribs which are  my favorite. The food was very tasty and price is pretty average for a combination platter . For our sides we went with the ranch beans, bake potato , and mac n cheese. The sauces My baby back ribs were delicious, but they are too fall off the bone if you get my point. I prefer ribs that still cling to the bone, but can be pulled off easily as well. To each their own. were amazing and the portions are ridiculously small . Other than that I wish I would got more of your breaded fried catfish it was delicious, but one piece of catfish not going to cut it for me. And the doughnuts at the end are just the perfect touch.  Will return maybe ."
"We JUST finished an amazing dinner at Bobby Q tonite.  We are in town for a week from Southern CA for a baseball tournament for my son & looked to Yelp for a top BBQ joint in town that we don't have in our neck of the woods.  We hit a grand slam choosing Bobby Q.  From the minute we sat down, our waiter Tommy (who was fantastic), told us the history of the place, made recommendations for us & was very attentive the entire meal.  The cornbread muffins were delicious.  We ordered the Q rolls & spinach artichoke cheso dip as appetizers.  The Q rolls were AMAZING - highly recommend.  The spinach dip was very good, especially when I asked for tortilla chips instead of the bread that comes with it.  For our meal we got the big ""Hog Meal"" I think it was called.  You get to choose 2 types of ribs (a full rack), we got a full rack of baby back, 2 types of meats (1 lb), we chose brisket & pulled pork & 3 sides but we chose 4, coleslaw, mac n cheese, fries & roasted corn.  BY FAR the best meat was the baby back ribs.  The bones were just there for looks cuz that meat FELL OFF THE BONE.  They were so good.  The pork was tasty too, brisket was our #3 favorite but very tender.  The coleslaw is delicious, my son loved the mac n cheese & fries & the corn was smokey yummy tasting too.  At the end, when they bring the bill, they bring these SINFUL homemade donuts with the check.  OMG!!  They were so good.  I had to get a second little bagful on the way out.  We also bought the sauce they use.  They sell it if you loved it.  We loved it.  Definitely recommend this place.  Our waiter Tommy made our experience here awesome.  Drinks were good, service good, food good.  5 stars for sure!"
"I'm a Texas native and grew up on barbeque. I knew how to barbeque before I could ride a bike. Okay, that might be a stretch.  I've lived all over the West. As a consultant and general contractor, I've been able to travel around quite a bit in the Central and Western US. Everywhere I went, there was always something wrong about the Q.

I stepped onto the Bobby Q ""campus"" (big property) and was immediately 'greeted' by beautiful shrubs and trees. The exterior is intentional, laid-back, and I love it. It sets you at ease so you can get ready for some great food. It reminds me of the roadside shacks we'd stop at on our family fishing trips in Texas. 

When you walk in the front door you're greeted by people who have ""tenure"". Some of the wait staff have been with the owner over 20 years. Now that's a testament to good business. We (my wife and I) were seated and served their awesome cornbread and butter. Our server took great care with us since we were 'newbies'. 

I had the Brisket, St. Louis Baby Back Ribs and Chicken. HOLY HANNAH - When that brisket hit the tastebuds, I thought I had reached Nirvana then stepped in Valhalla. My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I let out a let out a slight guttural sound of satisfaction. If I wasn't so hungry I would have stopped at that first bite knowing I had reached the apogee of barbeque gastronomy. 

Well, I'll spare you the ennuis of the rest of my experience, but suffice it to say that you too, could reach your barbeque Nirvana by coming here. Have I been back? YES!!! I will keep coming back to get my ""fix"". I hope you enjoy too."
"Food is pricey but well done. The cocktails, meat sides and even the little donuts you get for the ride home are all amazing."
"Wow!  We were returning to Sky Harbor airport from Williams, and wanted to grab something near I-17.  Reviews were good for this place, and we were not disappointed.   We were seated within five minutes (although they originally said 15-25 minute wait), and our server was there almost instantly.  Since we couldn't take leftovers with us, he recommended that the three of us split the three meat combo, and that was perfect!  We got the baby-back ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.   While the pulled pork was just OK, the ribs and the brisket were wonderful (our daughter, a rib snob if there ever was one, pronounced the ribs as being the best she'd ever had)!  The pre-meal cornbread was decent (a bit crumbly), and the free cinnamon-sugar mini-donuts after the meal were tasty, if a bit over-sugared.   We also ordered two sides: the baked potato with all the fixings was good, and the mac & cheese was close to incredible (never thought I'd put the words ""mac & cheese"" and ""incredible"" in the same sentence, but there you go).  All through the meal, our server checked on us every five minutes or so, and was always there with iced tea & soda refills, extra sauce, and so on.  And we were in and out in less than 30 minutes (usually I don't care, but with a flight to catch, that was important).   Wish these guys were closer to Boise -- I know we'd be regulars!

If you're in a hurry, might want to call ahead for reservations.   As busy as they were on a Sunday afternoon, I suspect that they are a madhouse at peak hours."
"Always a great place to get BBQ. We checked it out after they did catering for a GCU event, GO LOPES! Totally worth it. The food was amazing as usual. I love the taco appetizers and the mini donuts that  you take home. The brisket, pulled pork, bbq chicken, ribs, and kids meals are amazing. Will totally be back. Make sure to use your YELP discount too!"
One of my very favorite restaurants. The food is delicious and the service is always really good. Hubby and I were both craving the southern fried chicken since they didn't have that at the new location in Camelback (we went there about 2 weeks ago). Bobby Q never disappoints!!  Yum!!!
"Just had lunch at Bobby Q. We had the sample platter which came with beef brisket, one side, St. Louis ribs and smoked chicken (which we substituted for more beef brisket) and the beef brisket sandwich. Everything was incredibly GOOD!!! our server saw that we were sharing the strawberry lemonade and ignoring the iced tea so brought out another strawberry lemonade free of charge!!! We were served corn bread as we waited for our food which came out super fast. All that and our bill was only $26!! I definitely recommend this place! And if you tell them you found them on yelp, you get 10% off your bill."
Wow.  Best macaroni and cheese I've had outside of Chicago's south side.
This place claims to serve Saint Louis barbecue spareribs. I know Saint Louis Saint Louis spareribs are a friend of mine. These were NOT Saint Louis spareribs!
"I am not a big BBQ person but talk about comfort food at its finest! Bobby Q had the best ribs and pulled pork I've ever had. I cannot wait to bring my dad here!! Can't think of a better restaurant pick for Father's Day!
And those donuts, what a yummy surprise!"
"Made the trip up the 17 to visit Bobby Q last night. I love me some good bbq, and had heard good things about Bobby Q, so it was time to give it a try. It being a summer Tuesday night the parking lot was busy, but not packed and we were seated right away. The restaurant itself was doing a good business. I enjoyed the interior. It was one of the most, dare I say, upscale bbq places I've frequented, though it's not upscale at all. 

Our server came by quickly and introduced herself. She asked if we had ever been there before and when we said no she got excited and told us all about the place. We each ordered a beer and decided what to order. We settled on the Whole Hog Heaven Feast to get a sample of a few things. Our Whole Hog included St. Louis & Baby Back Ribs along with brisket and sausage. For our sides we went with the ranch beans, corn, and mac n cheese. We weren't able to polish off the whole thing, but we came close. 

I must say that these were some of the best ribs I've had in a long time! They were perfectly cooked, easy to remove from the bone, but not fall off the bone, and amazingly the pork stayed together. I slightly preferred the baby backs. I wasn't as big of a fan of the brisket, but then again I am generally not a fan of brisket. To me, the best bbq is pork. The sausage was good, but I wouldn't go and order it as my dish. We got some of their spicy bbq sauce on the side and thought it had a good flavor. You could feel the heat, but it wasn't hot or overpowering and didn't linger. 

Of the sides we agreed the mac n cheese was the winner, though the beans were flavorful as well. The mac n cheese is certainly cheesy! Corn is corn. 

I know I really liked this place because as I was eating I swung my legs like a little kid who can't touch the ground with their feet. Signs of a happy camper. 

We are gluttons for punishment so we got some apple cobbler for dessert. It was good, but not memorable. Overall, the service here was wonderful and everyone made sure we were taken care of. We will definitely be back!"
"Friendly, very fast service on a weekday night.
Quite decent cornbread (reference Houston's/Bandera's for the Benchmark cornbread!).
Good, tender pulled pork.
Grilled corn tasty, a bit greasy.
Grilled veggies fairly fresh, but meh.
Nice decor.
Overall, not bad a'tall.
Oink."
"From start to finish everything was superb (Q-rolls, cornbread, meat combo, apple cobbler and that complimentary mini donuts to go!). This is one of the few restaurants that I have dined in where the manager checks on the customers. Thanks for the recommendations and good service, Chelsea!"
"After reading and hearing about Bobby Q I figured I had to find out for myself. 

When it comes to BBQ I find it, like others, hard to get quality BBQ. If I do venture into something new trying to find that diamond in the rough I have 3 staples to sample: Baby Back Ribs, Pulled Pork and Beef Brisket. I also judge beans and some carb. 

I ordered the staples with beans and Mac & Cheese. I wasn't given an option for wet or dry BBQ. I had to ask as the bartender was walking away to make mine dry and put it on the side. 

The meal started with a very moist and greasy corn bread basket. The greasy texture made me use a fork just to get it anywhere close to my mouth. 

Moments later my dry BBQ arrived and the server started walking off when I had to ask for BBQ where I learned there were 3 options: regular, spicy or a third that I don't recall. Nice to know that NOW. Thanks bartender. 

The ribs looked good but pulling apart showed they were not smoked at all. Just a HIGHLY salty rub and grill time. The pull apart can be achieved by many alternative means. 

The pulled pork was sweet, quality pork, but the exact same texture as what I get out of my crockpot. There was no bark, no sign of a smoke ring, nothing to indicate this was BBQ. 

The brisket is the only reason I gave this place 2 stars. They gave me 4 slices of what I would call Prime grade and perfectly smoked. The brisket showing a solid smoke ring and bark and it barely held together which is well beyond many other joints. 

The Mac and Cheese are almost exactly like Kraft Blue Box, so not original at all. The beans however were al dente and smoky sweet. Again, nothing special. 

To top off the epic failure in service, there was no wet nap offered or within sight. Really?? I just wanted outta there and to let others know, order a steak or prime rib to go."
"It was amazing, our server Bryce gave us a complimentary dessert because we celebrating a night out just the two of us! Great portions and great food. Amazing!"
"Best place in Phoenix! Came here for lunch and dinnet! Atmosphere nice, service great and food is amazing!"
"Actually 3.45 stars

I have gone twice for lunch.  The first time I had a sampler plate of chicken, ribs, brisket that came with cole slaw.  The second time I had a pulled pork sandwich that came with cole slaw and I added a side of macaroni and cheese.

The chicken was ok. I like my ribs with a little more chew on them and these fell off the bone (I can duplicate this in my crock pot), two different styles of doing ribs and each has it fans.  The brisket, of the three slices two were flaking apart (I wish I knew what the cause was because I have that problem too) the third piece was perfect.  The pulled pork was tender and there was a lot more of it on the sandwich than I expected and I made a mistake in declining having extra sauce brought to the table, it would have made the sandwich better.  The cole slaw was good.  The macaroni and cheese had a slight sour taste and was sticky, I am sure it is a product of the cheese(s) used but I don't know enough to say what.  Anyway it was different and good and I would order it again.  The corn bread is really good that they start you out with.  The one time I got the doughnuts they were ok too.  If I find myself there again I would stick with the pulled pork or the brisket or maybe try the burger that Daren got.

The service both times was excellent. They have an inviting patio but the first time I went it was too hot to enjoy and the second time it was too cool.  I sat once at a table by the bar and once in the dining room.  The room can get noisy even half full.   I like their draft beer selection but I could not partake because I had to return to running machinery."
"My husband & I tried this while in Phoenix based on the Yelp ratings & reviews. We were not disappointed at all. We ordered the whole  Hog Heaven meal (baby back ribs, St. Louis, pork, brisket, cole slaw, mac & cheese, and mashed potatoes).  Our meal was just amazing. Service was great. Definitely planning on returning when in the area."
"I love the restaurant. The ambience and service here are outstanding. The food meets expectations but does not exceed them. 
The brisket was almost on the dry side but good. The chicken was fantastic. The beef ribs were not very meaty but were sweet and tasty. 
My real complaint was the ribs. The baby back ribs were good, but a little overdone. I couldn't pick them up without them falling apart. Personally, I think they should be firm enough to hold together when you cut them and pick them up. But if I give the bone a firm tug, it should come out. It's a fine line and easy to cross. Bobby Q crosses the line, but all in all it's a very good BBQ joint. Given the competition in Arizona, it's easy to see why they are so successful."
"Awesome place, great food, waitresses are awesome, best place to eat in Arizona..  excellent bbq.. if you live in Arizona or anywhere for that fact and haven't eaten here.. your missing out. The staff is the best and prices are good for what you get. I love this place and will continue to come here forever..."
I am gaining too much weight eating here.  Think I will have to stop for a while.
We split the 2 meat combo. Both the brisket and baby back ribs were flavorful and tender. The cornbread is delicious snd the side of corn was nice and smokey. Great food!
"I was a little tentative about a BBQ place in Phoenix but after reading the yelp reviews i decided to give it a chance! The ribs are amazing, ok the food was amazing, I would say the pieces of brisket I had were good but not Texas brisket! Could have been the cut I had but the ribs were ""slap yo momma good""!!! I had corn and Mac and cheese as a side, the Mac is super cheesy borderline overly cheesy but the corn was good! My kids fries were very good too! Love the corn bread and we are awaiting our donuts! 

I will be back although it seemed a bit pricey for bbq but they also didn't serve it on paper and plastic, they have real plates here! Lol!"
Best baby back ribs !  Service is always top notch and lively patio.  Tried the Q Rolls appetizer and they are delicious as is the fresh cornbread!  Our favorite bbq in Phoenix!
"Sat down, waited 15 minutes, left. Informed hostesses at front we'd waited, too busy chatting about their boyfriends to bother."
"We've been wanting to try this restaurant for years, but somehow just never remembered. Tonight was our first night of vacation and we decided to stop in...we were not disappointed!! Our server was that perfect blend of friendly and knowledgeable, without being intrusive, and our water glasses stayed full all night. We ordered a combo platter with two types of ribs and two types of meet... DELICIOUS.  From the cornbread that came out to start the meal, to the killer sides, to the melt-in-your-mouth, don't-need-a-knife BBQ...the meal was PERFECT. Then to top it all off, the manager sat down to talk to us at the end...he couldn't have been friendlier or more genuine.  This was a perfect evening and we'll definitely be back with our family and friends!!"
"You have to put ratings in context. This is a BBQ joint and as far as they go, this is 5 star. 

Atmosphere is great, service is super and the food was tasty, prepared to order and perfect portion size. Great little extras - like Pecan Cole Slaw - who would've thunk. I ordered the ribeye steak and it was cooked exactly to order delivered with great sides. Great beer selection on tap and those donuts - warm, soft, sweet donuts. 

My only regret is that I didn't go sooner or more often on my trip. I'll be back!"
Solid BBQ. Service is efficient and the food is delicious. Love the Mac & Cheese. Usually have the pulled pork sandwich but I've also had the beef brisket and its terrific also. Plenty of parking and a good location make this a west side favorite.
"Had the pulled pork and Mac/cheese. Very yummy. 

Strawberry lemonade very tasty too. Nice decor/ambiance and very friendly service.

My first official food consumed in Arizona - it was a fine choice!!!

I'll be back!"
"Happy hour 50% off and cold beer, near the hotel. The chicken wings and brisket rolls are excellent"
"First time in the house. Staff was very welcoming and friendly. They even gave us a free order of the Q-Rolls (there was a mixup in the kitchen, so they gave them to us). 

The atmosphere is nice and comfortable with plenty of room between tables. There is even a small patio for cooler nights.

The food was good. I really enjoyed the Q-Roll stuffed with brisket and served with their chipotle sauce. I sensed that the portions would be large, so my partner and I shared the 2 rib entry (St Louis & Baby-back). The rancho beans had their own distinctive flavor without the beans being over-cooked. The same could be said of the steamed veggies. Corn bread is served with every meal and presented in a nice round Pattie; and it taste liked corn BREAD as opposed to cake.  My 4 star rating came because I felt that ribs were a little too salty.

The next time I come in I will still opt for ribs, maybe a steak. I may enjoy a cocktail with Q-Rolls as well."
"After the review (below) of my catered dinner from Bobby Q, I received this email:

I would like to apologize for your catering experience. We pride ourselves on our food and take negative reviews very serious. I've shared your review with the owner and the kitchen manager. I would like to invite you and your family in for dinner on us. We would like to prove to you the quality of our food. Just call me directly and make a reservation. Again, we apologize for your experience. 
Jason Gilliland
Restaurant Manager

I wasn't sure how I felt about accepting a free meal - that was really not a goal when I wrote the first review.  In fact, my first thought was why should I waste my time on doing this food again?  But - I was very impressed with Jason's email and decided to give it a shot. He wasn't asking me to change my review - he was aksing for a chance to prove how good they can be.  If it was terrible, he was running the risk of me updating with an even worse review.

My roommates and I all had the day off today, and around lunch time we were discussing food.  We were definitely in the mood for BBQ.  I called Jason, and he immediately set up our reservations for dinner tonight.

Complete breakdown on the experience - 
The room was nice!  Actually, the place was MUCH nicer than I expected a BBQ place to be - but not so stuffy we felt underdressed.
Our server was Ashleigh - she was 100% on point tonight!  From her brief rundown on what Bobby Q is and what to expect, to menu descriptions, keeping our water and iced tea full, checking back at perfect intervals and - my *wow* moment of service - when she dropped off the moist towelettes, the packages were pre-opened!  Sounds silly - but when you have BBQ greasy fingers, those packages can be a bitch!
The food - holy mother of wow - this was the same place as the last review?  The food was made with the same recipes in the same kitchen??  The only thing that tipped me off was the cornbread - still over the top amazing!
The three of us split the Cajun shrimp appetizer with garlic toast points.  While it did not have the level of kick I've come to expect from BBQ shrimp, the flavor was incredible.  Adding in the rosemary was a dash of genius, and the 6 shrimp were perfectly cooked.  This is a recipe I'd LOVE to have!
Wedge salad - HUGE!  In addition to the iceberg, tomato, bacon and bleu cheese, there was bacon.  Not just the baon bits - but big chunks of Meat Candy.  The blue was one of the richest and creamiest I've tasted.
For meats, we had brisket, rib eye, St. Louis style ribs and beef ribs.  Across the board, each was fantastic!  Just as the AKC is looking for the ""ideal"" of each dog - the meats we ate tonight could be held as the ideal against which all other meats were judged.  Each of the four was a perfect example of what that meat can become, when prepared perfectly!
The cole slaw does have good flavor - and I adore the fine shred they use.  So now it's two thumbs up for flavor and texture.  The mac and cheese was incredibly rich and creamy.  The baked potatoes - well, they are well prepared baked potatoes.  Either they're done right or wrong - not a lot of middle ground - and these were right.
I aldo enjoyed the featured beer - the Bobby Q Amber - which is brewed by Sonoran - so that was double local goodness.
I'd love to be able to review the peach cobbler - but we had already given up and filled boxes with leftovers to be tomorrow's lunch.  None of us had room for another bite.
Then Ashleigh brought the donuts.  Damn donuts!  Perfect, warm and soft, cinnamon sugar fried rings of perfect!  I knew I was full.  I knew I shouldn't eat anything more.  And I am so lucky she only brought one for each of us...otherwise I'd still be there eating more and more and more of them!
Fantastic dinner - all of us were incredibly happy from beginning to end with the entire experience.
Thank you Jason - if you wouldn't have reached out, I never would have known what I was missing!
We will definitely be back!"
"Fantastic. We had the rib combo (beef and baby backs) with baked potato, mac-n-cheese and Cole slaw. Beef ribs were spectacular and rich. Baby backs were really good. Cole slaw was the best I have had at a restaurant, loved it. Dessert was ""Death By Chocolate"". I died and went to heaven. A layer of creamy ice cream sandwiched by a scrumptious Texas sheet cake with a homemade chocolate sauce. Really a nice experience. Hot donuts on the way out! We fought over how many we each had on the way home. Love keeps no record of donuts."
"Solid BBQ joint.  Wife and I split a whole hog heaven and it was way more than we could handle.  Got chicken, brisket, baby back and St. Louis ribs.  Ribs were great, meat falling off the bone.  I thought the brisket was a bit dry; wife thought it was moist and delicious.  Go figure...  The chicken was  chicken, not much to say about it. I gotta say though, the cornbread was spectacular - I could've eaten a whole basket.

I normally don't say much about service, but this place is on top of its game. Happy staff were popping out of the woodworks asking if we're satisfied or need anything else.  Check-ins were frequent but not  annoying.  Atmosphere is nice too. It was busy on a Friday night so make a reservation."
"We recently took my son here for his birthday since he is a bbq fanatic! It was our first time and our server let us know a little about the place and the food which was nice. The corn bread was great and unlimited although we only needed one basket with our q rolls and meals. We ordered the pulled pork sandwiches with potato salad and mac n cheese on the side and my son had the ribs. I have to say I would probably get the ribs next time as well, the sandwich was ok but the sides we couldn't get enough of! 
By the end my son could barely fit his complimentary birthday dessert! Our server was absolutely wonderful and while we felt the food was pretty good the service we received was truly amazing and the best we've ever had. We will be coming here for many more special occasions :)"
"This is my first time in this place. I was looking to take my family for the sunday's lunch and we wanted a texan food. Our first option closes in sundays, so we picked this place with no higher expectatives. I was completely wrong:

All the staff was friendly. They set up a table for us in a minute, the place gave me a good first impression. Since we have 3 kids (1,3 & 5 yo) we selected the typical brisket and susage with sides (grill veg, mac & cheese and potato with bacon) My wife and I shared the orders witht the kids. All the orders were served in less than 10 minutes. 

Honestly I was expecting to pay close to $ 50, my suprise was that all this costs 31, I put down an extra tip for all the good service, food and the place itself. 

I score 5 stars for this place."
"Went here to celebrate and my husband was in literal ""hog heaven"" all the meats were great, I split a simple ranch salad with him, which was good. Mac and cheese is ridiculously good and so was the service. Too full for dessert but had one donut and it was crazy good too!!"
"Bobby Qs has to be one of the better bbq joints around the Phoenix area. This has been our go to restaruant for years. The hostesses are friendly and prompt and work very hard to help patrons with whatever questions they have. The wait staff is super friendly to tourists like ourselves and although food comes slow it's worth the wait. I will say if you are vegan or vegetarian by any means stay away this is definetly a meat friendly environment haha! The only reason i did not rate a 5 is the location, althouh a spectacular building parking is a little awkward and getting to the restaurant via highway takes some work maneuvering. Go here for great bbq and friendly staff. Pre-warning make reservations (yelp is the go to) and go after 730 or before 3! 

Bobby Qs thanks for another great meal!"
"Food was delicious!
The service was a little slow, but it's Father's Day so I anticipated that. Our server was still very attentive and helpful!
The only reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is because of the cleanliness level. It was generally clean, but I was turned off by the overhead dust on the decorations and light fixtures. Don't want dust in my food. Otherwise, I highly recommend Bobby Q!"
"The best bbq restaurant I have ever been to.  The food and service provided was phenomenal.  I am a big fan of bbq and have tried it all, this was one of the best I have had.  We ordered the whole hog heaven to sample a little bit of everything.  It was delicious and cooked perfectly. We will definitely be a long time customer at this place."
"We had dinner at the BobbyQ Biltmore location with another couple last evening.  The drinks were great, the BBQ and steaks top notch as always, and our waiter was very good.  So why didn't we rate our experience as a 4 or 5?  I was shocked as we finished our last spoonful of dessert(bread pudding, yum!) and the manager walked over to our table and ask us to either leave our move to another table so that she could seat another party.  After spending over $250 for a dinner for 4 this just seemed very inappropriate to me.  I will not be back."
"Food was sub par. We got there about 20 minutes before close and they were converting it into a night club so we got a to-go order. They forgot some of my order and it defeated the whole purpose of going there. The donuts were good, but I know good BBQ and this isn't it. I called and left a message about the messed up order and they took like a week to call me back. Not going back."
"My boyfriend and I were in town visiting and we couldn't resist trying Bobby Q. We came in and got sat quickly even though they were very busy, the service was wonderful and drinks were delicious! We got the Pineapple drink that's served in an actual pineapple (because why not). The food, we got ""The Whole Hog"", and boy was it delicious, my boyfriends favorite was the beef brisket and mine was the baby back ribs. WOW."
Overall good food the chicken on the other hand needs work it was dry and clumped up in your mouth no matter how much barbecue sauce you put on it the service was good nice atmosphere would recommend
Way to go Bob Sikora!   I used to work for Bob at Bobby McGee's during the 80's and early 90's.  Bob has always been a top notch operator with high standards.  Tough guy to work for...but he is a restaurant genius!  Bob has always loved BBQ and he went to school and found the best recipes from the south.   I ate here way back in 2005 and anytime I am back in Phoenix this is a must do for BBQ!  This as good as it gets!!!
"WOW, should I say more? This was our first time here. My Son has Gluten allergies and was worried for what to order for him. Well, they have a full menu of GF items. The food was amazing. Service couldn't be better. Our server Jason had one ask: we had to let him know if anything about our food that we didn't like. We loved it all. On top of that Mgr stopped by to welcome us there since that was our first time. I can't wait to go back. You will love it. Give it a try."
"really good aged steak dinners.  good sides, excellent service.  
foofoo drinks, meh.  But I have never been disappointed by the steak. Big Fan!!!!"
"Based on the recommendation of my peer yelper's, my wife and I tried this while in Phoenix. I have to say we were not disappointed at all. This was AMAZING! 

Our server was Alexis and she did a really great job. Great positive energy and made us feel very welcome. She was on point with our food and follow up on our needs. Excellent customer service!!!

The appetizer we tried was the Q rolls which is a brisket spring roll with two sauces. They hit the spot and were super tasty. The cornbread was a nice touch as well with a little butter and then with the bean sides for the meal. 

We ordered the Hog Heaven meal which the description states it is great for yourself or to share with someone else.....Hmmm no this is enough for you, your friend, and another friend lol. 

I was expecting small portions so you get a taste. You get to pick two of the three rib styles. These are not just one or two ribs. You get a half rack of two different styles of ribs. Then you get three meat choices plus three sides. These are all regular portions not small mini portions.

I am a big guy and really enjoy BBQ. Between my wife and I we did not finish this meal there was enough left for a whole other meal.

The food is smoked on site and you can taste the nice smoke flavor in the meat which is tender and juicy. The ribs have a lot of meat on them with just a touch of crispiness on the outside. The meat was fall off the bone tender. The brisket was so moist and tender it was incredible. The sausage is absolutely home made! You can taste the difference in the sausage and texture. The chicken is super tender and again full of moisture even the chicken breast was juicy. 

The pecan colesaw, ranch beans, and the mac & cheese were all super tasty sides!

If you are in the area I would highly recommend stopping and checking out some amazing BBQ."
"Brisket was better than average but not true Texas Smoked. Sides were good but not memorable. Manager seemed rushed, distracted. Prolly worked her way up from serving. She'll be effective in another year or 2. Servers and Barkeep were attentive and respectful. Hostess was exactly what is expected."
"You guys... if you're in the area... stop what you're doing and run (don't walk) RUN to this place. It is a little hidden gem but obviously not a best kept secret as this is one of a gazillion reviews. It is exactly what you'd expect in awesome bbq. The place is bigger that what I'd imagined. Fantastic service all around. Uber impressed with all of the staff, including other servers and bartender willing to help their coworkers. We had the wedge which was a basic wedge with all the fixin's and the three meat bbq plate. The brisket, sausage and chicken was fabulous. You even get a wee pitcher of spicy bbq sauce upon request. Nothing negative to report. Highly recommend. These folks got this dialed in."
"O M F G

I just had a killer burger... Try the Smokehouse. It is a 9oz hand pattied burger grilled as you wish with cheddar, fried onion strings, killer bacon and a thousand island type dressing. It also had some BBQ sauce on there too.  It was so juicy and freaking good.... 

Who cares that the service was great, or that the mac n cheese was good, who cares about the kids chicken strips and the free corn bread and doughnuts... uggghh man that was good."
"Corn bread is the best I have ever had.  The ribs are good, but the brisket was extremely mushy.  Appetizers are great and the ambience is fun."
Great atmosphere. Expensive and the meat is extremely greasy/heavy. Just not my style.
"Been here twice and both times it has proven to be hands down best BBQ I've had. mind you I've never had Texas BBQ but this has set a high bar for me. the whole hog heaven is way too much for 2 people but perfect for 3-4 people! Best brisket, and Ribs!"
"Hands down, it is the best barbecue restaurant I have ever been at. We were a party of six, and we ordered many different kinds of food and shared it all. The catfish was our least favorite dish. However, everything else was beyond amazing. We all agreed that the corn, mac and cheese, and cornbread were the best things ever ... Personally, I think their mac and cheese is the best mac and cheese dishes on earth :)"
The Happy Hour is a ton of fun. It's best to reserve a table if you come. The food is good! The music and dancing is for all ages. You must be 21 for Happy Hour!
This was the best restaurant hands down that we have EVER been to. At first it was a little rocky with being looked over a few times while seating but that was OK due to how busy they started getting.. Riley our server was the best server I have ever had as well and the manager Taylor gave up ice cream for the mix up in the beginning! They have the best crew and I swear these people actually care about you. I would recommend this to EVERYONE! THANK Y'ALL AGAIN! I AM FROM TEXAS AND AIN'T NEVER HAD BBQ LIKE THIS HERE! HAHA
"It was my Bachelors of Science in Project Management graduation gift from my fianc, Tony.  I love a great steak, since I was raised in a Slaughting Ranch in Mexico with my Grandparents.   I know a great steak.  Paloma was our wonderful waitress, very knowledgeable about the the manner in which they age the beef, when they cut the steaks, and with what they grill it.  When the steak arrived it was accompanied by grilled vegetables, and a loaded baked potato, which the exterior had been rolled in seasalt while baking.  The steak was grilled perfectly, mouth watering tender piece of heaven.  I would be remiss if I do not mention the rolls of tender Brisket snuggled in a deep fried flour tortilla, it had a wonderful taste of Carne Machaca, so tasty.  We completed the scrupulous dinner with a very light dessert of a pineapple drink.  The drink arrived in a beautiful hollowed out pineapple.  The drink was so refreshing and yet not too sweet.  Donny, the Manager was so hospitable, made us feel like family, or regulars.  We will return.  I would highly recommend making a reservation.  Thank you for a memorable graduation gift.  Delia,"
Great que.  I have lived in Oklahoma and Texas and Bobby Q is up there with the best of them.
Absolutely best service ever. We all ordered different items and no one was disappointed. Best bbq sauce this side of my kitchen!
"The food was awesome. Our server was the best. I believe her name is Alexis. Wish we lived closer, we would be here more oven."
Landed in Phoenix and read all of the positive reviews here. I'm not really a meat girl but wanted to try this since barbecue is popular in Arizona. The restaurant itself has really nice to court and clean the staff was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the beef brisket and ribs which is good enough for two people. We ordered that with a side of the mac & cheese which was absolutely amazing and grilled vegetables to balance everything out. The bill wasn't so bad either I can get Casas around $30 which is pretty good for quality meat. Before we left we were given a complementary sugar donuts which definitely hit the spot. I'm giving this place 4 stars only because when we left we felt extremely heavy. I think it was the extra sauce that we asked for so definitely don't do that besides that this is a definity a Must
Definitely the place to be.. Amazing ribs and briskit.. Awesome hosts that know how to take care of the guests.. Extremely impressed with their presentation and culinary skills.. Definite definite recommendation.
"Every time we have guests in town (and otherwise!) we always make a point to go to Bobby Q's.  Every single meal has been exceptional and our out of towners are blown away by the ribs and chicken.  There's a reason this is one of Yelp's Top 10 for Phoenix!  I've never had tender, juicy ribs like they make in my life.  

And every time we have to bring a side dish to a friends house for dinner, we pick up a pan of the Mac n Cheese and some corn muffins.  We're the most popular people at the party!  I'm thankful this little gem of a place is only a few miles from me!"
"Although I don't eat meat anymore this is still our go to family restaurant. When I was younger I remember how amazing the food taste and that still remains the same. Would be awesome if there was some vegan BBQ options but I understand it's a meat house! 

Still my family and I come once a month, and my parents go to the night couple every Friday. If you're looking for a good time with the family or with friends and don't want to drive to two places. Come here on a Friday or Saturday, eat dinner the. Walk just past the hostess and go dance and work off those calories! 

Great staff, amazing bartenders, and nice management! 

Again, although I am vegetarian/Pescatarian I still enjoy myself and just eat salad and the salmons OH ! And You must try the Mac n Cheese !!"
"Love the Brisket and Pulled Pork. Not to mention the sides here (Mashed Potatoes, Mac n Cheese, and Pecan Coleslaw are my personal favorites) compliment the meat very well. The cornbread and the chipotle ranch are also things I would recommend you try. In addition, the manager came around and introduced himself while making sure that everything was to our satisfaction. Love the attentiveness and professionalism displayed by the staff here. OH and the free donuts earned themselves an extra star :)"
I really love this spot. One of the few Phoenix restaurants definitely worth going out of your way for. Smoasted chicken is fantastic along with the baby back ribs. Deep wood flavor infuses most grilled items. Patio is lovely Oct-May.
"Spent $100 (two people) and wasn't better than any other place we've spent that much money. We will try it again. Maybe a different result. 

Much rather go to Papas, Arrowhead Grill, or even Outback for spending $100.

I had prime rib and my gf had brisket/ribs. Wasn't raving yummy, but better than average.

Try it out though. Tons of great reviews."
"My fiance and I were SPEECHLESS. It was nothing short of PERFECTION. We were greeted by the friendliest staff, the food was beyonddd amazing. Everythibg is made from scratch so if you don't finish your food, expect to get the best quality left overs for the day after. We got the combo deal with two one half ribs two one half meats and three choices of sides. This is a one of a kind bbq place worthy of the travel and food networks. I'll be back soon."
"The restaurant lost our reservation but they made up for it by giving us the private room. We had a party of 10 and throughout the evening our waiter, Chandler, kept checking up on us and our drinks were never less than halfway empty. The food was amazing and the service was fantastic!"
"This use to be the old Bobby McGees (a classic for bringing dates when I was in High School - it's still the same owner) Cornbread (Good), had the sampler plate with Ribs (Great), Brisket (Good), Sausage (Great), also sampled the Mac n Cheese (Excellent), Coleslaw (Good), Beans (Ok), Potato Salad (Good) & Corn (Great) - and even though I didn't get dessert she brought me some fresh mini Doughnuts (Great). My server, Ciara was Outstanding!!"
Brisket is unbelievable. Try the mash potatoes and mac & cheese as your sides. You will NOT be dissapointed!!!!
"Stumbled upon this place while on a road trip from CA to AZ, and I can say this was HANDS DOWN THE BEST BBQ I HAVE EVER HAD! The servers were kind and friendly and took the time to answer any questions we had. I ended up getting the brisket sandwich with a side of Mac and cheese and that was beyond incredible!! The Mac and cheese was by far the best Mac and cheese I've had in my entire life, and the bbq did not disappoint! The meat was extremely tender and moist which was great because a lot of bbq places these days tend to overcook their meat, but not Bobby Q's! Looking forward to coming back and dining here again soon:)"
"oh my god....this place is heaven on earth. i could eat their ribs/brisket/cornbread/peach cobbler every day for the rest of my life and i would not be disappointed. as i'm writing this im salivating/foaming at the mouth thinking about sticky bbq sauce on my fingers and in my mouth. visual.

three of us got here during dinner on a weekday, seated promptly. had sweet tea and a strawberry lemonade (tasted like fresh lemonade and was addicting with a sugar rim!). Cornbread was served - delicious, sweet, buttery.

Next came a a 50/50 order of beef ribs/brisket with roasted corn and baked beans, a 50/50 of brisket/baby back ribs with walnut coleslaw and mac & cheese, and a pulled chicken sandwich. 

Long story short, orgasms ensued. The beef ribs I had, were fall off the bone tender, smoky, slathered in perfect amounts of sauce, and just so so so so damn juicy and cooked like they said they do it. The meat just fell off when I bit into it, and the bbq sauce was so sweet and perfect. I would dunk all the food I ever eat for the rest of my life in this sauce. Probably the best ribs I ever had. The brisket was delicious, fork tender, not dry at all (close to the best I've ever had). The beans were porky, smokey, and flavorful, and the roasted corn was so so deliciously roasted.

Finished the night off with a peach cobbler, which was pretty much illegal. Ice cream melted into a deliciously cinnamon nutmeg concoction of sweetness and cobbler, the most perfect grandma-made style cobbler 
I've ever had. Not too tart, not too sweet, just perfect. 

Best BBQ i ever had. LEGIT"
"I ordered take-out on a business trip: fire roasted rotisserie chicken w/ mac&cheese and a wedge salad

Chicken was falling off the bone delicious. I'm a health nut, and although I know bleu cheese dressing is ""better"" for you, this stuff tastes so incredible you would never know.

Not the low-key hole-in-the wall kind of place, but still seemed fun for a chain-like dining experience. I would certainly go back."
"We love Bobby Q, it never disappoints. We took our adult son and everything we ordered was perfect. I had the salmon and the guys both had ribs. There was plenty to take home and enjoy for lunches the next day."
"I came here tonight with my family for dinner.

My wife and I have been here several times. We love the food and the atmosphere. The service has always been great too. 

I wish things could have gone differently tonight, but the way everything was handled was truly professional.

We ordered our food and the bus person was clearing out our table. Well, he accidentally dropped the plates and sauce basically exploded everywhere under the table. My legs were drenched in sauce and my sister's new pair of shoes were stained. My sister had to run to the bathroom to see if they were ruined.

The bus person was very apologetic and so was our server about the incident.

The restaurant manager came up to us after my sister returned and she was also very apologetic. She offered to replace the shoes, she comped my sister's dinner and even threw in free desert. She even got my sister's food replaced because she was waiting in the restroom trying to clean up while her food was getting cold. 

Food was great, the manager really knew how to take care of the customers. I know we'll absolutely be back! 

Try the Q-rolls!"
"We moved here over a year ago and have been looking all over the city for BBQ that reminds us of our old Kentucky home.

Well, it's safe to say we've finally found it. Holy mackerel! We absolutely adored our dinner here. Our server, Lorelei, was lovely, and the manager(?) who came by to check on us was equally as wonderful. 

We will DEFINITELY be back! We are in love"
"My first experience here was half good, half bad, and we left a comment card to reflect that.  The response I received was customer service at it's best.  The proprietor sent me a letter of apology along with a small gift card to replace the one item we had that wasn't terrific.  
I've now been going back for 3 years on a regular basis thanks to his response and attention to service.  EVERY time since the first has been exceptional.  From the food to the service to the beer - for singles, couples, and families - this place has the menu to make you drool.  It has even become my visiting friends ""must eat at"" restaurant in Phoenix.  
Favorite items so far are the juicy steaks or baby back ribs, and the melt in your mouth sweet cornbread.  YUMMMMMMMMMM"
"the mai tai is the BEST!!!
the mach and cheese omg is to die for so thick and creamy super cheesey. everything on the menu is just pure bliss."
"Good food, good atmosphere, good time. Tried a little of everything and liked it all. The best items were the baby back ribs and mashed potatoes."
The best bbq around! My daughter and I fell in love with the brisket. You won't leave disappointed.
Good BBQ. Being from KC I'm pretty particular about my Q and this place is solid. Sauce is a little sweet for my taste but each there own. I would recommend for sure.
"Maybe my son and I have different tastes than most of the reviewers or ate here on an off night. Our experience was that the decor, menu, service, and presentation were all great, however the BBQ was tasteless. We ordered the Whole Hog to share. It included two types of ribs and two meats. The meats were all beautifully prepared, fall-off-the-bone tender, looked great, and then very little taste except for the sweet sauce on everything.

Maybe we are BBQ-spoiled living in Texas."
"For me, best barbecue around. Next closest is Franklin's in of Austin Texas. They work hard on the quality and it is always very tasty."
"Was visiting the area and was craving something along the lines of BBQ and I decided to go to Bobby Q. Started out with an order of barbecue shrimp. Before they came I was given two large pieces of corn bread and butter. Now this alone would've been enough to fill me up but when the barbecue shrimp arrived I was so glad as they were prepared perfectly and were delicious. Along with the shrimp came four more pieces of bread it was good but more than I could eat. But I was still craving more I ordered a brisket sandwich without the breading was pretty good as far as brisket goes.
Service was good and I enjoyed the visit. 
I would definitely go back."
"I love Bobby Q! Always a must for dinner when we come into town! Service is great, food is great!"
"It's crazy to think that I am just now writing a review for Bobby Q's! My first experience with Bobby Q's was a few years back and I still think to this day that it is some of the best BBQ I have had. The great thing about Bobby Q's is that its not all about the BBQ but they also have really amazing burgers, appetizers, and those delicious little cinnamon sugar donuts at the end! Just the thought of those little pillowy sugary donuts makes me drool! Q rolls as an appetizer is a must and their spinach and artichoke dip is fantastic as well. 

I would recommend this restaurant to anybody who was looking for really delicious BBQ!"
"Bobby Q's is the BEST BBQ restaurant in the valley. Better then Famous Daves. Better then Waldo's, in my opinion. This used to be Bobby McGee's in the 90's and they would have live band and dancing there. I went there with my wife, mother-in-law and daughter. We didn't make reservations because we didn't know you had to until we had called them that day. At the time, they weren't taking anymore reservations until after 8pm and that was too late for us. It was only 3:30p at the time. The woman on the phone said the wait time was about 45mins, so we went anyways. We got there around 4:00pm and put our names on the list. They said they would call us when the table was ready. I kind of missed the little pagers we usually get at Cheesecake Factory and other restaurants, but personal service is still nice too. So I waited 30mins, checked the list and there were still 2 groups ahead of us. Check again at 45mins and still one group ahead of us. The hostess apologized and explained that customer with reservations would get seated first, which made sense, but I was getting hungry. Finally 55mins in we got seated (near the kitchen door) and was able to order drinks immediately as we looked over the menu. They had some specials, so I got the Prime Rib/Lobster Tail with 2 sides for $30. I got the Mac & Cheese and Corn I believe. I can't remember what everyone else got, but I know they loved the food. They brought out warm corn bread, which was moist, sweet and great with butter. My wife and mother-in-law loved their alcoholic drinks. I got lemonade which was excellent as well. The meals came after about 15mins. The prime rib simply melted in your mouth. It was delicious. The Mac & Cheese was perfect. Nice and creamy and cheesy, just like how I make it. My wife tried mine and loved it. I tried her bake beans and even those were incredible. The corn was also good, Even the coleslaw that I tasted was very tasty. The lobster, we juicy and I doused it in the butter for another bite. It was cooked perfectly. I tried my wife's Baby Back Rib and they were smokey, moist and incredible with the BBQ sauce. I couldn't believe how good everything was. The waitress came back and forth to our table at least 6-7 times during the meal to see if there was anything else we needed. Very friendly and courteous. My daughter, who's only 2.5yrs loved everything, especially the mac & cheese since she loves cheese. Definitely one of the best BBQ meals I've ever ate. I will probably get the Brisket or Baby-Back Rib the next time I go. If you have BBQ and Steak, this is the place to go. It was definitely worth the wait and the kitchen door didn't even bother me because I was enjoying the food. I forgot a couple things. i forgot to mention the appetizers. They give you a lot for the appetizers. We got the BBQ wings and Artichoke/Spinach dip and it was fabulous. some places will give you 5-6 wings for appetizer, but we got like twice that amount and it was delicious. At the end of the meal they give you soft delicious donuts for free. 5 stars from me here."
"Here for the late night club and dancing. It's definitely a fun late night spot where cover is $15 per person. There are 2 different dance floors with DJ's. One is hip hop and the other is Latin. It's pretty crowded but fun. It must be noted that on the patio, they have ""Taqueria El Pariente"" that sells the Best ""carne asada tacos"" in town for just $3."
"I don't usually like to give a review after only having been to a place once but... I have never felt so welcome, so well treated, and so satisfyingly full after one visit!

I have definitely found my new favorite carnivorous dining place. 

My friend Don S. checked in here one day and I asked him if he was clubbing because I had been to the lounge with my cousins before but didn't know much about the restaurant since it had changed from Bobby McGee's back in the day. He laughed! Told me they have an amazing burger! Say what? Bobby Q is a five minute drive from my house! How did I not know this? 

I went last night with my son and let me tell you, one of the most pleasant dining experiences of my life! I ordered the smokehouse burger. It is 50 cents more than the regular burger and probably a hundred times better because it has bacon! Haha. I love my meat still pink in the middle and when I ask for something m.rare I would like it m.rare and preferably closer to the rare side. The chef hooked up my patty perfect! One of the best burger I have ever had! My little boy ordered the mac off the kids menu (love kids menus), and he loved it so much he ordered up a second helping! Sean our waiter was so kind and helpful and playful with the boy. It's so much more enjoyable when the staff is good with kids. Laura, who must have been management, came out to check on us mid meal and was also super sweet. She brought me out a sample of the brisket. Melty and delicious and bursting to the brim with flavor. She also told my son that if he tried the brisket she would bring him desert on the house! How cool is that?!? Of course he tried it, but more importantly he loved it! Then came.... Death by Chocolate! Its like an ice cream sandwich with brownie book ends! And so large that I only let Buddha tackle one part of it. 

I cannot wait to come back and try more off the menu! Oh did I mention that they give you free donuts at the end of your meal? I mean who can eat donuts after this kind of meal! But they are just as tasty the next morning! YUM!

So impressed!"
"I had high expectations for this place and they exceeded it in every way! The decor of the restaurant is very inviting, but the highlight was the BBQ!"
"A great find here in Phoenix.  Our waitress Joe was great, and we received free donuts on our way out!"
"First of all, I was with a large group who all appeared to enjoy their meals.  SO this is solely based on my palate.  I was starving after drinking my glass of wine at the bar.  I ordered the Grilled Top Sirloin with a 1/2 Rack of Baby Back Ribs.  Sides were baked potato (they forgot my sour cream and were so busy I didn't have the heart to ask for it..so that's on me), pecan coleslaw and potato strings (what was I thinking with already having the baked potato?)  

Anyway, things arrived and the plate so full I didn't know where to start so move things aside and attempted to cut my steak.  It was cold.  It was also SO tough it took a number of tries for me to cut it.  My husband offered to cut it but I was determined!  The one bite I finally got off was tough and chewy.  The smoke flavoring overpowered it.  So I was done with the steak.  I then tried the ribs.  The meat fell off the bone and was extremely tender.  I did find them tasty but could only eat a couple due to the salt content.  Too salty for me.  I'm not sure if it was the sauce or if they use a rub, but it was overwhelming.  The pecan cole slaw was ok...I expected better.  It needs pineapple  :)    I didn't eat the fries as they were cold by the time I got to them.

Thankfully there was plenty of cornbread on the table which was amazing.  I wish I would have ordered some to take home. 

Would I go back?  Yes, but to try some other items like maybe Bob's Salad.  Sounds really good.  I don't think I could eat the meat again because of the salt and overly smokey flavor.  
The donuts at the end were evil...so maybe I'd go back for cornbread and donuts with a side salad. lol

My BIG complaint is our servers when bringing the receipts were really flustered.  I had two servers arguing behind me about things being wrong.  That is unprofessional and unnecessary around your customers.  I held my tongue but it was difficult.  If you have problems with your receipts...take it away from  your customers to sort it out.  I have no problem reiterating what I had and you can ring up a new receipt to get it clear and most people at our table would have felt the same way.  Again, DO NOT ARGUE in hearing distance of your customers.  It can ruin a nice evening for us.

Anyway, many of the friends with us loved their meal and I know Bobby Q's is a favorite for some.  Unfortunately I am not one of them."
"This is my favorite bbq place in town! I've never had a bad experience here. The service is always great and the food is just out of this world. Even the lemonade - the first time I ordered it, I thought they misheard me and thought I ordered a cocktail because of the sugar rim, but no. It's just delicious homemade lemonade, the best I've ever had. My favorite part is the fresh, hot, homemade donut holes they give you for free at the end of the meal - So delicious!"
Just don't understand the ratings here. Service was excellent. But food was just okay. Brisket and Baby Back Ribs were way overcooked. Brisket was like baby food consistency and tasteless without the sauce. NO smokes ring and no smokey flavor. Weird for a place that says that they smoke their meats on premises with mesquite wood. The grilled vegetables were basically raw with no seasoning. Mash potatoes were good. Ranch beans were good. My wife liked the cornbread. But overall was just okay food wise when considering the main attraction is the BBQ itself. Again service was awesome and she was tipped well for that and not the food. Ambiance is good but I tend to rate places on food and overall experience and the meat brought it down. Much better BBQ places around but perhaps just none in this area.
"Had hubby's birthday dinner; this was one of our best dining experiences! Service was awesome, food was delicious (we had St. Louis ribs, three meat combo and baked cobbler) and ambience was great. Will recommend to our friends and definitely return again. :)"
"Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere, great server. It was a bit pricey, but the portions were huge, for the most part. I guess this is one of the city's top 100 places to eat, according to Yelp. It was definitely a good place to grave a bite and drink on a Wednesday night."
"This place looks great, its incredibly spacious, amazing southern decor, insanely clean bathrooms and extremely friendly people.

The food is incredible, especially their ribs, we did the HEAVENLY HOG which is supposed to be for 2 people but TRUST ME you need a third person to finish this off otherwise you will die driving back home due to the most incredible food coma of your life. The hog consists of 4 meats and 3 sides, the meats are plentiful and we got baby back ribs, st louis ribs, brisket, and sausage and sides were mac n cheese, string fries basically thin fries, and ranch beans which were basically pinto beans and some pulled pork inside (i didnt taste any ranch).

Baby back ribs were 5/5 for sure, super tender and fall off the bone type, one of the best i've ever had. St louis ribs were also 5/5 and slightly different flavor and has some of that cartilage but i dig that stuff so nom nom. The brisket was very lean and smoky on the sides, which some people like but I was eh about it, I think i just dont like brisket all that much in general unless its slightly fattier than usual so this one was just alright for me 3/5. The sausage is really interesting in that its a bit dry, but they have this marinade prior to it at least it tastes like it did and has a really smoky flavor which i thought was interesting but overall just decent, 3.5/5. The mac n cheese is some of the cheesiest/creamiest mac n cheese you will ever have it was seriously some of the best ever in my opinion and I dont usually even like mac n cheese 5/5. Beans were fairly standard with the pulled pork, good if you like pinto beans 4/5. The string fries could be better in that it was fairly standard fries but slightly hard, not really but just if i had to nitpick 3/5. Overall you get A TON of food for $48 and i highly recommend you have 3ppl eat it despite the menu saying 1 really person could consume this, highly unlikely unless you're a competitive eater. 

Complementary corn bread is given prior to the meal and IT IS THE BEST CORN BREAD EVER its so good that I forget why I used to hate corn bread. Oh right probably because just about everywhere else I've had it it was always dry and bland, but this place is the ultimate exception 5/5. Also after you pay you get complementary donut dessert and I think they say they bake that in house and its a super light, fits in the palm, a small super sugared donut and its also delish 5/5. I'll definitely come back here and probably one of my fav bbq places of all time."
Excrllent brisket...probably the best I've  had in Arizona. Mac and cheese was a bit too creamy for my taste. The service was superb
"This is THE best southern restaurant! No doubt about it. My fav restaurant in the world. I come here often. The food doesn't compare ANYWHERE else. I love the mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, ribs everything. Great customer service everyone makes you feel welcome. I love the atmosphere."
"Had a great dinner at Bobby Q's, tonight, as always the food was amazing, especially the mac and cheese and I must say our waiter DEAN was awesome! He explained all the specials offered suggestions and when our food was served made sure to check and see that it was cooked to order, which it was! Definitely recommend Bobby Q's, great atmosphere, great food and great staff!"
"My wife and I really enjoyed this place.  There was a great buzz and energy level.  The waitress was friendly and helpful.  We shared 4 different kinds of their BBQ meats, and they were all delicious.  The brisket was fantastic.  We also shared 4 sides and they were all terrific; the corn was really great."
Great food our waitresses Destiny was very helpful. It was my first time here. She went over the menu with us. Answered any questions we had. The spinach dip is scrumptious. I ordered the bqq baked potato with chicken and a side of grilled vegetables delicious. I will definitely be returning.
"Great place, I will be coming back but if you wanna eat here make sure you call ahead for reservations or you will be waiting about a hour to eat..."
"I absolutely love this place!  Best bbq experience I've  had in the valley. Great meats,  sauces and sides. Gotta try the mac n cheese!  Just when you think you can't possibly stuff another bite in your mouth,  they bring out a bag of fried mini donuts tossed in sugar with your bill."
"Travis treated us like royalty from the start to the end of our family dinner for four. He made terrific recommendations and even let us sample some of the sides so we could make just the right choice with our meals. The brisket was delectable, the steak tender and tasty, the ribs were moist and meaty. We simply loved the cornbread and the Q rolls. Travis kept our drinks freshened, but never hovered or made us feel uncomfortable as we enjoyed our meal and family celebration. We are already planning our next visit and plan to ask for Travis by name."
Pricey but worth every penny. I had a carzy pineapple dink that made the whole night perfect.
"We came here for a much needed date night w my boyfriend. He saw this place off the freeway so we decided to have dinner here. When we came in they said it was going to be a 20-30 min wait which was fine w us. We took a seat at the bar to enjoy a few drinks while we waited but we got seated before our drinks even came out. Already a plus. Our server, Cameron, came over introduced himself and gave us a history lesson about the location on how their meals are prepared, which was very good to know. He suggested the Q-rolls for an appetizer and they were amazing. Our meal was outstanding, I had the fried chicken, my boyfriend had the 3 meat combo. Lets just saw we had to take doggie bags home lol. Then I believe the night manager, Lauren, came over introduced herself and thanked us for visiting. I have not been to a location that has such great customer service in such a long time like this. I've been in customer service myself for over 20 years and it's wonderful to see that an establishment like this one truly cares about their guests. Thank you and we will definitely be back."
Terrible service!! This was our third time here and I was shocked at the service. Our waitress was always missing and not coming to our table at all. When she did she never brought us back stuff we asked for. The food did not taste like it usually does. They gave us 3 donuts for a family of 5. Not sure if management changed but I was very disappointed. I will not be coming back!.
"Navigating the parking lot and figuring out which door to go in was interesting the first trip, but once inside, I liked the decor. High ceilings with obligatory (this IS Phoenix after all) yet interesting leaf-looking fans, huge wood doors (non-functional) and unique and interesting antique pieces definitely added to the overall feel of the place for me.  I like places with some character.  Though the contrast with the more modern and trendy tables, chairs and centerpieces on the tables along with the high-energy model-slim all-in-black with plunging necklines waitstaff was odd for me.  I mean, pretty is pretty, but I'm looking for tasty food and a warm welcome, not warmth anywhere else if you know what I'm saying (that's what places like Hooters were made for, no?).  I'm a bit more low-key when I dine out, though I must compliment the attentiveness and overall service.  My iced tea glass was never empty and ""to go"" boxes (with Thank-Q donuts) were promptly brought when requested (eyes always bigger than stomach).

Now - the food.  Definitely the place to go when you're craving really tender meat. The brisket is divine and they had me at pulled pork. Seriously. Meat roasted for 18 hours and I didn't have to do it myself? Heaven!! Now everyone seems to rave about the mac & cheese, but personally I am in love with the ranch beans - with pieces and shreds of brisket and pork in it. I was surprised at how tasty it was. I'd do takeout just for that.  The spinach artichoke dip was a bit high-fat for me and I had to stop after a few bites though my dining companion was happy to finish it off. Tasty but heavy.  The peach cobbler was not my choice, but I did have some and it was ok for what it was but it didn't wow me.

I will definitely be back for more brisket, pulled pork and ranch beans, but I may just as well get it ""to go."""
"Fantastic baby back ribs and brisket, and the onion loaf starter is not to be missed. Great vege sides for the non-carnivores."
"In these days of turmoil in the world and a rough economy, a place where you can go to feel the warm fuzzies, be cozy, and get good value for your money would be what you're looking for, right?   Well then, you have found it at Bobby Q.  And even non-carnivores can enjoy themselves.

The moment I got out of my car the seductive scents of smokey bbq wafted into my nose.  Winding through the patio with a bit of a ramschackle look with plants and tin and who knows else (but it's all for show), I enter the inner sanctum:  spacious and with dark walls, high ceilings, big paddle fans, and a bustling atmosphere.  A cheerful hostess greets my wife and I and takes us to our table.

The seating is comfortable, and the lighting is bright enough to read the menus but low enough to enjoy.  Our waitress, Tiffany, is a real joy.  She is very cheerful, checks on us just enough, and gets the orders correct.  She came out in short order and answers all our questions knowledgeably, and soon brings out the first golden nuggets of our meal: complimentary corn bread (they look like muffins without the tops).  They are delicious: very warm, melting in your mouth, moist, and with little pieces of corn in them.  The accompanying butter is hardly needed.

The menu, of course, focuses on meat, but for those inclined towards other proteins, there are other options: grilled salmon and shrimp  for example.  My wife order the baby back ribs with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies.  I got the grilled salmon, grilled veggies and pecan cole slaw.  I also had the ""homemade"" lemonade which came with free refills.  It was refreshing, but a bit on the sweet side.

I first got a side salad.  It was a decent size but basically iceberg lettuce with a few cherry tomatoes, croutons, shredded cheese and a little green pepper topped with red onions.  Warning: if you don't eat pork, they sprinkle bacon bits on top, which wasn't mentioned on the menu.  I got the blue cheese dressing, which didn't have lots of flavor but had real little pieces of blue cheese.

Soon the entrees came out, and they were good-sized.  My salmon was nicely seared and with a slight crispiness outside and very moist inside, served with a light sweet sauce on top.  The grilled veggies were green pepper, onion chunks, zucchini, and summer squash, served with a light vinaigrette.  Very tasty.  The serving size was about 1/2 cup.  The pecan cole slaw was good sized, with the right amount of mayo, and topped with the nuts (so if you are allergic to nuts, they simply can leave it off).  I wound up taking home 1/2 the fish and slaw and some veggies to make a lunch!

My wife finished off the 1/2 rack of ribs that she said just fell off the bone.  She took home some of the generous portion of mashed potatoes.  I tasted them: they were red skin potatoes with some of the skin in there and plenty of flavoring and very good.

While we had a generous meal, we felt for the benefit of our readers to press on and have dessert.  While ""Death by Chocolate"" cake sounded tempting, they were out of it, so we got Peach Cobbler instead. It came in a bowl: sliced peaches topped with a light pastry that was seasoned with the warming spices of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves (it seemed) and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Along with that we received the complimentary mini-doughnuts dusted with sugar and cinnamon.  Those melted in your mouth.  Tiffany gave us both two, but they never made it home!   Oh, and the Peach Cobbler was delicious, too!

Verdict: this is a great place for families and couples and anyone else as it is very welcoming and has great food to suit most tastes.  Except probably not if you're vegan.  I left it with a nice warm feeling all over and the thought that I would return.

Yelpers: there is currently a discount of 10% off the bill if you mention it."
"I was always hesitant to open my heart to this restaurant because (a) it has about the worst name they could have possibly chosen, and (b) it gets a lot of hype, but now that I work right across the street, I *have* to try it.

My first visit, I went with a tried-and-true classic, and something most people could probably agree is a barbecue bellwether: pork ribs.

Along with the ribs, I had their slightly disappointing lemonade (their beverage selection is quite weak for a barbecue place) and the beans on the side.  The beans were at an acceptable level of quality for a good barbecue place.  The ribs, however, shined.  Melt-in-your-mouth tender, these ribs were smoky and tasty, and the meat just falls off the bone.  You don't even need to pick these up; you can use your fork if you wish.

Of course, I couldn't issue a verdict on a place like this after just one visit.  I went back, and this time for the smokehouse burger cooked medium rare, with shoestring fries.  I don't usually order burgers at barbecue places, but I heard good things about this burger.  And boy, did it live up to expectations.  I am not usually a fan of barbecue sauce on my burgers, but this one really worked.  Part of it was the crispy onion straws, and part of it was the fact that the cook was very close to the mark on the meat temperature.

The meat wasn't particularly lean, so it is a burger you can probably order medium and still have plenty of moisture left.

The fries were also tasty, and were a perfect complement for this burger.

Now, one thing I am not a fan of is the ambiance.  It doesn't seem to have that rustic feel that you usually expect from a barbecue joint; this place seems just a tad too upscale, if that makes sense.  But I cannot deny that they make some great food here.  One could make the case that, despite their horrible moniker, Bobby Q serves up the best barbecue in the Phoenix area."
"The service is outstanding!

The food is mouthwatering!

He usually has the ribs...I usually have the prime rib, both are delicious. I love how the corn is served, slices of the corn cob with tasty bites of corn left to nibble. The corn bread is a good as a dessert...sweet with kernels of corn within.  We have made it to dessert once. The sub zero banana cream pie is divine. The portions are huge and there are always leftovers to take home....plus the extra little treat they give each customer!

One of these days we'll try something else on the menu, but for now....we love ordering the same meal each time."
"Absolutely loved our first time here since it was Bobby McGee's.  Taylor our server was quick and prepared to let us know why the change occurred. Very very impressed with the food. The manager stopped by our table to check on us and seemed very sincere.  Taylor was a superb server, attentive and very friendly. We actually talked about who and why would bring family and friends back asap."
"On a business trip and was craving prim rib. Yelp reviews took me to this place for the first time. I had the prim rib with baked potato and corn. The food was very good and the fresh homemade lemonade made it even better!
The girl who served my table ( Monique)was very nice and she made a great suggestions on food.
They also have them insane donuts that they made fresh and they were so good
If I come back to Phoenix anytime I'll make sure I eat at this place at least once !
Thank you all the people at Bobby Q!"
"Look out Kansas City, we have competition! Brisket and ribs were tender (no sauce needed). MacnCheese and cornbread were delicious. Catfish was yummy. To top it off, excellent service!"
Monday nights are not packed. no reservations required. Seated right away. closes at nine so late dinners might have a time crunch but the waiting staff is super nice.
This was by far some of the best most amazing delicious melt-in-your-mouth barbecue that I have ever ever had. Fantastic looking restaurant. Fantastic staff. Amazing service. Everything was delicious. And very reasonable. I I highly recommend the two meat combo.
"We were in the area and decided to Yelp our dinner location. This place came up at the top of the search with over 500 reviews, you know we had to see what all the fuss was about. Coming down 27th street we thought Google Maps was getting us lost. There was no way a bomb BBQ joint was next to all these apartments. Well once we passed the last apartment building on the right, we saw Bobby's. The building was not impressive from the parking lot, not to mention we were parked behind the restaurant. I thought rusty shack = good food. I was glad I stuck with my instinct. 
We turned the corner and could instantly smell the smoker putting in work on slabs of ribs and brisket. Inside the decor was modern and clean. After seating we were greeted quickly and with a smile. I could hardly listen to what she saying because my eyes were fixated on the 40 chickens rolling in the rotisserie oven. We ordered the Hog Heaven plate for three of us, while my son had the smokehouse burger. Let me just say this is plenty of food for a family of 4. Four choices of meats with three sides. I highly recommend the baby back ribs as one of the meats. If you have no teeth, you can still chew these. My mouth had an orgasm when I bit into them. They were so tender, there was no knife needed to separate them. The brisket, St. Louis ribs, and chicken rounded out the plate. Mac and cheese side dish is a must! So creamy and the cheese was outstanding. You can tell that time was taken to prepare our meal that came out quickly. The cornbread was oven hot and was perfectly cooked with a hint of crunchiness on the edges. I had the Bobby Q Ale for my drink and it was a solid choice. It was very bold and complimented the BBQ sauce that was all over my fingers. Visit this place in the near future, hopefully your experience is as good as mine. This spot moved into the first priority when dining out in Phoenix."
"Horrible experience... My boyfriend and I came here the other day had to wait not even 5 minutes to be sat. The server came a few minutes later and seemed like he was nervous and new.. A little awkward but overall was nice. He got our drink order and we ordered some appetizers. The fries were delicious the wings on the other hand were just ok.. We decided to share a 12oz WELL DONE  ""filet mignon"". It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out and the server kept apologizing for the wait and said  it was being ""cooked to perfection"". Which was ok since we ordered it WELL DONE. The steaks finally came out and they were nice enough to split the plates for us. I cut into my steak and it was not even close to well done.. Too too pink.. We were upset because it took so long we were hoping it would Atleast Come out properly.. My boyfriend cut into his and it was slightly pink.. So he gave me his steak but both steaks weren't the way we asked... We told out server and he didn't offer to take our steaks away until a manager came by and the manager said we were gonna get some new steaks... They brought out the ""new ones"" but it was clearly the same ones just put on the grill longer... 
No flavor at all and very tough to bite into , if we're spending $20-25 on a steak we have some decent expectations.. My boyfriend and I didn't eat much of the steak the manager had to take a second look deciding if he should take the steaks off.. They gave us 9$ off.. 
Disappointed completely. 

One star for the fries and the delicious corn bread.."
"The food here is amazing. If you're visiting Phoenix Arizona, this is one of the GO TO places."
"THE BEST BBQ PLACE I'VE FOUND IN PHOENIX!! OMG! I can't wait till the next time we have another family outting. Everyone in my family was happy with their food. From the prime ribs to the baby back ribs to the kid's mac and cheese to the shoe string fries and to the pineapple martini... EVERYTHING WAS A TEN TEN TEN TEN! On top of everything else, yelp gave me a 10% discount for checking in! WINNING!!! I'm super excited we gave this place a try!! LOVE IT!!"
"This is likely the best BBQ to be found in the Phoenix metro.  It's far and away better than anything to be had in southern California and comparable to the mid-range places in more BBQ-centric parts of the U.S.  In Phoenix, that puts it at 4 stars and I'd give it 5 if I didn't have such a great experience at another BBQ joint a month before in another state.

Bottom line: if you desperately need a BBQ fix, you could do a lot worse in Phoenix and if you are a little less desperate and just looking for some good BBQ, you will still leave satisfied."
"As we neared Bobby Q's from the rear entrance in the dark, my wife and I had to assume it was the popular bbq place by the glowing Christmas-style lights adorned on the roof and beer signs on the side of the roadhouse-inspired building, as there aren't any signs to notify potential customers of it's presence from that entrance.

Upon nearing the building on foot, I was impressed with all of the outside seating available, complete with an outside bar and several TV's.

We were promptly seated, as it didn't appear very busy for a Saturday evening.  The hostess and waitress were very friendly and knowledgeable.  Soon after ordering our drinks, we were given two pieces of cornbread, which were tasty and not just regular square, dry cornbread that comes from the box.

Soon after we each ate a piece of cornbread and had consumed some our drinks, we couldn't believe it when our order arrived so quickly!  (I've had to wait much longer at Dairy Queen for food).  I got a half rack of St Louis-style ribs, which were very good, but a little more expensive than other places charge, but worth it for the quality of service and cleanliness of the restaurant.  The macaroni and cheese didn't disappoint us. It was very cheesy and pleasing to the taste buds. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they give a ten percent discount when you check-in there on yelp, which is always an added incentive.

After finishing our meal, we were given a couple of ""Thank Q's,""  which are their freshly made small doughnuts that are a nice little complimentary dessert.

Overall, I was impressed with the restaurant and plan on returning there.  I would definitely recommend it to friends, or anyone who wants to have a good time with a large party."
"Found this place through Yelp because Pappadeaux's was packed and I wanted a Poboy! Our server Chelsea asked us if it was our first time there, and was excited to tell us they age their meats and slow cook them. My bf and I weren't sure what we wanted for an appetizer, so Chelsea recommended Q-pops. They were mouth watering beef brisket taquito type appetizers with BBQ sauce and chipotle sauce. The Mister ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich with Grilled Veggies and I got my Catfish Poboy with Potato Salad. Everything was so delicious!!! They also give you cornbread, which tasted sweet. I cannot wait to come back and try out the rest of the menu!"
Hands down the best BBQ place I've ever had... never given a restaurant a 5 star but this one deserves it.. everything was on point from the cornbread all the way to free dessert when u leave.. try the ribs and the brisket (stay away from the beef ribs and get the pork ribs)
"The food and service were fantastic. We had a large group reservation and had many people not show. The manager and staff were so accommodating, understanding and kind. I will definitely be back."
Wow! We were in this area and decided to yelp for the highest rated restaurant. Bobby Q's was the one. We were so happy with our choice! The food and service were both amazing. Our kids walked away saying it was the best restaurant ever. The baby back ribs and smokehouse burger were the best. We also enjoyed the corn bread muffins at the beginning.  We will definitely be coming back. It's a new favorite for us.
"One of our family favorites!  Amazing food, and if you have Garrett, amazing service as well!"
"BBQ restaurants can sometimes be overwhelming with all the choices. Luckily we were sent the one and only Chelsea as our server! She clearly has enthusiasm for her job and an outstanding attitude. She was on point for all three parts of our meal. The brisket was delicious. If I could have, I would have ordered all burnt ends. The meat was juicy and tender. The babyback ribs, flavorful and moist. The appetizer course would have been a great main course. The Q rolls were like brisket lumpia with BBQ sauce or chipotle mayo. The apple cobbler for dessert was just the right combo of sweet and tart. 3for3. Either Chelsea is lucky or she's a Bobby Q's savant. I'd go with the latter."
"Honestly, with the state of BBQ in this city I almost gave this a 4-star review. Nice smoke flavor, but had a steam-table quality to the meats (like they had been sitting in a warmer for a while). No bark with the pork and no smoke ring on the brisket, which made me wonder if the meat was really smoked for 18 hours as advertised. However, the sausage had nice snap, good spice, and smoke, so at least that was legit...unfortunately, a real BBQ joint needs better brisket/pork (did not try the ribs) to get a high rating.

This place was a good value, nice service, and satisfying food. I'll try the ribs next time, but my search for real barbecue in the valley continues."
"Amazing food and great to work with!! I use them for catering every once in a while, and will be using them more in the future. Make sure you try the brisket and sausage! The baby backs are also incredible!!"
"Great bbq! Some of the best we have had. Our server, Carmella, was amazing and the rest of the staff were very friendly. Gives Texas a run for its money"
"This place was AMAZING! Thank you help for pointing us in this places direction. We were late for our reservation (that we made here on Yelp) but we were still immediately seated when we arrived. 

What we had

Q-Rolls: You have to get these. Crispy on the outside, tender flavorful brisket on the inside. Both dipping sauces were great. Literally waited maybe 3 minutes for them to come out. 

Full Baby Back Rib meal with mash potatoes and grilled veggies. My son was freaking out over how tender the ribs were. Falling off the bone. He said both sides we're good too. 

2 Meat Combo with Brisket and St Louis ribs. Everything was juicy. Ribs were falling off the bone. I only needed a fork to eat them. I had the Mac and cheese and the baked potato. I like my Mac and cheese more baked than creamy but the flavor was great. 

Apple cobbler was piping hot. The ice cream was melted in minutes. Not my favorite cobbler. I like mine with more crumble oaty topping but thats just me. 

The dessert donuts at the end we're perfects crispy and soft on the middle. 

Four thumbs up to our server Harlod (per the receipt) but I swore his name was Hal. He was so friendly, informative and quick to refill drinks. He also checked on us frequently. 

If we are ever back in Phoenix we will for sure eat here again. Tons better than any BBQ spot we're tried in San Diego."
"Great food and service. The baby back ribs and St. Louis ribs , along with the brisket are our favorites. We came the 1st time on Easter and couldn't wait to come back. The staff and atmosphere of the restaurant are very welcoming."
"Every visit for the past seven years have proven to be consistently amazing. Great service, flavorful food. Pretty much everything on the menu is AMAZING!"
"They would get 5 stars if the female staff were more attentive to EVERYONE at the table and not just my husband, Forgot my drinks multiple times but were constantly refilling his. Then she just kept trying to engage him in a conversation and actually started flirting with him ( playing with her hair and PUT HER HAND ON HIS) We left immediately and i was EXTREMELY upset."
This probably the Best Beef Brisket I ever had!!! This is my second time here the last time I felt the same way and that was 7 years ago!!!
"This place is ridiculously good.  From the cornbread, to the ribs, bothers and sugar donuts, it's quite delicious.  The service was great, too.  Highly recommended."
"I tried Bobby Q's tonight for the first time. Our waiter Jason recommended  some items and everyrhing was delicious. The Brisket was so tender and the ribs fell right off the bone. Great Bbq! I would highly recommend, if you're in the Phoenix area."
"I am mixed on this one as a ""go to"" place for an every time college-parent-visiting-out-of-towner. We enjoyed the experience, but probably once tried once satisfied. This is your traditional, but unique, big-shack BBQ atmosphere with a donut twist. As you walk up, the smells are incredible and you are greeted by very friendly people. I ordered the 3 sampler of pork, brisket and sausage. The sausage was smoked to perfection - very good. The others seemed on par with any other good bbq sampling - not disappointed but not blown away. Certainly worth a four-star, but not tickled plenty as a 5 star - bbq rarely is. The problem is we ate a bunch, and It stays with you for a while. Advice is start small and come back often if you love bbq. The parting sugar donuts are a great benefit, but made with peanut oil so allergies beware. Too heavy to be a go-to spot every time."
"This place rivals the Memphis rendezvous!!!  Some of the best BBQ, slaw and beans we have ever had!!
Impeccable service from the minute we walked in the door straight through to the end with our very satisfied bellys and tastebuds. And thank you Emmy for the wonderful service!!"
"While reading the free Glendale paper at a much-suckier restaurant I scoped a coupon for Bobby Q-$30 for two dinners, appetizer and dessert.  I figured what the heck, I've heard a lot of good things about this place, though I've been burned before it doesn't make me fear that fire :)  So me and a buddy went for some Q this past weekend.
This place is actually a lot hipper and nicer than the...umm....kinda crap neighborhood would make you think it would be...the entrance is not really well marked, we thought they were closed because we couldn't get in!!  We could be dumb though...
The brisket rolls were deep fried goodness, nothing wrong with that.  Chicken/rib combo was solid very moist, though I would have appreciated more smoke flavor.  And the spare ribs had that gristly-mini-bones-fatty-section action (though not unusual for untrimmed spare ribs)  The sauce and the sides (mashed potato and mac-n-cheese) were good and the portions are absolutely ENORMOUS!  I'm still eating their Q!!"
"Looking for great BBQ in Phoenix, look no further. You can smell their food from down the street, and my stomach was rumbling just from reading the menu! So many choices (get a sampler we did!). You get a generous helping of the different BBQ meats PLUS sides & corn bread. The ribs were outstanding so tender, sauced perfectly, and finger licking good! You can get mixed drinks here if you want & desserts looked amazing but we were too full to get any this time out."
Seriously the best BBQ I have had. I fly over from California to see family and this is one of my main stops when I get to Phoenix.  The St Louis Ribs are tender and yummy. Try the corn because they have a smoky flavor and just delicious.  The brisket is also something worth ordering.   Order the $48 (I think that was the cost) Family Feast.  It can literally feed a family of 4.
"My parents love coming here when they're in town. There is almost always a wait, so I highly recommend making reservations. The service is always good and the bbq... well, its pretty delicious. You can't go wrong with the St. Louis style ribs or the Pulled Pork- the Brisket, however, was a little dry on our last visit. You will definitely have left overs, so sharing isn't a bad idea. ****4 Stars."
Ok was really excited to try this place. I ordered the brisket platter thinking it would be a better representation of what the beef is like as compared to the sandwich. Often times restaurants will use the crumbs or shavings for their sandwiches. My food was good but the 4 slices of beef were very very thin. I estimate it to have been a quarter of a pound of meat. For $21 I would think the portions would be a bit more. Brisket is better when cut greater than 1/4 inch. So this is why I am not giving it 5 Stars. The Mac and cheese was very good as well as the beans and corn bread.
"I'm getting pretty close to not setting foot in here again.  Here's why:
As a regular, I not only go there for the food, but because of the people.  I have known these servers and bartenders for years, right up until they get shopped and fired.  That's right folks, my meals are usually almost ALWAYS ruined by some idiot shopping a beloved server or bartender of mine and I have to sit there and listen to Joe Shmo ask moronic questions like (no joke) ""can my daughter have a beer?  She's sixteen....what's the legal age to consume alcohol?""  Now as a former secret shopper myself for a LARGE company, here's a few words of advice, train your shoppers, a want ad in the newspaper is ridiculous.  If you care THAT much about customer service, let your customers be your shoppers, because I can spot these idiots when they walk in, and most of them LOVE the idea of judging a young person and making them sweat for their job.  Shame on you.  Secondly as a loyal customer, the way I was treated by your shoddy excuse of management when having an allergic reaction to peanuts in your dessert was appalling.  Here's my assessment as a former shopper:

1.) When I asked the wait staff if the chocolate dessert had peanuts in it, they seemed sure it did not, but nobody could be sure because it wasn't printed on the menu.  Upon having two bites of the dessert my mouth immediately swelled up and I had an allergic reaction.  Ciara and Toni were very concerned and attentive, offering water and even a concoction to help me purge the food if needed.  They both kept a watchful eye on me while making sure to not neglect other patrons.
2.) I asked to speak to a manager to merely suggest for the second time (this happened before with their banana dessert) that as an establishment, they should protect themselves by listing peanut ingredients on the menu.  The manager replied that usually when someone has an allergy they tell the server and then the server tells the kitchen, thus making me the customer feel like it was a failure on my part to notify and announce my allergy to the entire restaurant upon my arrival.  Sitting there astounded, I asked if I was indeed hearing what I was hearing, and she glossed over it, thanked me for the feedback, said they were going to reprint their menus at some point, offered to call ""someone""I'm assuming an ambulance, and pat me on the back and left.  Really?

So here's the deal, the food is good, the servers and bartenders are the best.  Pretty much everyday they work in fear of losing their job, and I can't support that.  They remember what you drink, how you like your food prepared, your name, and that's not something you get in chain restaurants, but the regulars, the ones who you could count on to support the place, they've slowly disappeared, and I'm headed that way myself.  Unless you've been sitting at your spot, enjoying your meal only to have it RUINED by some jerk shopping your friend and one of many favorite bartenders or servers, you don't know what sick is.  Getting a job in today's economy is difficult enough, but these people treat the mostly 20 something employees like slave  workers who are fortunate to be breathing the bobby q air.  I can't fathom going in to work everyday wondering if it's my last.  Finally, when a regular has a concern like PUT PEANUTS ON YOUR MENU, it's not just for the patrons benefit, but your own, and you failed to see that, instead you shrugged me off and couldn't get out of my presence fast enough; I know when I'm being patronized, don't forget, I can shop you too, and you failed big time, as in you'd be fired.  Good customer service is what Pita Jungle did where they asked me for my phone number or email address to discuss further (turned out to be pine nuts that were most likely cross contaminated).

So in conclusion, when you look around and wonder where all the regular money was that you could always count on coming in every dY at the same time, it's probably at the Black Angus, one of your former regulars is now a regular there, people can go there and grab some food and a drink or two without witnessing the torture you inflict on you're employees.  Shame on you."
"In my opinion, this restaurant has the best food in Phoenix. Everything tastes great. I wish they were located in a safer neighborhood so that people can go there for dinner. But other than that, this place is amazing!!! I go there at least once a month to get my favorite ""smokehouse burger"". This is by far the best burger in AZ. I love burgers in general and I have tried just about every place in phx but I have to say this smokehouse burger beats them all."
"Why aren't these guys at the Best in the West Nugget Rib Cook-off?? Their ribs are literally, physically, whole heartedly, ballistically, supercalifragilistically fall off the bone tender. The meat was holding on for dear life but didn't have a chance. I ordered a full slab just for myself. Mmmhmm pick up your mouth from off the floor, I sure did. AND....ANDDDDDD, when they give you your bill they bring it with fresh, just fried, pipin hot mini donuts sprinkled w/sugar!! 

If you're in the Phoenix area and want some bangin BBQ, take yo a55 to Bobby-Q. You'll be glad you did."
"Let's just say...WOW! Every aspect of our dining experience at Bobby Q was amazing. The meal starts with endless corn bread, which falls apart in your mouth. The portions are extremely generous, so try not to fill up on appetizers (which are also amazing, by the way). The brisket, pulled chicken, steak fried chicken; and burger were equally delicious!! And the sides are difficult to choose from and will definitely not disappoint!! I'm confident that you can't go wrong with anything on this menu!! Would definitely go back and recommend to all family and friends!! Would go back 10 times out of 10!"
Went here on a Wednesday night. Waited 20 minutes to be seated. The atmosphere was killer and the server was very nice but my $35 steak that we waited 30 minutes for was WAY overcooked. They were also out of blue moon draft. I imagine I just caught them on a bad night  but I don't think I'll be coming back.
"Service is impeccable and the food is delicious with great portions! The drinks are great, the free donuts on your way out are a nice touch! If anyone asks me for great BBQ I send them to Bobby Q's no questions asked."
"The smoke house wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Q rolls a must have, and the brisket was too die for."

We had a reservation and were seated immediately. We sat for about 15 minutes without the waitstaff acknowledging us. Called a waitress over and explained the situation. She took our order right away. The manager came over and offered no excuses ( which I liked) just apologized. Made remedies to our bill and free desert. Loved the food. I just moved here. Was looking for good BBQ here and found it. Will be back again. Thanks so much.
"AMAZING! The brisket was definitely the highlight for me, but nothing I had was even close to being sub par. BBQ sauce was just as good."
I am not a big yelp reviewer because as a server it can make or break you but from the moment I walked into this restaurant I was blown away from service to food I had a friend who was visiting from Iowa who I had not seen in so long and I wanted to take her and her family somewhere they would really enjoy the food was so amazing I would come back and order Togo food the server mike was exceptional and as a set I never expect less our drinks were never empty and the pre bussing was on point never had an empty plate in front of me I will definitely be back I loved it
"Make sure to make a reservation anytime you go, unless you're willing to wait a good 1-2 hours. Place fills up quick because of amazing food and service. My wife and I were sitting at our table within 2 minutes, we already knew what we wanted so we ordered right away. What was surprising is that the food came out within 5 minutes, not even enough time to enjoy my beer. We ordered the whole hog heaven which was $51, we were intensely stuffed and even had plenty of leftovers. That whole hog heaven could easily feed a family of four. Thumbs way up for this place."
First time trying this place today. Stopped in with a friend for a late lunch. Our waiter Jonah was beyond amazing. He recommended the corn bread to start then gave us suggestions for other appetizers. Q rolls were delicious along with the wings and chicken tenders. The manager Taylor went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. When we were finished they brought us sugar doughnuts that were the best. We sat outside on the patio that was spacious and held a lot of charm. I will definitely be back to visit with friends.
"The search is officially over. Call off the hounds and rendezvous at Bobby Q. With a name so simple yet perplexing, it must either be the greatest or worst barbecue to have ever existed in this Quadrant. Like a gift from a god, their smoked ribs and brisket are tender to the touch and have the tendency to fall onto the table before reaching your plate. Such tragedy. Minus 1. Their sauce oomph is somewhat mild along with its sweetness and to me that is a blessing. Being a victim of the great-bbq-but-bad-sides or the so-so-bbq-but-good-sides, Bobby Q has made a believer in me that there is a higher power out there that watches over us and to those that do great things, rewards us. Mission accomplished."
We were here visiting colleges from California. I was told this was a great place! The food was delicious! Best BBQ I've had. We also got the brisket roll appetizer! Yummy....it was the best. The cornbread and donuts at the end. Yummy too.  I would recommend this to anybody in the Phoenix area!
"Great food and great service, Jessica, our waitress was especially efficient, friendly and helpful. Loved the pork sandwich .. One thing esp nice was the patio. It's nice to be outside without car and road noise. Highly recommend."
"Good baby back ribs! They melt in your mouth. The BBQ sauce was sweetish ... Even the spicy BBQ sauce was sweetish. Would love to see them maybe mix it up a little bit with the sauces - maybe even on the side.
The chicken wings were fine too - a tad chewy, but good. 
Very generous portions and good service! Overall, a very good experience! I'll definitely be coming back."
"The food here is amazing, especially the baby back ribs. Well priced for the amount of food that you are getting. Didnt even wait long for the food to be ready. Shout out to Cody for being an awesome waiter. Great service. Great food. 5 stars"
"A girlfriend of mine wanted to give this place a try. I personally shy away from BBQ spots as they generally are overpriced, they over-sauce and under produce according to my BBQ standards. However, this place is good and I will definitely return. We decided on the Whole Hog Heaven as we are East Valley folk and although we plan on returning it may be a while, so a sample of everything is what we were aiming for. We chose the baby backs and St. Louis for ribs and sausage and brisket for our other meat options. For sides we ordered the Mac and Cheese, which was delicious by the way, fries, ranch beans and an extra side of roasted corn. The meal came with cornbread.  The food was delicious and plentiful. The ribs were tender, meat falling off the bones. The brisket was good but I have had better. The sausage was tasty but nothing spectacular. All of the sides were tasty. I left there with a full belly, a hefty to go bag and no compliant. I will be back."
"We were really enjoying the outdoor eating area.....until some yokels at the next table started talking to and feeding the sparrows.  In about 2 minutes we were covered up in birds landing on the ground, on the chairs at our table and even on the table itself.  We got up and entered the building.

So....the food.  We ordered and split the sampler platter, with barbecued chicken, brisket and short-ribs.  All three were top notch.  Fairly good selection of beers, I enjoyed an IPA from Deschutes Brewery, something we don't see much of on the east coast.

Except for the outdoor experience, this is definitely somewhere to check out if you like BBQ."
"The service was great, the product was not. The meal started with some really good corn bread, so we had high hopes. The iced tea was so bad we sent it back twice and ended up switching to Pepsi. They forgot our appitizer until after they brought out the entre. The  q rolls were OK once they got to us. The pulled pork was so over cooked it was nearly the consistency of mashed potatoes. The brisket was ok, nothing worth the $22 price tag for the 2 meat combo. All that being said they knocked of the app and one drink."
"Went with husband and famiky for first time today.  WHAT IS ALL THE HYPE? This was the worst!!!  Had the supposed great burger, which I say was mystry meat. From the first bite it tasted weird.  I had maybe three bites and the texture was so disturbing I could not eat any more.  Diarrhea  for the rest of the day, sure I was poisoned.  Husband had sausage; he loves BBQ, but not sure what he was served.  Crossed both our minds we were served food like the did in Chain Saw Massacre. Taste was horrible.  He didn't finish his either and had a stomach pains. Sticking with Dillion's from now on.  This place cannot compare."
The best barbecue anywhere. Good sauce with tender meats. The brisket was extraordinary! Cornbread and sides were also very good. Highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.
"My wife, son (7) and I went to lunch here during a weekday. It was busy but not crowded and we were able to get a table right away. The waitress we had was excellent, she was knowledgeable, very attentive but not annoyingly so. I got pulled pork platter and my wife got the pulled pork sandwich. Both of these were excellent. The portions were a good size, and the corn bread was very good as well. My wife ordered the lemonade to drink, which she said was great and couldn't get enough of. My son ordered the cheeseburger and was not too impressed, although he is a picky eater sometimes. Also, when leaving, they give you a couple of mini sugar doughnuts as a treat that they make fresh at the front of the restaurant."
"FIVE STARS... My first time, everything was delicious!!! 
Baby back ribs 5 stars
Cheeseburger 5 stars
Kids cheeseburger 5 stars
Onion block 5 stars (BBQ ketchup rules)
Corn bread 5 stars
Free donuts 5 stars
Baked potato 3 stars
This place is a must eat for BBQ FANS"
"Baby back ribs are amazing. Flavor and tenderness is 10/10. Best I've ever had. Mac n Cheese was absolutely delicious! Again, best I've ever had. Loaded mashed potatoes were good and corn bread was great. Customer service was on point. If I could, i'd give this place a 6/5 because of the atmosphere (restaurant side)."
"Food was out of this world!! We had a hard to please group, but everyone left more than satisfied. The wait-staff was also excellent!"
"I have been there three times now because it is absolutely delicious! 
The first time, I got the rotisserie chicken with grilled vegetables- both were outstanding!  
I have also had the salmon, which was great and cooked perfectly. 
I also went there with my family for a birthday celebration, so we all ordered various things.  The whole hog is great because it is a lot of food, and easily feeds 2 people.  The ribs are very tender, and the brisket is awesome!
Everything here is delicious, and this has definitely become one of my favorite places. 
The cornbread is a great little appetizer, though I wouldn't eat too much because I prefer to save room for all of the BBQ!  
Overall, the service is fantastic, and the food is awesome. 
Also, the donuts at the end, are a great touch! :-) 
I would recommend this place to anyone!"
Huge...Huge...HUGE!! Ordered the two way combo. Ribs and Brisket with beans and mashed potatoes. Everything was tasty and the service is really good. Cornbread is ridiculous! We were here for a baseball tournament and the staff took care of the whole team in a professional manner. Definitely a go to place the next time I'm in town.
"So I've traveled various states and up and down California, always looking for as good a bbq I had when I was in Austin (actually Driftwood) at Salt Lick Restaurant. I use that place as the baseline for the best bbq I have ever had. Well, Bobby Q went as close to that level as ANY place I have been to since. The ambiance when you walk in sets the mood for carnivorous meal you are about to encounter. I went with the 3 meal combo, St. Louis ribs, Beef ribs, and the coup de gras sliced beef brisket. The St Louis and Beef were the damn near the best I ever had. I typically ask for the sauce on the side, so I can taste the meat and carefully add the sauce on my own, but this time I forgot. Regardless, it was cooked perfectly and sauced just enough, so the meat was still the star of the plate. The meat came perfectly off the bone and with the sauce was amazing. Herein lies why they didnt get the 5th star. The sliced brisket, although tasty, lacked the nice smoke ring and was cooked a bit too long. Again, it was still delicious, but I couldnt give the 5th star because of that. Also, the mac n cheese, which they say is very popular, was starchy (mind you I dont mind cheese) but the that was lacking in the taste. I washed it down with West Coast IPA from tap so that was a plus as well! And of course, complimentary to the meal was cinnamon sugar mini donuts, 2 per customer that came out with the bill. This was my first foray there, but will definitely not be my last while my son is attending college in AZ. My hats off to this place, as I told that to our waitress that night, as well as the manager."
"Wonderful experience! The ambiance of the patio is warm,  welcoming,  and comfy. Just what I was looking for to enjoy the weather and a sangria (which was quite strong, not as fruity as I've experienced elsewhere.  I ordered the baby back ribs and was delighted. The BBQ sauce was not as spicy as I usually like,  but was delicious in its own way.   While the roasted corn side wasn't what I expected,  they were happy to offer a different choice . I chose the mac & cheese which was heaven! Finished the meal with a half order of death by chocolate.  The cake layers were incredibly delicious,  the ice cream layer less so. Definitely a new favorite!"
"We went to pleasant lake cruise and selected this place for a late lunch. It's a nice place and food was very tasty. They gave more than we can eat. Best rib combo, soft, succulent and savory meat. We do recommend this restaurant to others."
"As a lover of BBQ, I cannot believe it took me 6 years of living in Arizona to find this gem. My girlfriend and I went here after much anticipation on a Sunday afternoon and we were blown away. This is not only THE best BBQ you can get in Arizona, but the service and ambiance are second to none. 

We shared the Whole Hog feast and had enough left over for a late night snack. The cornbread was the most amazing, moist, sweet corn cake I have tasted. Beef ribs?  Amazing, tender, juicy, beefy. Baby Backs? Fall off the bone and meaty, Pulled Pork? Juicy, smokey, melt in your mouth. Brisket? Full of sweet smoke and seasoning. I got an order of burnt ends to take home and the knocked my socks of with the seasoning and smoke - YUM!!!

The manager came by our table and chatted with us for a bit about our meal. She gave us a little history on how Booby Q's came to be. Later, our server came by and informed us we could pick any dessert we wanted - compliments of the manager. We picked the mud pie - again THE best I've ever had. At this point in the meal we were not surprised by the amazing-ness of the dessert. Wow! Hard to find service and attention to the customer like that anymore. 

All in all this is now in my top 3 favorite places to not just eat, but to dine in Arizona. In my opinion, a 5-star dining experience should cater to all 5 senses - Bobby Q's did just that. If I could give a bonus star, I would. If you have not been to this restaurant, stop searching Yelp right now and make plans to go. You will NOT be disappointed."
"I loved the fact that upon seating I was served with some really good, off the chart corn bread.  I ordered the brisket, pulled pork, Mac and cheese, and ranch beans. The protein was super tender and savory. I personally enjoyed the brisket more. The Mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy just the way I like them. The ranch beans were on the sweeter side but some good beans all together. When the receipt was brought to me for payment I received complementary donuts which I thought was so awesome. They sure know what to do to get clients crawling back in.

My friend and I personally felt like the server we had didn't want to be on the job so that was unfortunate."
"What can I say? 4.5 stars and over 1600 reviews. You figure it out, then go eat there. 

I recommend the whole hog heaven, share with another and STILL have leftovers to take home. 

Also, the fact that they give you freshly made donuts at the end of your meal...well, that just seals the deal."
"The service is outstanding. We were greeted by a smiling hostess who seated us right away after having reservations. Devon our waiter was very attentive and polite. Jack the manager came over to our table and introduced himself and asked if we needed anything. Great staff! The food was delicious. Overall, great experience."
Wow!  My friend recommended this place. Beautiful venue with courtyard seating. Awesome burgers and it looked like lots of other menu items were attractive.  I'd come back in a minute as it's a new favorite!
"Over the years this upscale barbeque restaurant has gone downhill. Perhaps it was simply that they were too busy that Saturday evening, but food was sloppily served and overly salty. Worse,, it lacked character; for example the wedge salad was lacking blue cheese and tomato, leaving a chunk of uninteresting iceberg. Evidently, the management has come to the strange notion that throwing onion straws on things makes them worth eating."
"Briskets melt in my month. They make me smile and happy. Food is good, service is good. My husband says the briskets are too soft but not me. PERFECT and BEST IN TOWN! 
My son got ribs kids meal. They were way too smokey. Not sure that's how it supposed to taste. Smokey flavor was overwhelming and he did not eat much. 
We get free homemade donuts after meal. They do taste good but not my favorite. To me, too greasy."
This was one of the best lunches I've ever had. My colleague and I stopped off to enjoy lunch after our meeting. We ordered the smoked brisket in a roll for the appetizer which was absolutely amazing. I had the brisket for lunch. I thought it was really good as well.  But over done as it was falling apart when you touched it. The baked beans were off the chain! Def recommend going here. You'd love it! Try the Bobby Q pale ale. Perfect!
i really enjoy this restuarant. but does anyone else miss bobby mcgees and its maze-like interior filled with would-be actors who honed their craft as servers? and there's nothing like scooping salad out of an oversized bathtub. that's all i'm saying.
"Great BBQ! Visiting Phoenix for the first time and really enjoyed the Smokehouse Burger and Mac and Cheese. Cool ambience, excellent service, and delicious food. Our server Daniel was friendly and prompt and really made our meal an enjoyable experience. Ask for him when you come in!"
This place is the best. Customer service is amazing. The managers are great. I left my credit card and sunglasses here and they were returned to me the next time I came in to eat. Oh and you can't beat the corn bread and donuts. I love this place!
"Ok so we brought our brother and his girl Christina it was her Birthday! Devin and Orlando served us with quality, precision, yup hot food and AMAZING taste! We are amazed at how well this place has ran for years! Didn't know the manager has managed this place 5 years! Hats off tho the WHILE TEAM! Amazing place. So grateful that it is all the best of the best!!"
Kody and Lindsey were amazing hosts! Thoroughly enjoyed the food and service at bobby Qs as always! The donut at the end is actually my favorite part :)
"Awesome environment, including covered outdoor seating. The food is outstanding! Brisket was my favorite, but the pulled pork was excellent, too. Friendly wait staff."
"We ordered Smokehouse burger, full rack of baby back rib and catfish Poboy. All excellent. Great experience."
"The best BBQ I've ever had in my whole life.

Order the Whole Hog Heaven. Choice of 2 types of ribs, choice of 2 types of meats, choice of 3 sides. It was enough food that we can have full meals of it for dinner too. The food was amazing quality and Victoria, our waitress, was all over the customer service aspect of the experience. 

I don't know what could have gone any better about this visit. We will be back for sure."
"Bobby Q's is one of our favorite places to eat, I absolutely love the atmosphere and food! During our most recent visit our waitress, Christen was so friendly and polite. She made this an even better dining experience! I highly recommend the fried chicken and any of the bbq, some of the best food in town!!"
"Had the beef brisket, corn bread, mashed potatoes, and pecan cole slaw. The brisket was great, but the sides were all lacking. The corn bread was dry. The mashed potatoes were had a really thick texture. The cole slaw was fine, but the pecans didn't really add anything, kind of a strange addition. The best part was the sugared donuts they gave us after the meal."
"We tried this place a couple of weeks ago and were very impressed.  It's probably the best BBQ we've had in Arizona for sure and maybe one of our favorites of all time.  The sauce is excellent, the meat is tender and full of smoky bbq flavor.  We had the Sunday special which came with lots of different types of meats like pulled pork, ribs, brisket and chicken.  It was excellent.  The side of corn was tasty too as were all the sides.  This will be one of our new frequent places to eat!"
"Oh wow! 
I drive past this place on the I-17 like a bazillion times a month, and I always say to myself that I want to go there, but always forget about it when I am hungry... Well Lucky for me I remembered this place last Saturday when I got home from work and didn't want to cook. 

So the hubs and I set out to go. It is a bit hard to find, but we know how to get there now off of 27th ave vs getting on the I-17 and driving past it to find it. When we pulled into the parking lot I knew it was going to be a nice dinner. The parking lot is PRETTY! How often do you see a pretty parking lot, and in Phoenix no less. Its covered with trees and that pleases me. 

We were seated right away and our waitress was right there to take our order. We told her it was our first time there and she gave us the whole run down of the place. 

We ordered the onion block, it was tasty but I wasn't a fan of the dipping sauces they offered. The waitress brought us a chipotle ranch that almost sent me running for the hills, not good. 

For dinner the hubs ordered some plate full of meat, I think he got the beef ribs along with a side of mac and cheese and pecan coleslaw. He said the ribs were really good, I didn't try them as I am a sissy when it comes to meat on bones. I did taste the mac, it was creamy but not cheesy enough for me, but I am super picky about my mac and cheese. Same goes for coleslaw, there is no middle ground its either great or not so great...unfortunatley Bobby Q's coleslaw fell in the not so great, it just has zero flavor. But that wont stop us from going back. 

I ordered the beef brisket sandwich, OH MY HEAVEN! Soooo good! I ordered mine with the shoestring fries, they were really yummy! Very similar to Houston's fries! Also the waitress brought us out a little carafe of extra BBQ sauce which was super tasty and I slathered my sandwich with it. 

We had no room for dessert, so the waitress brought us these cute little donuts which the hubs and I were so excited to eat, we took them home and place them on the counter. Apparently our cat and the dog were in co-hoots with one another, as the cat knocked the bag of donuts on the ground and the pup took off with them :( 

The atmosphere and decor is very cool, its nice and cozy and dark in the place. We are fans and will for sure be going back!"
F-a-b-u-l-o-u-S! Great surprise when we came from Tucson. Excellent Brisket. Great pecan coleslaw and skin on smashed potatoes. Fun environment. Great drinks. We got our food in less than 10 minutes which was quite a surprise. We highly recommend! We would go there again.
"Found this place on Yelp while in town on business today.  Looked like the place was run down and on the way to being washed up when I pulled up into the parking lot.  Turns out that ""run down BBQ shack"" is the look that they were shooting for!

The inside is another matter.  Obviously a BBQ place.  But a very nice one indeed.  Nicer and with more personality than Famous Dave's or Lucille's.  If this is a chain, it doesn't feel like it.  I sat at the bar (as I usually do when traveling).  They have indoor and outdoor seating.  Both looked comfortable and fairly well lit.  And the place is CLEAN; including the restrooms!

The staff i dealt with was friendly and attentive without getting on your nerves.  Obviously experienced and well trained.

I had the baby back ribs with mac & cheese, and grilled vegetables.  The ribs were meaty and tender with an excellent BBQ sauce.  Meat came off the bone easily.  I ate them with a fork with no problem.  The meal came with good cornbread and butter.  The Mac & cheese was creamy and delicious.  And the vegetables were grilled just right without being too soft.

Don't be put off by the rustic appearance of Bobby Q's.  This is a well run restaurant that gets plenty of business.  And they should.  They have a smoker on premises, and smoke their ribs and brisket for the better part of a day.  They also dry age their own beef on premises.  I was told that the rib eye is superb.  But that will have to wait for another day.

If you like BBQ, I just don't see how you could have a bad experience here."
This was our first visit and we were very impressed. The manager gave us a free appetizer and greeted us and all the tables around us. Our waiter Tanner was outstanding. The food was exceptional and the price was reasonable. We will be back.
"Great place for meat lovers!  My friend ordered the rib combo and I had the 14 oz. medium rib steak with two sides -- Mac & Cheese and Roasted Corn.  The succulent steak hits the spot with every bite!  You can't go wrong.  Bobby-Q used to be known as Bobby McGee.  

Go Bobby-Q!!!"
"Much happier than my last visit!

Busy Friday night. Quoted an hour plus wait time for first available seating. It was probably around 45 minutes but it was a really nice night out, so no stress.

Very friendly server was prompt with nice corn bread and frozen lemonades that had sugar rimmed around the glass. Yum.

We do their whole hog dinner every time because it's an amazing value. Beef brisket was tender and juicy. Baby backs and St. Louis ribs different from one another but both great. The pulled chicken was too sweet for my taste. I could be wrong but I think the portion (still stupid huge) has been cut back a bit.

Finally, finally, finally, after a nearly 30 year hiatus, I got to have their Death by Chocolate dessert. Having failed on prior visits was the reason for my mixed review. Well, I'll tell you, it is different from what I recall but, a whole lot of things from 30 years ago are different from what I remember. Straight up: big portion, fair price, decent ice cream, good cake and tasty frosting. I'm so happy right now!"
Amazing lunch... Catfish Po- boy was delicious. My son had the loaded baked potato with chicken and friend had a chicken salad. Everything was tasty. Our server Careron F was delightful.  He answered our questions and make sure we received all of our special substitutions.  We are already planning our return.
"DELICIOUS! forgot to take a before picture but as you can see it was amazing. We got 2 kinds of ribs, brisket & chicken and literally every single one fell straight off the bone! Sides were all good. Cornbread before & sugar donuts after. Will definitely be back."
"Great food and lots of it.  It is amazing, and the ribs are wonderful & all the different sides, everything & great desserts, mgr & staff are wonderful."
It has been a phenomenal experience!!!! Good and service is top notch! The owner is very personable!First time visiting and my family and I ate at this establishment twice in one week! We will be back when back in town!!!!
"Favorite BBQ place to go! 
 I had the lunch platter, which was St. Louis ribs, BBQ chicken, and beef brisket. Oh my lord, was it so heavenly good. As good as it looked. The brisket was my favorite, so tender and flavorful. All the meat just falls off the bone, so soft and dee-licious!
Can't forget to mention their mac n' cheese, so creamy and cheesy, best mac n'cheese in the world! I might be reaching, but I promise you it was oh so good! Also we loved the cornbread. Cute little patties is how they come out, and we can't tell you how those little donuts they serve after each meal, how tasty those little things are, a little sweet and crunchy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside. We loved this place so much, we came back the next day for dinner, seriously! I'm pretty sure you'll love it too."
Went there this evening and the food was delicious and the waiter was amazing!! Thank you
"I was in town for a day and stumbled upon Bobby Q's.  Never heard of it but what a pleasant surprise.  The service was fantastic.  Our waitress was right on top of things and very friendly.  I had the rib eye with baked potato and grilled corn.  I'm a picky eater but I must say, ""everything was perfect"".  It's a shame I won't be in Phoenix anytime soon because this is definitely  a place I would visit again and again."
"THE BEST BBQ EVER! flew in w/my husband just for a few days to go see the UNASHAMED tour at GCU & we stayed at the residence inn & saw this place right next door!! You definitely need a reservation, but if you're ever visiting Phoenix this is a must if you love BBQ ! & they had these cute little ""to-go nuts"" they give you when you leave that basically are churro-like donuts !! SOO bomb !!"
"Pretty decent food, quite expensive though. I enjoy the meat, sides are lacking for my taste."
"Best BBQ I've ever had.  I come here every time I'm in Phoenix. 

Q Rolls (Pulled Pork Taquitos with glorious chipotle dipping sauce)
Cornbread (Unlimited)
Babyback Ribs
All sides
Bobby Q mini doughnuts

Service always friendly and attentive.  Highly recommended."
Stopped here after a spring training game and wow! The food is amazing the service top notch will stop by again when in town....oh and reasonably priced
"Thanks for all of the great reviews! You helped us to find an outstanding place to have our anniversary lunch. We had the wings, shared a caesar salad, my husband had the meatloaf and I had the lunch size pork ribs. Everything was delicious and the service was as amazing as others have reported. We will definitely return. It was a great experience and the dollar value was fantastic."
"Good food, good value. Service is outstanding: Always very pleasant and efficient. Always reliable for a good meal."
"This is my most favorite restaurant. I always come for my birthday and special occasions and have never been let down. The southern fried chicken and mashed potatoes are my favorite but the steak, baked potato and Mac and cheese are also awesome!"
This was the best food with THE fastest service I have ever had anywhere. Kudos to a well run restaurant with great wait staff.
"In town for a few days so I decided to check out this highly rated BBQ place. Killer environment and great service!

I really enjoyed my brisket plate with mac n cheese, Brisket didn't have too much fat and had great smoke rings. Mac n cheese was homemade and super fresh. 

Finished it off with complimentary dessert donuts! I'll definitely come back to this place!"
"It's an All American BBQ joint... with an adjunct, weekend Latino dance club.... Yeop.

What you MUST order:

Appetizer: Q- Roll
Side: Mac n Cheese
Main Dish: Anything

Alcoholic Beverage: Shipwrecked.... only need one for the WHOLE table

Try to sit outside, really nice atmosphere.

Fish Fry Fridays during Lent (comes with Two sides for $10.99)! And don't forget to tell the waiter about the Yelp 10% off Discount! AND you don't even need to order dessert because they give you FREE Cinnamon and Sugar Donut Holes!

Unusual thing is that on Friday and Saturday nights there's another side of the bar that opens into a club. Does NOT affect the dining experience.  Our Cabbie told us it was SUPER GHETTO, we'd probably be mauled immediately upon entrance, and possibly beat up by thugs- not the case. Very safe."
Absolutely love the food here. I come every few months and the quality and portions always leaves me satisfied. I just tried the Thursday lunch Meatloaf special and it was fantastic! Plus the waiters are always extemely friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
"Awesome BBQ. The cornbread is served fresh and hot. Honestly best cornbread I've ever had. We ordered ""The Whole Pig"" and it was epically delicious. We split it between two but it's honestly enough for maybe 3-4. Very friendly and quick staff. Highly recommend"
"Best BBQ in AZ, if you ask me! I'm never disappointed when I come here. And those baked potatoes - OH. EM. GEEE. 

My favorite is the brisket. So, so good. Nothing but good things to say about good ol' Bobby Q's!"
"Great BBQ, I ahd the brisket and it melted in your mouth. I would love to try them for dinner and have some beers! I will be back here for sure."
"My boyfriend and I decided on a last minute lunch date to Bobby Q's and it was fantastic! Tanner was our server and he did amazing. He was attentive and everything came out fast. Donny, the manager, was sure to stop by and say hi. Thank you guys for a great time."
We had about 15 people joining us for a celebration at Bobby Q and the food was not worth the price.  I ordered a pulled pork bbq sandwich. The sandwich was very dry and almost half way eaten they finally brought us some BBQ sauce. We all had separate checks and they just automatically put a 18% gratuity on all of the bills. So some people tipped twice.  We where not happy and won't be returning.
Took a chance based on Yelp and proximity to hotel. Awesome service and atmosphere. Had filet and it was perfect. Smoked just enough to give it a unique flavor. Highly recommended!!!!
"I love the metro location, the baby back ribs are orgasmically good (at least 3-4 years ago they were)
Recently though I ordered take out from the mesa tempe location and it was im sorry to say not so great. the pulled beef and pork sandwiches were like straw. and the cole slaw OMG IT WAS TERRIBLE. if they need a recipe for cole slaw i would be happy to help them out , because what they serve now is the worst i have ever tasted in my 51 years. the potato salad was a d-- corn bread was hard the little mini donuts they give are good but as greasy as can be( whole bag was soaked with grease by the time i arrived home 10 min later.)  the ribs at the metro location a few years back were 5 star but this latest visit is lucky to get 2. VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED"
"Food was amazing. Prices were very reasonable. The service was super. Ann, our hostess, didn't miss a beat. I highly recommend Bobby Q."
"Fun atmosphere, good food and great service. I always order baby back ribs & beef ribs at every BBQ joint I visit. Bobby Q's is very good. You get a ton of food for your dinero. The sides were just okay for me though."
"Easily some if the best BBQ I have ever had. Be sure to get there early, there is almost always a wait. I come here almost every time I am in the Phoenix area."
"Some great barbecue here. We had the pulled pork and brisket sandwiches and both were pretty much perfect. The mac and cheese is straight up magic. This place is a bit of a mad house though. Always seems to be a crowd and a bit of a wait, but their food is worth it. The staff was on point, providing great service all around. I particularly liked the dinning room atmosphere. Barbecue should be simply and delicious, and that's what you'll find here."
"Amazing food, fun atmosphere, good service and the topper is the delicious warm mini doughnuts at the end of the meal. Make a reservation though, because the walk-in wait can be quite long."
"This place was amazing!! We had a group of 25 and they set up our tables in the patio area. We had 2 waiters and they were very attentive and best of all split the bill for each family. The manager was great he made sure everyone's meal was what they expected. You are given complimentary corn bread that is to die for. We ordered the Q-Rolls, BBQ ribs and the pulled pork sandwich they were all delicious. At the end they give you warm mini cinnamon donuts so save room for some dessert."
Barbeque done right!!!! The ribs are tender and tasty!! Love the spicey rub generously pushed into the meat then smoked to perfection.  All the sauces are fantastic - love choices on my meat. Sides are satisfactory.  The butter cake melts in your mouth. Truly a desert to top off the best ribs in town.
I am not a happy camper right now. I have never exoerienced such discrimination until tonight! My friend came over and talked me into decorating for christmas. So after getting my christmas tree all done and watching movies all afternoon we decided to run out to Bobby Q's for a quick drink to celebrate the season. Me and my friend put candy canes on peoples cars in the parking lot to spread cheer. Dressed in a santa hat and candy cane headband we walked into the bar and ordered one drink. After ONE drink the bartender told us he wouldn't serve us anymore. Mind you ONE and he took my friends second away. We weren't acting weird or anything!! We were talking to people around us handing out candy canes. We took the receipt to the manager and asked her why the bartender felt like he  didnt want to serve us. She stumbled on her words and couldnt give us an answer. I feel it may have been because i was wearing a HD shirt with tatoo sleeves?? Idk but WOW is all I can say. I will never step foot in that establishment again!!
"I realize this is a highly rated restaurant... however, it just didn't do anything for me.  Small portions, just okay cornbread, and way overpriced. I love BBQ and I've been to many BBQ places throughout the US... unfortunately Bobby Q is not one of the better places I've been. I would not return."
"Seriously the best bbq I've ever had. Came from out of town and was shocked to find out how good this place was. Meat on the ribs was falling off the bone. The beef brisket was extremely tender and cooked to perfection. The Mac and cheese is to die for. Really rich and creamy. You won't regret coming here at all. So sad that I have to go back home and not have one of these places nearby. 
Also, phenomenal service. Really nice to notice that the manager, Taylor, took the time in between delivering plates out to stop by tables and check in."
"This place is amazing! Delicious food from the starting cornbread and butter to a huge menu full of yummy BBQ options like ribeye steaks, ribs, hamburgers, pork sandwiches etc. great side options that all tasted amazing- mashed potatoes, corn, coleslaw, all good. We skipped dessert because we were stuffed. The portions are hearty for sure as most BBQ places are expected to be. As a most of the time vegetarian- I had a filet mignon and can't say I regretted having meat like I most always do. It was that good! Service with a smile, got seated easily with the yelp reservation app and loved the ambiance inside and outside!"
"Good food good company and great server. Cameron was so cute and had was very patient with all my #none of this"" and  ""dressing on the side"" demands. I will return"
"My, oh my! Every once in a while you stumble across a gem when you're in another city. This gem was located right across the 17 freeway from our hotel in Phoenix

Saw this places' sign from the freeway and it looked intriguing. Not much on sweet style bbq sauce or brisket because I'm biased  (Raised on Eastern North Carolina style chopped pork) but this place was off the hook!

Walked in the door and told there was a 1 hour wait so we decided to wait. Found a spot at the bar so we decided against waiting and ordered our food from there. We started off with these apps they call Q-Rolls and they claim they're ""World famous"". Well, they deserve that title as far as I'm concerned. Bbq brisket rolled in pastry shells like taquitos with chipotle and bbq sauce for dipping. Mercy!!

For my entree, I had the St. Louis and baby back ribs with roasted corn and tater salad. The meat was super tender and falling off the bone. The waiter offered to bring 
me more sauce but it was super delicious just the way it was. Not a big fan of tater salad but this was great so I'm a fan of theirs. 

My wife had the fried catfish and same sides as me and she was well satisfied, She really don't like Bbq but she liked the taste of mine a lot.

DERN!!! I forgot to mention the cornbread! This is what bbq should be served with. Last, we finished up with the bread pudding. My wife said this was the best she ever had so that's saying something, Bread pudding is her favorite dessert and she never likes anybodys but her own.

This place was not completely laid back with paper towels and checkered table cloths but they weren't over-the-top fancy either. To me, a great place to drink a beer and bust the buttons on your britches."
"I had such good food here tonight, holy cow!  I came here at the last minute because I was stuck in the house all day today, and needed to get out and eat something.  I decided to come here, and even though it's not my first time, it's probably the best BBQ I've had in a while.

When I first moved here, I used to drive by this place a lot, but being that I lived on the East side for many years, I was to lazy to come here since it was .  Boy, what a to far!

Man, this place was packed tonight!  I had to circle the parking lot like twice just to get a parking space! once inside, I was seated almost immediately at the bar.  After looking over the menu, I went with the Brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes. It came out right away, and man, was it good! 

Service was awesome, especially since it was so busy. The bathrooms were pretty cool with big steel sinks and pretty hand soap containers. I will say, I don't get the club thing attached to Bobby Q's, but there was a ton of people in there. I noticed it when I came in, but saw a lot of people in there when I went to the restroom.  They had a sign up with a dress code, and I'm not real sure what that's about, but seemed interesting enough."
"I've stayed in Phoenix for more than 18 months, and I must say their bbq ribs is one of the best, if not the best, in the US. Fall-off-the-bone is the most precise word to describe it. I love the place, it's so woody and it really brings the southern feel. Highly recommended appetizers are the Crispy Sweet Onion Block and Q-rolls. As for the entree, all the ribs available in their menu and smoked prime rib top my list. Sides are equally tasty too - mac and cheese, shoestring fries, roasted corn and pecan coleslaw. The complimentary corn bread and baked potato (only comes if you order winning combination) are also superb."
Okay I have to say this is my 2nd time here all the way from cali. I have received great service both times but this time I would like to give an exceptional call out to joe our sever. He was awesome. Many people can learn from him.  Management take notice Joe is that guy you want to have around all the time.
"Love this place! Unpretentious. Good food and great service. The home made donuts are addicting. They give you a lot of food so make sure you leave room for the donuts.

T would take the donuts on the golf course!"
These people tell you the wait is going to be 45mins to an hour. After waiting an hour and asking how much longer it will be they tell you about an hour or more so to go. Wtf!?
This was our first time eating here and they didn't disappoint. I didn't have their signature pork but I had their jumbo chicken wings and they were delicious. We will definitely be back to try their pork!
"Came here after a spring training game. Our server, Parker, was great. As it was our first time we asked for his advice. He suggested the two meat ribs and brisket. Best BBQ I have had in a very long time. The brisket was the best I have ever had. The cole slaw was awesome. Baby backs fell off the bone. We will definitely be back for more."
"This was the first time I have been here since the name change from Bobby McGee's.  

First appearance, it seems like the old place, with changes of course. The first thing that struck me was that all the Super Heroes were gone....those were the days when you could come in an have Batman (or if your lucky,...WONDER WOMAN) serving your food.  But like all things, we have to grow up.

Ever since El Paso BBQ closed down on 43rd and Peoria, I have been looking for good BBQ. Well, lo and behold...at Bobby Q's, I FOUND IT!

Start off with the Q rolls (which is a beef brisket rolled in a tortilla and then deep fried) and go right into your 2 or three meat platter. OH YEAR! The brisket is great, the pork is pulled perfectly, and all the meats are tender, juicy and flavorful!

Kristi indulged in a traditional chicken fried chicken and I will be darned if it was not the best I have had in Arizona! 

I had to force down the macaroni and cheese, which was also cheesy and flavorful, but I managed,

As we were leaving at 9:45 PM on a Saturday, the lines were already opening up for the party scene on the bar side....so it shows that even though its no longer the Bobby McGees I grew up with, it hasn't lost its lister for the night life!

Highly recommended!"
"Let's cut to the chase - melt in your mouth pulled pork, juicy smoked brisket and the q roll appetizer is to die for. This is place is a must for BBQ lovers!"
"hands down the best restaurant in phoenix 
the service is simply amazing shout out to christin if you are fortunate enough to get her it will make your experience 100% more enjoyable. moscow mules amazing, cornbread amazing, ribs beef and pork amazing strawberry lemonade amazing a skinny mans defeat and a fat mans dream , me and my daughter loved it in every way 
congratulations bobby q you are simply spectacular."
"OMG, the food here is GREAT! Love their Ribs, and Brisket!  Great service! If you are wanting some BBQ food then this is a must place to go.  You will not regret, and you will come back over and over again."
"Every time we come here we have an awesome experience!!! The cornbread to start is out of this world!!! Beef ribs are the best I've ever had and the servers crazy is spot on. The owner usually walks around and it honestly seems like he sees every table!!! Super nice guy. We love coming here. The fresh fried mini donuts are mind blowing!!!! If you like bbq, beer, and epic service come here. This place is the real deal."
"(1) FOOD: it is divine! I got the baby back ribs with baked potato. It was mouth-watering, delicate and melts right in your mouth. So tasty! Some of our friends just swallowed the whole meal. We had to go back the day after as we were in town for a softball tourney. I ordered the whole Hog it came with baby back ribs, pulled pork and bbq chicken. All were very tasty. Baby back ribs came right off the bone just the way I like it. They bring out a good portion for each so I had plenty of leftover my husband and I could not eat all of it. I kept the leftovers it in the refrigerator till it was time to go back home and brought it back home to (Cali), I was very happy. At the end, you get free donut holes! Best way to end a late lunch. 

(2) SERVICE: I can't remember the servers name as we were a large group but they were all very nice  and answered our questions and  requests.  The only thing I did not like but I do understand since we were a big group over 25 peeps the gratitude was added on each individual check I had 3 checks and each was for one person a tip of $5.00 and some change so I think that was not very nice. However, it was worth it service and food was amazing. I totally recommend this place....

Maria"
"Husband and I ate here for the first time this evening.  I have tried so hard to find good barbecue since moving to Surprise from Memphis 4 years ago, and nothing came even close to ""good""!  But, Bobby Q has made me one happy gal!  Pulled pork and St. Louis ribs were outstanding!!!  So well smoked and tender!  Macaroni and cheese was the creamiest I have ever had.  Brooke, our server, was superb.  Very attentive and helpful without being a nuisance.  I highly recommend this restaurant, and have already started telling everyone I know just how excited I was with this barbecue!"
"this place has amazing service.  the food is good.  the mac is a little too rich for me, but others might disagree.  if you want a great meal, eat at this place."
Best BBQ. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Been telling everyone about it. Going back this weekend with more friends. Been to both Phoenix and Biltmore Locations.  Looking forward to eating there again and bring friends. Excited!!!
"Fun atmosphere, great food and wonderful staff! Ernesto was awesome. Outdoor patio is warm and enjoyable on a chilly night."
Ghetto asf don't go here... this food was not good or bad it was ehh.. don't go here if you want to have a nice night out. Go else where. West gate is down the way. More of an upgrade then going here. Dirty place.
"AMAZING!!!! The food is so good! It was freakin' delicious. We had the hog heaven with St. Louis, chicken, brisket, and baby back with three sides. OMG it was incredibly juicy and tender and tasty. They offered us different sauces. We went with the Carolina sauce. 

And the service was spot on. Everyone greeted us and was super friendly. These folks know ""customer service"". They made you feel like they're so happy you chose to come to their place."
"Hands down the Best BBQ place in AZ!!! 

We came here on a sat so it was ridiculously packed! We couldn't find a single parking so we had to park somewhere else and walk. The hostess told us the wait would be 30 mins but it was less than that. 

We were seated and our waiter was super friendly. We already looked over the menu when we were waiting so we ordered pull pork sandwich with mash potatoes and my friend ordered two combination: brisket and baby back ribs with Mac and cheese and shoe string fries. For dessert, we went with the sub zero banana. The food came out super fast! The portion sizes were huge too! We shared our plates and omg it was so delicious and flavorful! The meats just fell apart and was cooked to perfection! The mash potatoes went well with my pulled pork sandwich and it was creamy! Mac and cheese was very creamy too and so good. The shoestring fries was just normal fries. We thought it would have some kind of seasoning on it like garlic or something. Now for the dessert. I thought they should've put more bananas on it because it really brought out the flavors. The crust tasted like an oatmeal cookie. Overall, the dessert was just okay and nothing to get excited over. I def want to try their mudslide next time! But It got 5 stars because our server was fantastic and the food was delicious! It was so yummy that when the server and manager asked us how our food tasted....oh you bet you got my answer lol! Delicious!!!!"
"BLOWN AWAY by this place! my husband and i just moved here less than 2 weeks ago, we wanted bbq so we came on yelp and say this place had great reviews, and decided to try it with absolutely no idea what to expect. this place is INCREDIBLE! its a lot nicer than we were expecting, we thought it'd just be some hole in the wall with great food... maaan were we wrong! awesome craft beer selection, great craft cocktails, the cornbread is epic, bbq brisket sandwich melted in my mouth and had an amazing smoking flavor that cannot be achieved by cutting corners.. bbq sauce was delicious, mac n cheese is legendary and super creamy, mashed potatoes made me hear angels sing, shoestring fries were surprisingly above average, and as if we weren't already in heaven enough, they bring you a bag of fresh cinnamon sugar donuts to take home. i can now die happy. seriously it was so good that they could have come to our table at the end and told me it was human flesh we'd just eaten and i woulda been like f it, i guess im a cannibal now cause im 100% gonna eat that again."
"There's Famous BBQ, and there are Pit's along with several other places coworkers and the like have dragged me to. Let's face it, when it comes to BBQ everyone has a different take, and I don't like the overly sweet, globs of sauce thrown on at the last minute, in spite of claims it been smoked for hours. I'm not that big on loud country music and I don't want to go to a Ho- Down. I'm hungry; I want real ribs with meat on the bone. Good portions, albeit, I'll order the full rack of St Louis style ribs next time. The Rib's here do fall off the bone; they have a sultry smoky flavor. Corn Bread that is probably the best you can get and Beans, we'll I might work on those, but I come for the Ribs. Bobby Q is easy to see with its big sign visible from I-17, but might not be the easiest to find the first time, once you drive into the private parking area, I feel better. Safer, it's good to read there is security, but I haven't noticed them. Then again, I go for dinner.
This is the only Rib place that makes my mouth water; the Rib's are deeply smoked and taste like someone cared because they have a passion for RIbs. The service has been just right, every time I've been there, and not too long waiting for the check. I don't mind spending time in a restaurant, but when the plate is clean I like to go. My wife can have her BBQ Chicken, but I'm there for the Ribs. Other places, I'll think about and might eat, but these are the only Ribs in Phoenix that I won't say no to or have reservations about."
"My boyfriend and I came here on the way home from a weekend getaway.  You can always smell the BBQ right off the highway and it literally draws you in.  I was surprised that the atmosphere was as fancy as it was (think dim lighting and cloth napkins).  Don't be scared it's not really a fancy place and the food is still very affordable.  
The service was stellar.  Honestly, I had forgotten what good service was like after moving to Arizona, and then I came here and was shocked.  The waiter was friendly and the manager came out and talked to us for a long time and even brought us some mac and cheese on the house!  Good service always equals a returning customer with me and I was impressed that they took the time to make you feel welcomed and happy. 
The mac and cheese was outstanding.  It was rich and creamy and the cheese had just enough flavor YUM!  The shoestring fries were also very tasty.  The meats here are very delicious.  They are slow cooked and tender as can be.
The barbeque itself was pretty good.  It is kind of a tangy sweet flavor that wasn't the best barbeque I've had, but still pretty tasty.
If you drive past this spot on the highway make sure you stop in and pick up some delicious food!"
"I get a lot of flack for it from my family from St. Louis, but this is my favorite spot for BBQ. I particularly like the spicy sauce. The corn bread is also quite good. I've been there a few times for dinner and go with my brother for lunch about once a month and have never had bad service.

The atmosphere and decor are great and you immediately smell the slow cooking meat as you enter the door. Highly recommended."
The barbecue was pretty good. I didn't get to see a smoke ring on the brisket but it wasn't too bad. The q-rolls were really good with their barbecue sauce. A nice place to eat some BBQ
"Everytime I come to Bobby q's it's always super busy! The location is a little hard to find but its off Dunlap and the i17. They have good cocktails drinks that they have prepared for you and I love shock top on draft and they offered it. Very good for ribs, steaks, and all there sides! If you haven't been I definitely recommend stopping by."
"We were heading to Texas Roadhouse, for fried pickles (I'm pregnant) and there was an hour wait, so we randomly saw this spot and stopped in. We sat at the bar because the wait was long and I wasn't feeling well. We weren't crazy over the menu, so we shared a pulled chicken sandwich with French fries. Hubby loved the sandwich and I ate the fries. What stuck out wasn't the food though, as it was mediocre and could have done without. The service was just so excellent. The people were nice as could be and we did not wait a second for anything. At one point, we had 4 hands reaching for our dirty plates. I haven't experienced that good of service in years, anywhere. It was a packed house, yet all the workers seemed chill and happy. It was refreshing. I always dreamed of owning my own business and those employees would be the ones I would want. It's hard in that industry to be genuinely nice, but these people are nailing it. I'd give 5 stars but, the food was just good, not like we have to go back and can't live without."
It was our first time here and it was great! Spencer our server was fast and polite! The restaurant was great as well. Family friendly. If we come back to Phoenix definitely coming back.
"I stopped in for lunch during the work week. It is located not too far from my employer; however, I had never visited previously. Having lived in Atlanta for 12 years I enjoy barbecue, but have not found too many places in Phoenix that it well. My initial experience with Bobby Q was via catering at a work function. It was very good, especially for catered food and I added it to my mental list of places to try, but continually forgot to actually go. A few work friends were having a happy hour get-together and again I passed it up. Finally I went for lunch and was suddenly said that I have missed prior opportunities to go. 

I sat at a table in the bar area and the service was good. I had the sweet tea, which is a requisite for any good barbecue meal. The menu had several good looking items, but I went with the pulled chicken sandwich and a side of mac & cheese. The sandwich was excellent and I would put it right at the top of the Phoenix barbecue list. While the sandwich was great, the mac & cheese was phenomenal and I would rate it as the second best I have ever tried. I envisioned myself as David Blaine shackled into a phone booth filled with this mac & cheese and I had to eat my way out to survive. I win that battle my friend. I win that battle 9 times out of 10. And the doughnut things on the way out? Yes, please!

I will most definitely be back. I may go with the chicken again or try another tasty item from the menu, but whatever I get it will come with a side of mac & cheese."
"Who knew?! Right in my backyard was a delicious meal! My husband and kids all were happy.  Portions perfect for sharing.  Drinks refilled before empty. Thank you, Megan! Dinner?? Delicious.  Best BBQ I've had since I do not remember when.  My eldest ordered smothered fried chicken.  It was well seasoned and I used it to explain what it's like in the south.  Peppery perfect.  At the end of our meal we were given ""to go"" doughnuts. Happy full family right now.  We will be back soon."
Just had dinner there and it was awesome! Ordered smoked pink sausage with grilled vegetables. Delicious! Plus the service was great. My only issue is that it takes a long time for the food to reach the table.
"Once again Bobby Q's was top notch! Twice since my last review we have visited Bobby Q's with out of town guests. They loved the beef brisket, prime rib and pork! It was good customer service to have the manager come by and make sure everything was to our satisfaction. This is our go to place with our out of town guests and just ourselves!"
"I'm officially changing my name to chimchurri shrimp!
The best shrimp I've ever ever had.   Holy shr#mp!

Wait staff was great- and manager Michelle was very nice and welcoming.  If you're a foodie- this is your church!"
Best Mac and cheese and corn bread! My work always uses Bobby Qs and company get togethers and it never disappoints!
"Man, I'm from Nebraska and know good smoked meat. This place was amazing.  Ribs were so awesomely tender and smoked that I was in heaven. I ate at the bar and the waiter ""joe"" was top notch.  What was even more amazing is that my food literally came within 5 minutes.  Faster than McDonalds :-). Bobby Q knows how to BBQ!!"
"Bobby-Q had amazing food!!! We visited from San Francisco, Bay Area and this was wonderful. We ordered the q rolls for appetizer and it was delicious! The whole Hog Heaven is perfect for a family of four to five. All was good, but the St. Louis ribs were just a little too salty. We also found a hair in our mashed potatoes. However, the service is excellent and all the waiters are very amiable. In addition to the feast, they treated us with fresh donuts that were delicious. Overall, a 5-star amazing restaurant with top-notch food. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. It is literally barbecue heaven."
"This restaurant is top-notch is food, fun, and ambiance. Even the parking lot is beautiful...large shade trees in the middle of Phoenix! The scent of smoke from their 18-22 hour meat roasting grabs you as soon as you exit your vehicle. My mom and I came in for a weekday lunch and were greeted and seated immediately. The server, Hal, introduced himself soon after and had our drink orders on the table in minutes. He was a great server: personable, helpful and knowledgeable about the menu and food recommendations. He was kind and patient with my mom, stopping to listen to her even though he was slammed with full tables to care for. We ordered ribs and fries and a brisket sandwich with roasted corn. The cornbread was amazing and our meals were out so quickly there was no lag in between. Our food was tender and flavorful, moist and just the right amount of delicious sauce. The roast corn was perfect, as well. The cinnamon sugar doughnuts at the end was the best finish ever! Keep it up, BobbyQ's! We will definitely be coming back!!! (Next time I'm going to try some Q Rolls, for sure!)"
"Order the Q-Rolls, they are great. I don't care if you aren't that hungry, you will eat them.

The brisket is amazing. The sauces are tasty. The pulled-pork is great also. Eat all the meats!"
"Great bbq, clean and neat over all nice staff very on top of things. Great selection of mixed drinks at the bar! I remember when this was bobby McGhees or something like that. They had a tub in the middle of the place that had salad bar...lol"
I was looking for a good BBQ restaurant in Phoenix. Came across Bobby Q with good reviews. It was amazing! The food was excellent along with the service. Would absolutely recommend and come back. It is a must!
"4.5 stars.....I really battled over scoring this fine establishment. So let me break it down:

Setting: 5 stars-Great decor, lots of televisions, dim lighting, and just a comfortable feel.

Staff:  5 stars- Our waiter was awesome. I am very frustrated with myself for not remembering his name. He checked on us often and really took care of my party of 8. The manager also walked by and checked on us. Class act all the way around. 

Food: 4.5 stars- The food was great. The sides (French fries, potato salad, Cole slaw, Mac and cheese) were awesome. Each side could not have been any better. As for the meat, it too was very good. The problem I have is I compare everything now to the barbecue spot Little Miss Barbecue.  The meat (pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and ribeye) was moist and flavorful. Better then Little Miss? No, but it was darn good. I really would love to give the meat a five but that would not be fair to Little Miss. For dessert, we knocked out the bread pudding and their complimentary mini donuts. The bread pudding was not on their menu but it needs to be. It needs to be their go to dessert. It was amazing!!!!! Loved it!!! LOVED IT!!! The donuts were so fresh and a real treat.

Bobby Q's is legit for sure. I would and will stop by again. I really wish I could give it 4.5 stars. What a nice meal/time."
"First off made a reservation and arrived to be seated next to the extremely hot rotisserie.  Very uncomfortable, not to mention it was 112 degrees outside that day.  I asked to be seated elsewhere but the hostesses' excuse was that this was all that was available due to reservations.  Well I made  reservation but she just made another excuse that we needed to be a larger party to sit elsewhere.  I gave it two stars only because my family likes their BBQ-I don't."
"The food is great here, we were looking for good BBQ and this place delivered. Special mention to our server Christin, she provided us great service, a bunch of laughs, I couldn't say enough positive remarks about how she made our dining experience great. This place is lucky to have her serving. Btw the cornbread here is killer!"
"Good times, dope rhymes. A classic AZ staple with delicious eats and sweet beats."
"As a Phoenix native, how the hell have I not been here before? Honestly, I skipped this place because I heard it was a club. And a BBQ place. But I've never heard of friends coming here for BBQ, only drinking. It's on a rough-ish side of town. WHY THE F*CK ARE THEY TELLING ME ABOUT DRINKING HERE AND NOT EATING? Skipped this place for years. Mistake. I recently started back up at school and had to drive down the i17 for many miles a couple times a week. I ride a motorcycle and never had to look at the signs when I passed this place. IT SMELLS SO F*UCKING GOOD!! I always knew when I was passing Peoria/Dunlap. I decided to have my birthday dinner here despite having never been before. I call the day-of my dinner and make a reservation for 20. No problem. They ask if I want separate checks while making reservations. Being in the industry, this is a good sign. They greeted us all with waters and we had two servers. We all get served basically at the same time. Impressive.  Best ribs I HAVE EVER EATEN, EVER. Dope. At this point I'm pretty hammered and totally feeling myself. They bring me a fuggin complementary  dessert with a candle and now I am vaguely remembering my friends signing to me...BUT I AM SO FULL. What the actual F*CK am I supposed to do with this ice cream? I take a bite and all of the sudden there are these little baggies of the best donut things I've ever put in my mouth. So hot and perfect and mushy and yum. I need to go back. Seems like a perfect place to grub and then party on. Next time I'll get less drunk at dinner and try to venture into the club scene they have. Hopefully it isn't too hood!! Lol"
"Most delicious bbq I have ever had!! The bbq chicken and brisket are amazing!!! Even the pulled pork is to die for!! They have amazing potato salad, mac n chee, and corn. I love their corn bread!! Just everything about this place is GREAT! service is awesome!  Our last waiter was Dustin and he was the best! Super nice! We got our food right away and he was always there to check in on us if we needed anything!! I reccomend this place to all my friends and family who have been here before!! Soo good!!"
"This is by far one of my favorite places to enjoy a casual dinner, especially in the evening. Love the vibe and atmosphere that this place casts. The servers are always attentive and friendly. Also, each time I've gone a manager will swing by the table to make sure everything is great. I would also recommend stopping by for their happy hour specials. Lastly, get the Q-Rolls, you won't regret them!"
"Love love love Bobby Qs
We go there as much as possible the food the service and the atmosphere at all top notch. We take our friends and family there as much as possible. We even took our employees there for a work party. Everyone loved it .. can't wait to go there agin."
"Bobby Q's is probably one of the best places we ate when we were in the Phoenix area.  The only real downside was the location; it's a bit difficult to get to, but well worth the drive and the few minutes we were lost in traffic.

Our waiter started by asking if we'd ever been there before, and offered some suggestions to get us started.  He brought back cornbread for us (and didn't charge us), and we ordered the Q-rolls (which I highly recommend).

We drank the Pilsner option, which was delicious.  From reading prior reviews, the three of us decided to go with the brisket meals/sandwiches, which were delicious.  We also ordered the pecan coldslaw, which our waiter informed us (when he brought the meals) that it would be out in a few minutes.  Earlier, I had noticed a woman going table to table, speaking with many customers; she ended up checking in with us and introduced herself as the manager.

The coldslaw came out maybe a minute after our meals were served, so it really wasn't a big deal.  

The meal was very delicious, and we were incredibly full from the large portions.  For the lateness of the coldslaw, we were offered a free desert.  We ordered a piece of mud pie and it was gigantic; it took all 3 of us to put this piece away.  And then, while we were waiting for our check, the manager came over with powdered donuts for us to take home, again apologizing for the coldslaw.

This place was amazing, the food was amazing, and the service was even better.  I  highly recommend this place to everyone."
"I'm from California. There are places in Cali that resturants call their selves the ""best"" BBQ. I stumbled on this place on Yelp and saw all these reviews. So I gave it a try. I do admit I'm picky with food because I love flavor on my food. And I can say my food was very good! I ordered the stuffed baked potato with brisket and side of Mac n cheese. My waiter later gave me some donuts. I do recommend this place! Don't forget the donuts so good and crispy! 

P.s. my waiter Scott was awesome! :)"
"Not only does this place offer life changing BBQ... The service is always top of the line! They even give you a fresh doughnut with your check. 

Only Downside: There are a few tables with crazy bright lights. They need to dim those puppies!"
"Great wood fire grilled sirloin steak and loaded baked potato, sat at the bar and the staff was very accommodating and attentive. Definitely worth a visit."
If you want true BBQ you better go to Bobby Q. Hands down beat any place that you put it up against. Meat falls off the bone. Ask for Jason as your server as well. Will guide you through your entire experience. I could continue to rant about how great this place is but you need to come try it for yourself.
"I can't imagine it better.  Always multiple friendly faces to greet you, and excellent service.

The onion brick is a must.  I've never been a fan of cornbread, yet I can't stop eating theirs, it's so delicious.  The BBQ is always perfect.  The sides are awesome - great beans, great coleslaw.

My daughter ordered the kids pizza - not expecting much, turns out is the best kids pizza I have EVER encountered.  Great presentation on a square piece of butcher block, and it was really good! 

We all eat ourselves into a food coma, we can't even touch the cute doughnuts at the end.  I love the atmosphere and lighting as well.  I'd like it to be my living room...dinner's ready...."
"Amazing food. Best BBQ we've had. The meat falls off the bones. The butter corn and the Mac and cheese are legendary. Even their beer is perfect with the BBQ. Go for amber ale. Best part is Ashlyn, best waitress. She really reads our minds and made our experience so much better! Ask for Ashlyn if you are here!"
"Had the ""Whole Hog"" platter and chose beef ribs, baby back ribs, and 2 X beef brisket for the meats accompanied by ranch beans, shoestring fries, and mac and cheese. All of these choices were terrific."
"good BBQ, busy place even on a Tuesday night.  Get a reservation on Open Table thru the Bobby Q website.  Ribs are excellent.  Brisket is second best to Franklin BBQ (Austin TX) that I've had so far trying BBQ places across the country.
also they give you a bag of small doughnuts to go when you leave."
I love Bobby Q's So much. Definitely the best restaurant! I will always continue to go back. The GREATEST food and great atmosphere!
"Bestest barbecue in the valley!! Thanks for another stellar meal and experience :) the service staff is always spot on and there's always plenty of parking, too :)"
"If you want some tasty BBQ and a fun atmosphere this is the place for you! Highly recommend making reservations as this place was crazy on a Thursday night. We were seated right away and our server explained all their specials and drinks to us. She got our drinks started right away but there were so many people here this night that our appetizer came before our drinks. This was not a problem though, as our family was just enjoying hanging out together. 

All of the meat was so delicious. Smokey, moist, and flavorful! Also that mac and cheese was delicious! Portions are huge so expect to take half your food home, we love left overs so this was not a problem for us. I will say after our entrees came out our server seemed to disappear and it was difficult to order dessert and get our check. 

All in all this was a great place for some good BBQ, definitely come ravenous!"
This is the best barbecue in the city by far. The service is excellent and the food is incredible. I've never had a bad experience in the dozens of visits. I will always be going here and I will recommend them to anyone who asks. If you're a local or visiting Bobby Qs is the place to go!!
"World class service with excellent food. Had a great time with my wife and daughter, only downside was the tea but replaced with top rate lemon aide. Added to my top five restaurants Thankx a million."
"Excellent! My husband and I were pleasantly surprised with this hidden gem. Ordered a combination plate which consisted of three meats, one side, and cornbread. The meat was so so good and fell apart. 

If you're ever in Phoenix stop by and have the best meal experience ever! Price and food portions were perfect! Service was great everyone made sure that we were taken care of...trust me if you want a great meal come and get it!"
Wow this BBQ is the best!!! I had searched for this place on the Internet because I had been here years ago and it was a themed restaurant  .....Bobby McGees where the wait staff was dressed in character. When we arrived we were told that they quit doing that 8 yrs ago ;( They told us we would not be sorry if we stayed and they were right. It was by far the best BBQ ever!! Melted in your mouth. I told them I was looking on yelp to see if others loved them too and that they did!!! Then our excellent friendly server told us we got 10% off for mentioning yelp!! Wooo hoo icing on the cake.
"I got the tasting platter (or whatever it's called for $13) and chose the Pork, Ribs and Brisket with a side of pecan slaw.

I didn't expect a feast, and wasn't disappointed. the portions were what one would expect from a tasting platter: 4 or so small ribs, several forkfuls of pulled pork and 3-4 pieces of brisket. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the slaw. That thing had me pleasantly chowing down for more time than any of the meats I chose. 

How was the meat: the pulled pork was EXCELLENT. It was tender, juicy, and had just the right amount of BBQ sauce. The brisket was a bit on the lean side, but had enough help from the great house BBQ sauce to push that one through. When you got brisket that had a bit more fat to it, it would just melt in your mouth (that's the way brisket should be!). The ribs (St. Louis-style) were as good as everyone on here hypes them: the meat can be pulled off the bone with little to no effort. I don't recall how smokey the ribs were, but I liked them regardless and noted that the house wasn't trying to use rib-meat as a thinly-veiled vehicle for BBQ. The ribs were lightly sauced, and the strength of the preparation was, in no way, not masked by said sauce.

For dessert, my table order a 1/2 order of the banana pudding, and a full order of the mud-pie. We *loved* the banana pudding (it's more like a banana custard atop a pecan-crumb crust), but couldn't find it in ourselves to enjoy the mud-pie. Our waitress was gracious enough to take the pie back and bring us a full order of banana pudding! What a gal!

Simply put: if I'm back in/around Phoenix and am craving BBQ, I will not hesitate to come back here and get either a pulled pork sandwich or a full rack of ribs."
"While I haven't written a ton of reviews on here I reserve five stars for an establishment that is truly outstanding, and Bobby Q fits that bill.  When an appetizer alone is so delicious that I would (and have) drive the 30 minutes from my house to get them speaks volumes.  

Q-ROLLS!  Q-rolls are ridiculously delicious by themselves but when you add the sauce that it comes with its another level.  I have sincerely come here just to get two orders of these because they are that good.  They have ribs for every type of person.  I'm a fall off the bone rib guy but people I've dined with there are not, so Ive tried various types of ribs and each one were fantastic even though the baby backs were my favorite. 

The wait staff have always been top notch and stellar with their recommendations and attention.  My ONLY complaint is that they are so far away but that isn't their fault.  I beg of you Bobby of the Q open another location!  Regardless of distance Its an amazing restaurant that I would find a way to visit even if it was on the moon."
"My boyfriend and I were going to Bobby Q's to enjoy ourselves for his friend's birthday but the night turned out horrible.

First off, we paid for a table and they made us wait until 10:45pm to even get our table when they told us to be there by 10PM, then one of their waitresses charged us for a water (which was NOT a water bottle) which are free from as far as i know and we gave her a 20 dollar bill and she never came back to give us the change. Then the security gaurd kicked us out for being ""too intoxicated"" we hadn't even had a drink yet! We were 100% sober because we hadn't even gotten to our table yet!!! He just randomly picked us out of the crowd and told us to leave saying my eyes were closed and it looked like i was falling asleep! How can i fall asleep while dancing? and how can i make eye contact with you if i'm sleeping? I couldn't believe it!! I asked to speak to the manager and then the security gaurd tried to say he was the manager when he clearly was an 18 year old kid trying to talk down to me. I will never go back to that club again. It was by far the worst experience i've ever had at a night life club and i do NOT reccommend ANYONE to go there! People don't waste your money here!"
"Bobby Q - we love you - but Thursday night was an off night. We enjoyed the brisket, perfect hamburger, q rolls, macaroni and cheese, roasted corn, and complementary donuts. Honestly, I eat Bobby Q's for the q rolls and the donuts, I think some of their other dishes are standard issue. My dining companion would point out that the food has a smoke quality that BBQ eaters love. I do not consider myself a BBQ person so I evaluate flavors without the analysis of smoke or BBQ. Thus, I enjoy the brisket, q rolls, and donuts - for their genuine flavor of the food itself. We were returning to Phoenix for a visit and made a list of the places we had to eat while in town. This is one of them! I hate to say this but we visited on a Thursday night and things were just off. My heartbreaks over this review because the only reason I am giving them 4 stars and not 3 is because I have had prior experiences that were 5 star quality."
"Coming from the midwest, I was used to eating at many different bbq places.   There were a lot of mom and pop bbq joints.  Some great, some not.  So glad I tried bobby q.   Quality and very tasteful.   I have had  the brisket, sausage, and ribs.   All excellent.   Great ambiance.  Great service.   Great donuts to go.   Cant wait to go back!"
"Biz partner and I were running around today and needed to hit up something along I-17 to grab a late lunch. I've seen the place a million times and love BBQ, but after 4 years in AZ, have never been here! Sucks, because it seems I was really missing out. The place is huge, decor is very sharp and the smokey smell off BBQ throughout the place was a good sign! The service was on point...quick drinks and refills, very attentive and friendly. What a shock! 

Upon sitting down, we received 2 small cakes of cornbread (free) which was a nice filler. I had the BBQ brisket sandwich and my biz partner had the pulled pork sandwich. We both agreed the meat was tender and flavorful. The buns are slightly toasted, so the sauce doesn't get soaked in the bread. The server asked if we would like additional BBQ sauce...I said no, but wished I would have. Although the meat is very tasty, I did find it a little light on sauce (and the sauce is good stuff). After we finished our sandwiches, the server brought 2 little cinnamon/sugar donuts for desert in a small brown bag (fresh, hot and also free!) Very good way to end a good meal. We both agreed, this will definitely be a place added to our rotation as traveling throughout the city!!!"
Always a great meal!  We are regulars and love the service and the food.  Jessica was our server and greeted us warmly.  Qrolls are THE best appetizer and the cornbread is moist and slighly sweet.  My favorite entree are the baby back ribs...literally fall off the bone tender and tasty.  Highly recommend Bobby Q's!
"First visit to Bobby Q and won't be our last. Jessica was our server and she was friendly and knowledgeable. My husband had the ribeye, medium rare with the Mac n cheese and the slaw. Jessica recommended the Mac n cheese and she was right. Delicious ! The slaw was quite tasty too. The ribeye was cooked just right and tasted great. I had the brisket sandwich. The brisket was tender, juicy and smokey. Perfect. I also had the Mac n cheese. Everything was better than expected and plan to go back soon. Thanks Jessica for a nice experience !"
"Amazing food and worth the wait! Our server, Dylan, was great and was really helpful with recommendations in what to choose! We had baby back and st Louis style ribs, both were great. Definitely coming back again :)"
"I have neutral feelings about BBQ but this place was great.  I was dubious as we pulled into the parking lot.  I worried we accidentally wandered into a crack den.  However, once we found the front door, I was pleasantly surprised.  Super cute inside and a nice patio I'd love to visit when it's not 110 degrees outside.  The mac n' cheese was fabuloso and our waitress was fantastic.  My salad was a little bland but that is my fault for ordering a salad at a BBQ restaurant.  My dining companions were super pleased with their plates o' meat."
"My waistline theories go like this: if it's free, the calories don't count. This goes for items like free bread, butter, candies at the end of the meal and especially the free donuts they give me before I leave Bobby Qs. Those definitely do not count towards my waistline. Bobby Qs is a your run of the mill BBQ restaurant with fun (and slightly cheesy) decor, fatty yet satisfying and tasty food and overall a fun time. This restaurant is hidden off of random side streets but the catch is that you can see it from the 17. 

Like I said, the food here is fatty but pretty good. Expect BBQ food with a chain-like feel. The atmosphere is the same. In summary, if you're in the area and get hungry, this is a great option. I think it would also be fun for a low key group dinner. Plus, they serve those donuts. Yum."
"My boyfriend and I went to Bobby Q's last night for the first time because a friend recommended them.  We chose to sit on the patio which was a great choice as we had a pretty quiet meal. The mister's and the fans kept the area nice and cool even though it was close to 110 out.

We were promptly greeted by one of the best waitresses I've ever had the pleasure to be served by. She did her best trying to gently upsell us as is expected at restaurants these days, though she was far from being pushy. 

The food was a little expensive in my opinion which is the reason for the 4 stars, though I probably would have gone 4 and a half because it truly was some of the best barbecue you could have.  Not a long wait either! 

All in all it was a great experience, but as a warning, try and beat the dinner rush or you'll end up waiting for a long time. It's a pretty popular place."
"Great place for a large casual group BBQ dinner pig-out session.

~$25 for a 2 meat plate with 2 sides

Cornbread - On the house! So moist and soft that it falls apart if you try to grab it with a fork. Perfect amount of sweet and bread-y taste.

Q-rolls - brisket inside a croissant roll, tasty.

Brisket - the brisket here is so amazing tasty with the most tender consistency. I love it here, I could eat a bunch of it. Highly recommend getting brisket.

Baby Back Ribs - Very tender, falls off the bone and great flavor in the sauce.

Donuts - On the house! Made fresh, extremely warm with cinnamon on the outside. It's just like a churro in a donut form, YUM."
"Bobby Q has being in the restaurant business down pat. When you first walk in, it seem sort of up scale. The waitress we had seemed new, but was very nice and was sure to remember everything. The food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time and was tasty. I had their Fish Fry Friday and I think the fish could have been seasoned a little more. I found myself using more of the tartar sauce because of the lack of seasoning on the fish. They do this thing with homemade donuts which I think is a great happy ended. I am the type of person that does need a little bit of sweet at the end of my meal and that was perfect."
"Based on a very high recommendation from a friend, we made a reservation for the night that we flew into Phoenix for a guys golf/Spring training trip.  We could not have been more pleased with this decision.

We were seated promptly for our 7:30 reservation.  Our waiter (so sorry I forgot his name) conversed with us as he took our order - asked what we ere doing in town, where we were going, etc.  He answered our questions and made recommendations.

Two of the guys shared the Hog Heaven, two ordered the St Louis ribs and I ordered the beef ribs.  We also ordered the Q Rolls as an appetizer.  They Q Rolls were incredibly delicious (order this!) and even though the dinner portions were large, at the end of the meal everything was gone.

One of the managers (Jack) came by a number of times to see how we were doing and converse about the history of the restaurant, where we were golfing, what baseball games we were seeing, etc.  The personal touches made us feel very comfortable and welcome.

Then they topped it all off with a small bag of donuts and sent us on our way.  Wish we could have come back but our time there was packed.  But next time we're in Phoenix, you can bet we'll be by."
"I am not really a huge fan of BBQ but for whatever reason that was what we decided to do. 

We went on a Saturday Night and had I known they take reservations we would have made some. You should too! 

Once we did have our table our waited was a adorable 20 something guys who was absolutely attentive. So much so that when the manager strolled through checking on guests I probably raved about the service more than the food. 

I was with three of my sons who are 12, 9, and 3. My little ones had the mac and cheese. It was super excellent. 

My older son had the pulled chicken BBQ sandwich and I had the pulled pork. I ordered the coleslaw for my side since I like it on my BBQ. The pecans in the slaw are a stroke of genius. 

Cornbread is served that is very good while you are waiting for your meal. We also got the QRolls for an appetizer. My boys loved them. I thought they were OK. 

When you leave they give you a little bag of cinnamon donuts that are made in a little machine up front. The idea is cute but the donuts aren't good. They were actually kinda gross!

At the end of the day it is all about the sauce and the sauce was very good! 

I would skip the cornbread (even though it is free). It actually spoiled my appetite. I would skip the much praised QRolls too. The pulled meat sandwiches and slaw were worth a visit if that is what you might be craving!"
"A good friend of mine -who's opinion on Q I highly respect- was in town a few months ago and stopped into Bobby Q's (BQ), and he couldn't stop raving about it. I've been jonesing all week to come check it out, but I figured I'd wait until my wife got into town. Well, I finally got my chance and I was giddy as a school girl. I was actually able to make a reservation through OpenTable on the Yelp app, and I'm sure glad we did. Upon our arrival at 5:30 the place was already packed, but by thetime we left at 7 there was a hoard of people flooding out into the street--and for good reason! Enough jibber-jabber--on to the food! I ordered the Three Meat Combo and that comes with two sides and some of BQ's Cornbread.

Sides:

Mac and Cheese- This might easily be the creamiest, most decadent Mac & Cheese I've ever had. They use something similar to Velveeta Cheese to coat it, and I'm not slamming Velveeta. It's so rich I couldn't finish it. 3.75*

Pecan Coleslaw- I'm very picky about my slaw; I don't want it too creamy, sweet, or bitter and this was absolutely perfect! I also loved the crunch you get from the little pieces of toasted Pecan they add to the top--I'm definitely adding that to my slaw the next time I make it. 5*

Cornbread- Excellent mix of a Northern/Southern cornbread--it has the cakiness and slight sweetness if Northern, and the crust and stone-ground corn like a Southern; I could eat these everyday. 5* 

Meat:

St. Louis Ribs- These might be the best St. Louis Pork Ribs (other than mine) that I've ever had! The meat had a nice ""tug"" to it, but was still so tender, smokey and delicious! 5*

Beef Brisket- Juicy and flavorful this brisket was quite good--my only gripe is I wish it had a bit more smokiness to it. 4*

Pulled Pork- Another excellent job by BQ! Juicy, smoky and porky (just like me!) Everything you could want in Pulled Pork and then some. I piggled (sic) the whole lot of it! 5*

Dessert:

Sugar-Cinnamon Donuts- They give everyone at the table these tiny little donuts that they make fresh up front and they're fabulous; they had me at ""Cinnamon"". I guess you can just walk in and order a dozen for $3 if that's all your craving, too. 5*

Service & Ambiance- Good service from our server, Jessica. She was on top of things without being annoying. BQ is located in a building that looks like something you'd find in the middle of nowhere. The interior is mostly brick and wood causing the noise level in there to be deafening by the end of the night. They also keep it a bit too dark for my liking, but the decor is swell. 4*-service/3.5*-Ambiance

Value- The meals here are not a bad value, as my Three Meat Combo cost $22, but it's more than enough food for 2 people. Even my piggy self couldn't finish it--but guess what's for breakfast?! Snooch to the Nooch! 4*

I'm about to make a bold proclamation: I think BQ has *the* best BBQ I've ever had. I don't make that statement lightly either--after all, I have a reputation to uphold. I think this was easily the best meal I've had here in AZ, and that's saying something. I can't wait for my next visit to the Valley of the Sun so I can visit BQ again. If you ever find yourself in Phoenix, I highly, highly recommend making your way here--just make sure to make a reservation!"
"I finally tried Bobby Q which I had heard some pretty good things about. For me, personally, it was just kinda' ok.  I do consider myself a barbecue snob, as I am from Alabama and have had some of the best barbecue in the world but, with that being said, my food was just ok. Nothing more, nothing less. I will probably go there again, but my expectations will not be as high as they originally were."
"Not sure what's the matter with the reviewers of Phoenix when it comes to BBQ, but this place does not deserve a top 100 spot on Yelp's annual list. It's not bad, but I've had MUCH better.

The vibe is cool, but the food isn't amazing. The meat is well cooked, but  lacks flavor, which is fortunately enhanced by the barbecue sauce--the highlight of the meal.

The brisket platter ($25) comes with 12oz of meat, 2 sides, and cornbread. Though I'm skeptical about the 12 ounces. Also, by the pound, the brisket is $20--maybe a better option.

I'm not sure why more restaurants don't put more effort into their side dishes. They're much easier to get right. Though it still seems like good meat can be a dime a dozen, when good sides are harder to come by. Doesn't make sense.

The side dishes at Bobby Q were not good. Their mac & cheese feels like a premium version of Kraft. Extremely cheesy. Their beans were unlike anything I've tasted before. They almost had a weird celery-like flavor, which must have been from the type of beans they used. They weren't terrible, but I couldn't finish them. Then, there's the cornbread. It actually looked promising with its crumbly, pancake-look. But it was dry and flavorless. 

As I said, the sauce was the highlight. It was a Memphis-style sweet and smokey sauce which tasted very good by itself, but not too big of a flavor to distract from the meat--instead, bringing out the little flavor that the meat had, enhancing the meal as a whole.

The meat wasn't terrible. It was still tender and juicy. Just not a lot to taste by itself.

I honestly can't see myself coming back here when I return to the Phoenix area. There are many more restaurants to try and I wasn't impressed enough. Though I might go back and buy a bottle of that sauce."
"This was the best BBQ I've had in my life. Celebrated 55th birthday. Got the whole hog heaven, and it was! Service was great. The waitress and the manager were very helpful and welcoming. Told them that they needed to open one in LA! Beef brisket and mac and cheese are great. It was all great. Didn't do the q-rolls because I wanted to fill up on the meat, which I did. You won't be disappointed with this place!"
"To start on a good note baby back ribs were delicious! The meat  fell off the bone. The Q Rolls tasted like lil chimichangas and we're pretty good.
We came with friends had a table of 9. It took a while to get our drinks. The table got cornbread before the drinks came. Cornbread was a bit dry and I had nothing to help me wash it down so I kept coughing until drinks came.  On a side note I would've liked some corn bread for my side of the table. We ordered the whole hog feast. Baby back ribs were delicious, chicken was dry, brisket was ok. The sides were all good. When our check arrived it was separate tabs but combined in the same folder for the table, I didn't appreciate the sharing of financial information like that. Our bill had mandatory 20% tip since we had a table of 9 and was calculated based on the total with tax which I do not think is right. I did not receive my receipt back and did not receive a to go bag of donuts. 
Maybe with fewer people the service would've been better. I don't know if I will try again."
"OMG..... Fantastic brisket ... Beautiful Babybacks... our server was very pleasant .... 
Will be back"
"This is one of my favorite BBQ places in the Phoenix area and I make it a point to visit whenever I'm in the area.  Let's face it, the #1 reason to visit any BBQ place is the food, and everything is done well here.  I especially like the Pulled Pork sandwiches and the ribs are great as well.  That being said I like the look and feel of the place as well.  Service has always been awesome and last time was no exception.  Our server, Jo, was friendly, attentive and provided great customer service.

I'm usually here for lunch and while the place is busy it has never been too crowded or loud, making it ideal for a business lunch. It's also easy to access from the I-17 and has plenty of parking.

What can I say, I'll definitely be back."
"This was are first time there, Great atmosphere awesome food, barbecue is the best I've had in this State would recommend and will be returning. The wait is worth it, service is quick!!!"
Great services. Food just ok. We saw plenty of cockroaches. One of the waiters had a cockroach crawling on him. EW! All I can think of from this visit. COCKROACHES.
"It was awesome!  Two different times we went in a week and a half with 12 people every thing everyone ordered was great, including all of the sides!"
"I walk into this place & I am in love with not only the food, but the atmosphere. This is pure comfort food people! I always get the two meat combo, but this time I got the filet mignon and it was DELICIOUS! The macaroni and cheese is to die for, as well as the mashed potatoes! The Q rolls are absolutely out of this world and practically take me to a different dimension. You will not regret making a trip here, and waiting for 30 minutes, because you HAVE TO TRY THIS. The restaurant managers are so sweet, and walk around to see how your food is and make sure you are satisfied. GO WHILE THE GETTIN IS GOOD!"
"Really enjoyed the steak , and Nathan was an excellent server.  Second visit in two weeks.  Look forward to returning when business brings me back this way.  Only complaint (?) is that portions are too large for someone with no self control."
The food here is delicious! Oh a basket of cornbread while I wait for my food? Yes please! It was my first time coming here and I will for sure be back. The thing that really took this review from a 4 star to a 5 star was the service! The service here is top of the line and they made us feel like we were the only ones at the restaurant even though they were busy that night.
"Soooo good! The brisket appetizer was amazing! The service was fantastic and the Prime Rib was great! The best part was the Mac N Chz it was almost better than my own! Very impressed! And will be back again! My hubby loved the cornbread too!

I am soooo going back as soon as possible!"
"This is our go-to BBQ place in Phoenix!! The BBQ is amazing, the decor is inviting, and the service is great! We come here as often as we can!"
"Wow, this place is amazeballs! I've been to some of the best BBQ joints in the country (Bogart's, Pappy's in St. Louis and Kreuz, Smitty's, Black's in Texas) and this is not far behind at all! Plus, the service couldn't be much better. 

Ambience was great and a tad dark with a bit of a rustic feel to it. Too bad it was cold outside that night or we would have eaten out on the patio. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a side of potato salad. Before that came, we started with a complimentary corn bread which was one of the best corn breads I've ever had. It was warm, sweet, and almost cake-like in texture. Pork from the sandwich was moist and not stringy at all (which is often the case in a lot of BBQ places). The flavor itself was smoky and there was just enough sauce so that the taste of the meat still took center stage. Potato salad was great too and had just the right amount of mayo. 

Once we had finished our meal, we were given a bag of complimentary mini donuts to take home. Wow, free cornbread AND donuts? I'm completely sold! I've tried a good amount of restaurants since moving to Arizona about 2 months ago, and Bobby Q is definitely in my top 3."
"Great service and atmosphere, tons of parking, and the food is awesome.

We tried the Whole Hog heaven ($51). The Whole hog heaven is too much for one person. We tried getting one 'whole hog' each but no way anyone could come close to finishing it individually. Leftovers for a few more meals!

The brisket is amazing, just incredible, juicy, melt in mouth-type of meat, I personally think I would come back just to eat this. Baby back ribs are so good, I actually enjoy less fat vs the St Louis. The sausage is also super tastyans juicy.

The sides like potato salad, pecan cole slaw, and grilled veggies were solid."
"I just moved out here so trying to find good BBQ here in Phx. Bobby Q was not the best (my family is from TX so trying to beat that is hard period) but I have to say it was good.  The pulled pork was tender. The southern fried chicken was moister than I thought so I give them points for that one.  It was white meat. My friend said their brisket was dry so stay away from there.  Ribs were def falling off the bone.  It was too much sauce for me (I like my BBQ dry rubbed and not drowned in sauce) but it was just as tender as everyone said.  My favorite meat dish. 
The sides:
1) Sauted mushrooms -  SOOOO good!! Whatever is in the sauce, it was so flavorful that I dipped the pork and mash potatoes in it.  Skip the sauted onions.  
2) mash potatoes- pretty good!
3) grilled veggies. Nothing amazing but still good. 
4) Mac and cheese.  Cheesy. Not the best but pretty good. 

Cornbread: moist but bordering on too soft. 

Food I'd say is a 3 or 3 1/2
What really gives them points is the service.  The waitress (forgot her name ;)) did great at always checking in on us and getting us whatever we needed.  Even the bartender and possibly a manager was great.  You certainly get well taken care of here.
The waitress did recommend the peach cobbler.  When I asked her if the peaches were fresh (I don't think it's peach season right?) she wasnt sure.  Might have to take her up on it still since some people mentioned it.  Next time!"
Everything was so flavorful and the waiters were very nice!  I order the beef brisket sandwich and it was amazing. Recommend this place for anyone like bbq
this is my fisrt time to visit Bobby QTravis is so nice and patienthe severed us very well. With his help I could order the most delicious food there though I am a foreigner. My husband loves the restaurant too.
"I have been here countless times and it is our go-to ""must have"" restaurant to take visitors to Phoenix to. I have never had an off-experience, bad service or food that was not flawless here. This place really cares about service and quality here and its ratings show it. You will not be disappointed if you are looking for a comfort food in an upscale environment."
"On a visit to Arizona about a week ago I stopped by here for lunch before flying home. This is a nice barbecue restaurant that has an attractive interior along with a bar area. The hostess seated me and it took about 10 minutes before a waiter showed up. The restaurant was about 1/2 full and the waiter said he didn't see me seated. I ordered the smoasted chicken plate with beans, cole slaw and cornbread along with a salad. The salad arrived first and was good. What I didn't like was that the entree arrived just a few minutes later and I hadn't finished my salad and I am not a slow eater. I hurried to finish the salad because I didn't want to food to get cold. 

The chicken was average size and looked just like chicken that I cook on the grill. The cole slaw had pecans on it and was very good (4). I liked the beans too and graded them at a 3.5. The salad was good also and I gave it a 3. I liked the chicken but felt it only deserved a 3. Not bad but I have had many examples that were better. That's why my overall score for the meal is a 3.

Perhaps my tardy waiter and the fact that the timing of the service was off were a fluke. I believe this is a good restaurant and probably is closer to a 3.5 or maybe even a 4. However that was my experience."
"Hands down best BBQ I have ever had!!! Thanks to yelp we found this place while we were on vacation in Phoenix. I had the brisket and it was verrrryyy good. The pecan slaw was also very good. To top it all off, our server gave us some cinnamon donuts to take with us.  

The service is excellent as well! Our server was very friendly and, knowing we were from out of town, provided a brief history of the restaurant. All other staff seemed very friendly, always smiling. Wish I didn't live so far away from here; I'd eat here all the time! Place is so good it will be a deciding factor to return to Phoenix."
"Such a fun atmosphere! There's so much to look at.
The food is great, wasn't too impressed with the macaroni, tasted like velveeta to me, but the rest of the food was on point! I'd try em out if you've never been there."
"I have heard many things about BBQ in the state of Arizona. Everything from how its not in the same league as KC and TX Bbq and how it lacks flavor like bbq from those places. but I have to say that this place makes me wonder if they never ate here.

It is certainly not blue collar BBQ as its not cheap which means its food not everyone can enjoy. That is the magic of BBQ! I lacks that  ""wear the shirt you dont mind getting messy"" feel which is the only reason I gave it 4 stars. 

Otherwise the meat is expertly smoked (you can smell it on the drive in which is key), the flavors are amazing, ribs fall right off the bone and of you so much as breathe on the meat it falls appart for you. 

The endless cornbread is really a nice selling point for me now as its so moist and yummy. 

The waitress was very well versed on the menu and provided some excellent attention to us while we were dining. 

The food was fantastic, the staff is very friendly, the setting is well enough for a special occasion. Its not your everyday neighborhood bbq joint but if you just got paid and want to celebrate a special occasion then this place will send you home with a full belly and a smile of your face."
In Phoenix for a seminar and found Bobby's near my hotel. I had the Pulled Pork Sandwich (sans bun) and Pecan Coleslaw. Jason at the bar hooked me up with Bobby's Amber Ale and took great care of me. Though I skipped the bun on the sandwich I had to sample the complimentary corn bread...AWESOME! Make sure and try both the original and spicy sauces too.
"This place is delicious!!! I'm usually not a fan of BBQ, but I think it's because I've only had subpar barbecue up until now. My boyfriend on the other hand, always has an appetite for the sweet and savory goodness that it offers.

Take out was quick and we were out the door in 15 minutes, despite a packed house. Service was very friendly too.

I'd recommend the brisket and baby back ribs. My boyfriend said the St. Louis ribs were just ok. The sides were equally delicious! The mac and cheese + cornbread (complimentary) were my favorites!!!

Compared to Phil's BBQ, our party agreed that Bobby Q's is much tastier. 

Next time we'll opt to dine in, and I'd like to try the bread pudding as well!"
"Lives up to the hype. Got a table quick and our food fast as well, and considering how packed this place was for spring training! Brisket was amazing and our server Cody was helpful and really friendly. Coming back again!"
BBQ was good not great. Everything we had was definitely solid but nothing that made me say wow I have to go back. Service was great and we had an excellent server. Above average bbq with good service and nice atmosphere.
"FAR FROM THE NORMAL BUT A SMASH
Ok so we hosted our wedding December 22, 2018 and who would have thought we would hit a homerun choosing Bobby Q to cater our wedding.  We had a classic wedding with a southern style flavor for our wedding guests.  They loved it!! We had the Mac n cheese, cornbread, baked beans, baby back ribs and smoasted chicken.  Needless to say our guest were happy to have traveled from so far away and end up with a meal that felt like home.  The service was superb and Jason French and Summer of Bobby Q's even surprised us with a gift.  It was a hit!!! everyone is still talking about how delicious the catering was.
Thanks Tori and Cynthia Adams"
Seriously the best bbq ever.  Come here from las Vegas just to eat! !!! It's the bomb can't go wrong with anything off the menu
"I was in town back in April '13 on business and ate here with colleagues. It was the first restaurant recommended by our customer.

I had the Whole Hog Heaven, ending up taking half of it home! It was some of the best BBQ I've had, though not the best (That was Oklahoma Joe's in KC).

The atmosphere was upscale with a down-home twist. They have a large beer selection and top off dinner with some freshly-baked donut holes (free with the meal).

I highly recommend this place when you're in the Phoenix area and have a hankerin' for BBQ."
"Worst bbq in the state, even messed up simple lemonade.. tried them twice to be sure, will never go back again!!"
Anyone wanting to be a server should come here to learn how it is supposed to be done. There is no better service at any restaurant anywhere I am certain and the food is amazing as well. The best dining experience anyone could hope for.
"This was absolutely delicious! I had the Pulled Pork BBQ sandwich with the house coleslaw. It was fabulous! The pork was sooo tender with a bit of crunch on the outside. The sandwich was generous but not too big. There was a nice selection of beer and wine as well. The service was excellent. If you're in the area hankering for some BBQ, go here!"
This is another close go to favorite of ours.  The best BBQ in town.
A big fan of the ribs and the Mac n cheese deserves a second order.  Get ready to be full and then they give you cinnamon sugar donuts at the end.
This place has some yummy bbq! Their Mac and cheese and cornbread were incredible! The service was great too! The only negative I saw with this restaurant was there were flies everywhere.
Love bobby q but if you're coming around dinner time it's best to make a reservation otherwise the wait for walk ins could be 1 hr long. The food is delicious and the service is very good too. My favorite spot for some ribs.
Okay here we go.  Service a solid 10.  Hostess friendly and most helpful.  Service fast and again a solid 10 for Tiffany and Rashad spot on.  Manager stopped By to make sure everything was good.  Now on to to food.  Prime Rib an 8.  Smoked Prime Rib interesting.  I had the chicken.  Excellent 8.  BBQ sauce a 10.  Order the spicy.  Not to spicy.  Side of veggies the best.  Corn also worth it.  Do not miss.  Over all Vibe a 10.  The people here understand customer service.  Value 10.  Come early it gets busy.
"Had a great meal here last night. Met family and we ate at the bar. Very attentive and friendly staff! Our group got chicken tenders, pork sliders, beef ribs and beef brisket. Each plate was delicious. I had the Mac and Cheese side and it was awesome. All the sides were tasty. We all noticed the quality of the food was noticeably high and the ingredients were fresh. High marks for good food. High marks for staff. Top marks for atmosphere. Would definitely come back."
"Tonight was my first time here and everything was AMAZING! I am in Phoenix (from California) for a little getaway visiting my baby brother and he mentioned Bobby Q as a dinner location! I'm so happy we came. Our server was super attentive, friendly and helpful. The food was fresh and oh so delicious! Corn bread to start and fresh donuts for a free dessert to finish, which are a churro lovers dream come true! The family had bbq and I enjoyed the Mac n cheese with shoestring fries since those are my favorite things to eat. Towards the end of our visit manager Jack came over to chat and invited us back anytime. We got 10% off the bill just for checking in on Yelp which is awesome  highly recommend this place if you are ever in the Phoenix area! Thank you Bobby Q's for a fantastic visit,the great country music and comfortable atmosphere! Your team is awesome! Keep up the great work! Peace , love  and BBQ !"
"If want a lot of food in a friendly and casual atmosphere, this is the place. I had a half a BBQ chicken w/ Mac and cheese and cole slaw. It was more than enough food. Mixed with cold beer, a table outside, and quick, friendly service, this is a great casual meal."
"My wife and I ordered the Whole Hog Heaven. The meat was spectacular! Ribs were smoked to perfection, chicken was juicy, and the pork was great! The two suggestions we have are to make the tables for two a little bigger (would have been fine if we ordered something different), and provide moist towlets for cleaning your hands after eating the ribs. Those suggestions don't affect the rating I gave 'cause the food was just too good!
As for the service, our waitress was fast friendly and very informative! Next time I am in Phoenix I will be back to Bobby Qs!"
This is our second visit to Bobby Q's within a month and we have completely enjoyed our meal tonight! Our server Kristen has been amazing and the manager Taylor's attentiveness has been incredible! Not to mention the food was very tasty! The whole staff overall has been awesome delivering food & drinks and keeping our table clear of any unwanted plates and stuff! This was an overall great experience celebrating our anniversary! Thanx Bobby Q's!
"Had an amazing 3 meat combo with brisket, pork, and baby back ribs and as usual it was amazing. The ribs fell off the bone and the pork and brisket were delicious and full of flavor. Also our waiter Justin was on point with everything to make the entire experience awesome."
We ate here for Father's Day and had the pleasure of being served by Michael. Not only was our food great but our service was also amazing. The restaurant was packed so the good service was a pleasant surprise. Michael was on top of everything and very attentive to our needs. We go here often and have never gone wrong with the food!
"Pretty good as usual. If you love bbq, this is where you go. We go here quite a lot. Oh and the Mac and cheese, to die for. Q-rolls are also a great option. I love that chipotle ranch they have."
Best bbq ever!! We were on vacation from CA and this is a perfect reason to return to Phoenix! CJ our server was awesome! The food was awesome! Will definitely recommend.
"This was an interesting find. Upon arriving in Phoenix, i obv checked yelp to see what the best eats were. Based on the reviews, this seemed like a no brainer. 

Its basically an off the highway stop for grub. The outdoor eating area looked more appealing than inside. The service was great but i just wasnt crazy about the bbq or drinks unfortunately. We shared the Q rolls and a both ordered the pulled pork sandwich. The Q rolls tasted like they were from Applebees and the pulled pork just wasnt juicy at all.  The mac n cheese was actually pretty good. Portions are pretty large also. 

The drinks were 95% mixer. They give you unlimited cornbread which was different than your average. It was a circle of  soft and buttery goodness. They also give you free donuts at the end of your meal. These were the winner for me. THEY WERE SO GOOOOD! 

However, the service was great! Our waiter was very attentive and offered if we wanted more cornbread and whatever else we needed. 

I unfortunately would not return here again. It just seems like people like it cause its a convenient ""real food"" stop on the highway. Its definitely not the best bbq iv ever had and it is certainty not worth the hype. If i do return,  itll be for those damn donuts!"
The Mac n Cheese tho... to die for and the service was very pleasant. Best spot for lunch
"Best BBQ in Phoenix, hands down.

Great ribs and brisket, especially. The donuts are good when they are fresh, and usually are.

Service has never been an issue here, but never over-the-top stellar - but that's okay in a casual BBQ joint. 

Keep it up!"
"Where do I even begin? This is the best bbq I've ever had in my life. So so good. The bbq ribs are so bomb!! My boyfriends favorite is the brisket. And DO NOT SKIP the corn bread. So good. So warm. Fresh. Tasty. Buttery. Goodness. I suggest to make reservations, it's always so busy."
"We were in town visiting and looking for a BBQ place and ended up at Bobby Q's. Let me start off by saying I'm not a huge fan of bbq so I was hesitant on going, but once I tasted it I was SO glad we chose it! The portions are huge and easily shareable, plus the sides are SO good! I tried the macaroni and mashed potatoes and they were both great along with the corn bread which comes before your meal. They also give you mini doughnuts with your check which were again super good. The service was also great, I don't remember our server's name but he was super attentive and recommended a bunch of items on the menu. Bobby Q's is definitely worth checking out and it's safe to say I will be eating there whenever I'm in town!"
This was such a good pit stop (pun intended) on our way from Sedona back to San Diego!
"Yummy! We drove up here since the other place on top of this list (close to the university) was sold out. Worth the drive! Easily the best bbq I've had. Hubby and I shared the 2 rib platter (St.Louis and beef) with 2 sides - cole slaw and roasted corn. Fall-off-the bone meat, tender and moist, smoked but no overwhelming ""smoky"" taste, delicious corn bread that we asked for more! Our server, Carissa was fantastic. The manager on duty came to each table greeting customers. Top that!"
"I went here tonight with my lady and everything was great. Ordered the St. Louis style ribs but wasn't a big fan. Mentioned it to the waiter and the GM came over and comped it. He got me the brisket platter instead, but also a few baby back ribs for us to try. Went way above and beyond my expectations! 

Also best macaroni and cheese I've ever had at a BBQ joint bar none!"
"The best barbeque I have ever had. Fast service. Great portions. Meat falls off the bone!! Service is ok!! Definitely worth going to in Phoenix, AZ!!"
"Coming from Florida with a lack of everything, this is outstanding BBQ and our service was great too!  No complaints. First visit and will definitely be back!!"
"Baylee was our server and the manager said she was new, we had excellent service along with great BBQ! Plus the portions are huge, definitely left overly full :)"
"This is our third time to Bobby Q. My husband requested that we go there for his birthday dinner. I have to start by saying that told the hostess that it was my husband's birthday but nothing was ever said about it. I don't expect alot but a candle stuck in the mac n cheese or in a donut as acknowledgement that it was his birthday would have been nice. That said, our server, Zac, was lovely. Very attentive and pleasant. Clearly, the hostess just didn't bother to mention the birthday because I'm sure that Zac would have said something nice. He was great. The baby back ribs were yummy. Very fall off the bone. The mac n cheese is quite cheesy and I love the cornbread. On this occasion, we didn't have dessert because we were stuffed from ribs but I have had the banana dessert before and it is spectacular."
"I was staying at a hotel about .8 miles away as I was going to the Fiesta Bowl, and I noticed that they had an ad about delivering food to the hotel. Then I started reading the small print. Does not include tip, tax, $3 set up charge, etc. I decided to go there so I called. I told the girl where I was staying, lots of one way streets, etc. and asked for directions from my hotel. Lots of um's and ah's and she then asked me to wait until she got someone else on the phone. I almost hung up and then another dizzy girl picked up and she started stammering and stuttering without any clear directions, until she told me to wait until she got someone else on the phone, and I said, ""never mind"" and hung up. I went to the front desk at the hotel and the woman there gave me clear directions in about  2 minutes. I was on the phone with the two dingbats for about 15 to 20 minutes. I drove over and it took about 5 minutes to get there. I walked in and the restaurant was packed, so I went into the lounge to see if I could order in there. As I was walking about, I received ""hard"" looks from the guys on duty there, bouncers I guess. I looked at the jerk, turned around and went to the reception area and asked one of the young ladies how long it would take for a table for one. She said about an hour and a half. I asked her if she was serious and she said ""yes"", so I left. When I got back to the hotel, I tried to order take out without success. Even though it was before 9PM and the order form said that they delivered up to that time, they said they were not delivering. I gues it was because it was New Years Eve. When I went to the office to look for another restaurant, I met some UConn fans, and as I was talking with them about Bobby Q, they said that Bobby Q wasn't that great when compared to a few CT barbecue places or some Southern places they visited in Charlotte during another bowl game. The famous cornbread did not live up to its rep, so I felt better. Then, they asked if I wanted to try some of their food. They had a bunch of leftovers, that they weren't going to eat, and I had a microwave in my room. Like them, I wasn't impressed with either the food or the famous sauce. More hype than good food, an incompetent wait staff, and nasty looking guys in the lounge does not look like a good time to me. Sorry Bobby Q."
"This place is great, solid proteins and when I want BBQ I care about the sides almost as much as the meat and this place has the BEST sides! Mac and cheese is incredible, highly recommend eating here."
"By far best bbq, Mac and cheese and cornbread I have ever had. I will be returning!!!!"
Travis was an excellent server and the food was delicious!!! The atmosphere is really nice and we enjoyed sitting on the patio.
"First time back since the nightclub incident, but it has been five years and this time, I entered the no-dress restrictions dining room. The BBQ Burger with bacon, onion straws, house sauce and cheddar was easily in the top 5 burgers in the area. Perfectly cooked well done, it came with my choice of side and that was the very crisp and cold pecan dusted cole slaw that had a nice crunch. The pre-meal free cornbread was light and airy and a good starter, but I do prefer the more dense style.
Hot Donuts: Chewy, sweet, Doughy - a nice touch
Mac N Cheese - sticky style, perfect crust and just really good
Brisket - Some fat, but alot of moist meat as well and served sliced."
"This place has the BEST BBQ! Great facility/fun atmosphere, lots of cool stuff. Very busy place, but amazingly fast service.  Everyone from the hostess, to the manager were very polite  and welcoming.  My wife and I split ""The Whole Hog"" meal......more than enough for 2 people!  We went back the next night for more.  We got a mixed platter of baby back ribs, St Louis style ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, potato salad, coleslaw and grilled veggies......everything was AWESOME!!! To top it off we got fresh made mini donuts to go. Shout out to our great bartender(server) too....Spencer, THANKS!"
"Not all barbecue is created equally. I'm from Chicago and grew up eating barbecue NOT pulled porked sandwiches or beef brisket, but pork barbecue ribs & rib tips from the south side of Chicago. Ya know, the kind where white bread and french fries are saturated in sauce at the bottom of the basket. Where you have to work a little bit to pull the meat off the bone. Where you smell the charred ribs a few blocks away. Now that's barbecue to me.

This does not mean that I cannot appreciate other types of barbecue. We spilt the pulled pork sandwich and slab of ribs. It was good, but I packed the leftovers for my husband's lunch today. When something is really good I don't share and sadly, the ribs we just okay. 

I gave an extra star for the customer service. The hostess and waitress were polite, attentive and nice. Too bad more establishments are not as well run as Bobby Q."
Love this place! Everything I've had has been absolutely delicious! Go see Sawyer she is an awesome server!! :) and dont forget to get the Mac n cheese! Best I've ever had!!!
Loved it last year when we ate in.  Unfortunately delivered food fell short.  Sandwich in our order as not delivered. No bq sauce or butter offered or included.  Ribs were not very flavorful and I loved them last year. Ordered full rack and didn't finish half; something I've never done.
Abby is the best server I have ever had she know the menu well and made my time at Bobby Q enjoyable. She deserves this weekend off!!!
"Tried Bobby Q's after a long hot day in Phoenix, what a treat! Plenty of parking, friendly staff, and awesome food! From the cornbread and Arnold Palmer I started with and the brisket and beef ribs to finish me off! I was very pleased with everything, we will definitely be back!"
"Been here with my gf right before new years. Ordered a Q roll and a bbq sampler platter. The Q roll has beef brisket wrapped inside and deep fried. It tastes a little crispy on the outside and the meat is really tender on the inside served with chipotle sauce and bbq sauce for $9. The bbq sampler comes with 3 meats for $13 so we chose bbq brisket, pulled pork, and the ribs. The ribs were REALLY tender and juicy, loved them. Brisket was very tender too and the pulled pork was good. Overall, the food was really good and service was pretty decent. I would recommend this place"
"Absolutely amazing! We had dinner tonight at Bobby Qs. We were sat quickly by friendly hostesses. It was our second time dining there. And it was the best service and food we've had in AZ, again. We had beef ribs, baby back ribs, pulled pork nachos, loaded potato with pulled pork, mac and cheese, and pecan cole slaw. Each bite more delicious than the last. The kicker was the service. I hate to forget a name of a great server but he had a trimmed beard and said he was born in '88 in a conversation we kicked up. I got a great beer recommendation for a great price during happy hour. He knew the menu and selections by heart. The server gent checked in multiple times but in a very tactful way- never intrusive. The manager, Jason, stopped by, too. They all seemed genuinely interested in the quality of our experience. I hope the kitchen staff and our server get major kudos. We'll absolutely be back and continue to recommend Bobby Qs!"
"This place needs a sixth star.  I'm impressed every step of the way.  Polite and helpful on the phone, personable and prompt waiters, perfectly portions cooked to perfection.  I've been to every BBQ place within 10 miles of home and I was very happy to have found Bobby Q's at 9 miles out."
"we celebrated my birthday all weekend.  we made the trek to bobby q on sunday. I ordered the brisket sandwich with mac and cheese and let me tell you about that mac & cheese..it was amazing. Mr H went with the chicken and brisket and for his sides: beans and potato salad.  
The food is sinfully delicious! I will NOT be coming here as often as I would like... I found it too indulgent. it is definitely a treat and worth trying! I love those little donuts they give you at the end!"
"Can't say enough good about this place, ambiance, service, quality and taste of food, loved, loved, loved it! Price was also very reasonable!"
Very happy with our dinner my husband is real picky about his ribs but he was very pleased with the choices that we had that mac & cheese was excellent and the cornbread made our day very good choice I would recommend it to anybody looking for a good barbecue thanks for letting us put a little critique on the side and last but not least our waitress was excellent!!!
I love this spot. Great food fast service any desert you choose  will satisfy  your pallet the atmosphere  alone is super duper.
"By far, the best barbecue place I have ever been to.  We ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and we're in heaven with each bite.  The Mac and Cheese is excellent, the ST. Louis ribs are to die for and the service is excellent.  Look forward to my next trip to Phoenix so I can eat there."
"Oh man, if you're looking for amazingly tender slow cooked goodness that melts in your mouth this is your place. The best BBQ in Phoenix in my opinion. The plate dinner can feed 3 adults and is only around $50. Great prices for the quality of food and portions. Cool ambiance, friendly staff, great service. And they end the meal with complimentary benyets (spelling?) they are little fried donuts with cinnamon sugar dusting! Whenever our parents come to AZ to visit we always make sure to brig the here."
"Never thought I'd find the BEST bbq ever in Arizona...and I've lived in Texas. This place is AMAZING. I bring friends and family here whenever they're in town and everyone has loved it. The cornbread is amazing and the brisket is the best I've ever had. The free donuts are a cute and yummy touch as well. The only thing I usually skip is the ranch beans, but as I was told this place has a very big customer following that specifically enjoy that recipe so I get why they wouldn't change. But I do miss some traditional BBQ beans when I eat here. Otherwise, this place is the best!!!"
"The Best BBQ Ribs restaurant I ever been to, hands down.  Love this place!!!  If I had a lot of money and time I would drive all the way from Glendale, CA to Glendale, AZ every month just to come to this place.  Think about opening up a new restaurant here in LA.  You would be welcome!!  Love you guys.  Great service, lovely dcor, fantastic and mouth watering food.  Fall off the bone tender meat.  The side dishes were outstanding and well prepared with excellent recipes.  They were so tantalizing, fresh and plentiful.  Don't forget to grab a strawberry lemonade (Hold the sugar on the rim, though---Sugar Overload!!!!)."
"Delicious! Service was great & everyone was super friendly. Food came out fast & fresh! Cornbread as a starter was so yummy & very filling! I highly recommend the Mac & cheese, it was sooooo cheesy & rich! All the meats we tried were wonderful. Ribs fell straight off the bone, brisket pulled right apart & the chicken was juicy. Baked beans had meat shredded in them and were amazing. They give you complimentary sugar donuts to take home at the end and omg they were the perfect way to end the meal. So fresh & warm, soft & sugary! We were stuffed and left with enough left overs for another meal for two! I highly recommend this place & will definitely be back!"
"The staff here is amazing.  Kristi the head hostess, Blake the manager and my server Travis were all attentive and very eager to please.  The night I visited there was a college graduation and a football team in the house.  The line wa backed well into the parking lot and the entire scene was a ballet of highly organized chaos.  They said it was a typical Friday night and took it all in stride.
They have a few ""Reserved"" high tops on the bar area...if you are a party of one, ask if you can sit there.
The thing to get is the Beef Brisket...so tender it melts in your mouth.  I also wanted to try the Texas Beef Ribs.  This is where the staff shined.  I found the rub to be a bit heavy on the salt and the pepper.  Travis asked how things tasted and I was honest.  He offerd to bring me something else.  In general, I live with my choices so I stuck with the ribs - despite his three tries to bring me an alternative.  The were still good and entirely edible...I chalked it up to my palate.  Blake brought me a side of their delicious Mac and Cheese.  
This is a solid 4.5 to 5 experience and I went high because of the service.
Oh BTW, 10% discount for Yelp checkin.   I will be back and bring my foodie boss.
9:30 and still a line."
"SOOOOOO AMAZING! Our server was awesome and everything was perfect. This was our first time, service was quick and the atmosphere was on point. Honestly thought about going again today cause I wanted the Bobby q rolls with that chipotle sauce.  we both got separate meals, my boyfriend got a burger and I got the pulled pork and was obsessed with the spicy bbq sauce. The fries were okay but I definitely recommend the mash potatoes and gravy! PLUS you know it's a good place when the ranch is runny, I hate pasty ranch  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
"Bobby Qs has worked its way into the rotation and not just for the warm, delicious mini-donuts they give you at the end of your meal. I love the corn. The mac and cheese is rich and creamy and super cheesey! The brisket is tender and generally lean. The ribs fall. right. off. the. bone! Like, seriously! I don't generally eat ribs because I'm not into gnawing meat off the bone, but I can eat these ribs with my fork! I like the kick to the spicy BBQ sauce. The portions are generous and on Sundays you can get enough food for 3-4 people easy for under $30! (see my pic: http://bit.ly/HbzA9R)"
"Best brisket ever! Tender, moist and juicy -- not fatty. Excellent pulled pork, tasty sides. We'll definitely be back."
Best BBQ in Phoenix. Brisket is full of flavor. Ribs are so tender the meat falls off the bone. All the sauces are fantastic. Best mac n cheese I've had in the valley. Great service. Ask for Jason he is on point!
"If you find yourself in the Phoenix area then Bobby-Q is your BBQ stop! This was my first experience here, but my co-workers ate here 3 out of the 4 nights we were in town! This is not an expensive joint by any means, but it is a ""nicer"" place than your road side BBQ stand, even nicer than the outer appearance of the building suggests. This building also hosts a trendy night club, which we did not visit.
The BBQ here was on point for sure! Everything from the brisket to the pulled pork and even the BBQ egg roll appetizer thingy's (thingy is the technical name) were all tasty and gone before they knew what happened!
On top of that the staff and facility were all top notch, helpful and cleanly!"
"Food is always great! I love their pecan cole slaw & the corned beef brisket. The cornbread tastes like I make at home (Krusteaz from costco).  Kinda pain to find if your heading there for the first time. Head up the 17 til Dunlap & then head back down the road next to the freeway to get to it. It's worth it. Prepare to bring home leftovers. We do every time. About $40 for two to eat (drinking water). Desserts are huge, can order half desserts. Free dessert on your birthday, still embarrassing to be sung to...."
Best BBQ I have ever had. They said it would be a 30-45 minute wait because we had a large party and they were full on reservations. Got us in within 5 minutes of waiting. Wonderful drinks and appetizers. The hog heaven was perfect to split with the family and absolutely delicious. The donuts at the end were completely over the top. Will for sure be coming back!
"THE BEST RIBS I'VE HAD HANDS DOWN!! The meat was perfectly cooked and the portions are so big for such a good price! My bf and I shared a half rack of ribs and got two sides and were completely stuffed, all for $20! They even gave us extra corn bread as an appetizer! And free dessert! Love this place!"
"What a local Gem to find while traveling! The ambiance is quite a draw as well as the mouthwatering smell of bbq. I asked for a reservation change and they accommodated and we were greeted with genuine kindness when we arrived. The manager seated us and we were well catered to. Shout out to a great waiter Chris. He helped us pick some great menu items and it came out quick! 

Meat was perfect, my baby back rips fell right off the bone and their bbq sauces are quite flavorful. The coleslaw was great as it wasn't overly mayo'd. 

All around great place will return when I visit again !"
"Bobby Q is a unique property, in which one side is a Barbecue restaurant and the other is a music venue. A couple weeks ago, we celebrated a co-worker's birthday here, and although we were outside when it rained, we didn't have to worry about getting soaked. The beers were quite tall, and the food was excellent! Along with ordering the pulled pork mini-burritos and wings, we were also given small sacks of fresh cooked mini-donuts. Nowhere have I gone to, have those been served; you wouldn't think of a BBQ place serving such delectable little donuts!

In regard to the music, I can't say I've been there but did have a DJ friend there recently headline there for a Thursday night. The set up looks good, for being outside of Downtown Phoenix and Old Town Scottsdale.

Can highly recommend if not for the BBQ, at least for the small sacks of fresh donuts!"
"Oh no! I caught the meat sweats again from Bobby Q! That bastard! 

I can't claim I'm an expert in BBQ, however I think I hold my own and Bobby Q is damn good. We enjoyed a few happy hour beers for $3 to $5 depending on the beer. Then we did it, we went with the Whole Hog ($36). It included 4 types of meat and 3 sides. The highlights were the St. Louis ribs, the beef brisket, mac n cheese and the cole slaw. Way too much food for two, but my company was paying so let the sweats begin! 

Service was friendly and the decor was inviting. The back room area, or I guess the club, was a bit sketchy but what club isn't at 5PM. Maybe that's where you find the cure for those sweats!"
Love their mac n cheese! Best BBQ spot in Phoenix
"Love this place!  My wife and I just found this fantastic restaurant.  Great food, with equally great service.  We will be coming back as often as possible."
"My first review! I felt obliged to sign up (and do this), since I found Bobby Q via Yelp (tonight) in the first place. We enjoyed ribs and pulled pork, the food was just right. Not Memphis mastery, but a solid effort. The BBQ sauce was especially good--all our sides were fresh (especially the pecan cole slaw, which can easily get ""soft"" by 10pm depending on the establishment. They started the meal with good (sweet) cornbread. Overall nice and clean atmosphere--the manager asked if we were okay several times. We got free tiny cinammon donuts at the end, a nice touch-. I left stuffed, $40 even (without tip) for two. Note that they provide a 10% Yelp discount--smart choice, I wish them the best."
"I have been thinking about dining at Bobby Q for a couple years.  I am SO THRILLED that I checked them out tonight.  With luck we were sat right away on the adorable patio.  The monito and Sangria were on point, and we LOVED the BBQ chicken and brisket!   We scraped our plates clean and agreed this will be our new favorite spot. Shout out to an amazing server; Brittany!"
"All around amazing restaurant! I have seen this restaurant on a MUST try in a list somewhere but forgot the name. So I decided to enlist Yelp for help when I was in the Arizona area for Spring Training this year. What strike me was the 1300+ yelp reviews and the 4.5 stars rating. I knew I had to bookmark this. Reservation was easy as I did it on open table (4:30PM on a Monday).

My bf and I arrived earlier and sat at the bar. That's when I learned the hard way that Arizona has a law that prohibits selling alcohol to anyone with a vertical ID, even though they might passed the age of 21. (Yes, I'll be renewing my license this month as it expires next month). Oh well...

The full party arrived and we were led to a table for 6 in the back. We were promptly greeted by our server, Riley. He made us feel welcomed with his friendly attitude and provided us with a great recommendation for appetizer, the Q-roll! Everyone enjoyed it and it set a good note for the rest of the evening.

All the ""adults"" except me got the Bobby Q Amber Ale that went really well with the BBQ, while I got the frozen strawberry lemonade. It was delicious! They served us complimentary circular shaped cornbread before our main course, that was really good too. This is coming from someone that doesn't blink twice for cornbread. Then our order of the Whole Hog Heaven and a rack of the St. Louis Style Ribs came. That was the perfect amount for our group of 6 adults. We only had 2 ribs left and everyone was stuffed! To top off the amazing meal, our server gave us a bag of homemade cinnamon sugar donuts to take home. Overall, I was so glad my choice for dinner was a success!

Parking: A big private lot. There are spaces reserved for to-go orders.

Atmosphere: Outdoor patio, bar and dimly lit indoor seating. 

Good for: Dates (not really for first dates unless you don't mind eating BBQ), catching up with friends, small and big groups (family, friends, celebration, birthdays, etc.)

Service: Super friendly and accommodating. Right when I entered, the hostess was smiling and ready to help. Our server was awesome!

Food: Amazing. Don't even need a knife, it just melts off the bone! Whole Hog Heaven for groups of 4! Try the Amber Ale or the frozen strawberry lemonade.

Apparently, they'll turn into a nightclub on St. Patrick's Day. I'll definitely be back if I'm back in this area! :)"
Great foods and a lot to choose. Service is good and people were kind.
"I came year last August (late review...sorry) and I was SUPER impressed! The ambiance was much different from most BBQ joints. It was a bit on the sleek side which I liked very much. My hubby & I opted for the catfish po boy...(at a BBQ joint..go figure!) and that sucker was GOOD! I liked at the end of the meal they give you these wonderful little fresh donuts...Ahhh...be still my beating heart...When I go back to Phoenix, I'll be hitting up this place! One more thing... Location is a bit awkward. If You're headed to this restaurant & if it feels like you're lost.. You're not...it's in somewhat of a residential area."
"Hands down one of the best smoked BBQ eatery!

Had the Q-rolls, smoked prime rib, and half chicken. Plus some drinks...all for $80 including tax/tips!

Perfectly cooked. Juicy, tender meat. What more can you ask for?

Check in to get 10% off your bill.

Definitely coming back."
I'm a southern but have lived out west for 27 yrs. and so far this is the best bbq I have found in Phoenix. Love everything we have had and have tried almost everything. The donuts are a fun addition at the end. Would totally take my southern friends and family who come out to visit here
"This restaurant was phenomenal! My husband and I visited from MN and the staff - our waitress Julie especially- was simply amazing! They were SO kind and generous, giving us free homemaker donuts before we left to try. Not only did this leave such a positive impression on us (and will being us back every time we visit Phoenix for sure!), but the food was to die for. We had some kind of brisket appetizer suggested by our waitress (who was such a sweetheart), and the chicken bbq - with shoestring fries, Max & cheese, veggies, and bottomless corn bread (the BEST I've ever had). Everything was SO good - I honestly will be raving about this place to all my friends and family. My husband too will be, he is picky and absolutely loved the food. Everything was perfect and Julie our waitress made it that much more memorable for us!"
So enjoyed the food. The Mac N Cheese was delicious.  Great BBQ food.  I would recommend trying it.  We will go back again!
"On a business trip with a co-worker and we decided to try here off the Yelp reviews and we were not disappointed!  I can say this might have been the best St Louis ribs I have had outside of St Louis.  I was very glad I ordered it.  My colleague got the beef brisket  which was also amazing.  

Our server was CJ and he was attentive and quick to give suggestions and answer all questions. 

Very happy we tried it and we will be back on our next trip to Phoenix!"
"Visiting Arizona from the East Coast and read about Bobby Q's here on Yelp. We  decided to give it a try and were very glad we did. What a great time and meals we had. Our server ""Smitty"" was upbeat, he was very attentive to all our needs. The pulled pork and brisket were tender, tasteful, generously portioned and well above expectations. I would definitely recommend."
"This place is awesome, whenever I'm in Arizona which is alot... I'm here! It's really mellow, delicious, and everybody's on top of the game. Especially Austin, he's a great server and on the ball! Thanks Austin, see you guys soon."
"Omg YES!!! Walked in at 6:30pm and they accommodated 30 of us. We sat at different tables but all close! Service was super fast so fast it was all over to quick! We shared their version of the feast so got to sample lots of goodness. The brisket was my favorite and corn bread was amazing. To hard to choose on what to get so get it all! 
I don't know the managers name but she was on it!!!! Thank you for accommodating us!"
"Food, service, and atmosphere are all awesome here. The BBQ is phenomenal, best I've had in Arizona, hands down. Beer selection is a little slim. Prices are reasonable."
"Stopped in for a business lunch and it does not get any better. Was visiting town on business and the client suggested the venue. This joint hits on all cylinders. Greeted and seated promptly. Friendly but not intrusive server who was always there at the right time. Great corn bread to start. Had the BBQ chicken sandwich and shoestring fries. Delicious. Also, the five you a mini sugar donut made onsite with your bill. OMG best part of the meal. Leaves you with a great taste in your mouth. Pun perhaps intended or not ;)"
"Went on a Sunday for lunch and it was our first time.  Our server, Charles, was knowledgeable in the food and drinks. We all got different meals. None of if had any complaints. Our glasses was kept full and plates removed as we was done. We even was given wetnaps after our lunch to clean the BBQ from our fingers lol. Would highly recommend and will be back on our next trip to Phoenix. Would love to see this become a national restaurant"
"After all the glorious reviews this restaurant has, I had to check it out. I ordered the Saint Louis ribs, pulled pork and brisket. My sides were the beans and coleslaw.
The service was good, and the donuts at the end were good, the slaw wasn't bad either.
The rest of it was bad to terrible, the cornbread came out and it was mush, I couldn't pick it up and eat it, it fell apart in my hands.
 I thought what ever, the meat should be good. 
The main course came out, the exact same way, light brown clumps of mush, the brisket fell into little pieces and needed to be put in to a sandwich to be eaten. The pulled pork had very little taste. Next the ribs, the meat fell of the bones, a mushy mess, I had to eat them with a fork, because it was impossible to pick up a rib bone. I  only ate as much as I needed to feel not hungry,which was less than half. I had to eat the sides just because it was solid food. I will never go back there again, And considering the other complaints of  'mushy meat ""  on here  this wasn't a fluke, I felt I had to add to it. Total waste of money."
"My family and I frequent this restaurant often, the food is good yet pricey.  MY REVIEW INVOLVES The fact that my wife wanted to throw a graduation party for 30 people. The manager was non friendly and not AT ALL communicative with information, almost as if they didn't want our money or reservation. They offered us a small weeknight window, no menu suggestions, no flexibility.   

We have taken our party elsewhere to a restaurant That was happy to serve us and make an extra $1500"
"I remember this place from back in the Bobby McGee's days. A lot of crazy fun back then and a solid performer to date.

A lot of food for the money. Well prepared. Usually competent, friendly service. Sometimes the wait is a bit long. And, though plentiful, truthfully the barbeque is good, but not great.

My only question: why is Death by Chocolate still on their menu when they don't have it? That was a legendary part of the Bobby McGee's experience."
"now i know what all the hype is about around town! this place serves amazing and good quality food! I am a huge fan of their ribs, burgers, and their alcoholic beverages."
"SOOOOOO AMAZING! Our server was awesome and everything was perfect. This was our first time, service was quick and the atmosphere was on point. Honestly thought about going again today cause I wanted the Bobby q rolls with that chipotle sauce.  we both got separate meals, my boyfriend got a burger and I got the pulled pork and was obsessed with the spicy bbq sauce. The fries were okay but I definitely recommend the mash potatoes and gravy! PLUS you know it's a good place when the ranch is runny, I hate pasty ranch  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
"Service was good and the food was just average. If your looking for great BBQ, keep looking. I had the beef ribs and for the price I expected better. They were served cold and the sauce was just meh. I won't be back, not worth the price."
U went there for an office party. So my review will be limited to starter and selection of beer. Aps are good..but nothing to die for. Typical u healthy..greasy..cheesy affair. Everything was edible..I did like their Mac and cheese more than anything else...good beer selection...my review will be more detailed if I visit them again...
Giant baked potato loaded with BBQ was delicious. Service was quick and drinks never emptied. Excellent timely service on a busy holiday weekend. It was my first time here and I'm so incredibly impressed!
"Macaroni and cheese that sticks to YOUR ribs?? Yes, please!! 
The cornbread, check! 
The bbq chicken breast, check! 
The ribs, check! 
The pulled pork, check! 
Everything deserves a check!"
"What can I say that you don't know about this place? It's been reviewed over 50 times...  I had been dying to try it as I love a great pulled pork sandwich and everyone was telling me how great they were here!

Well, I was not disappointed.  The pork was tender with great flavor, overflowing off the bun, creating a sticky BBQ mess (which is just the way I like it!) I went for the ranch beans instead of the fries, and while you don't get a lot, they were very good.  I skipped the corn bread and little dessert donuts (didn't need the carbs) but everyone else loved them. 

I'm still looking for the best BBQ pulled pork sandwich in Phoenix, but this is the leader so far!"
"My Guilty Pleasure: 

Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix and the top 5 best BBQ I've ever had. I have nothing negative to say about this place except you might feel a bit guilty after all the food you will have! The portions are pretty big without the big price tag. A dinner for 3 will cost you less than $50. Great atmosphere and usually good service also. Be prepared to wait about 15 minutes on weekends and the dinner rush if you do not have a reservation, but it is definitely worth the wait!"
"The server Kody is so good and so hot
He was super nice and involved 
Knew what he was talking about 
and had the cutest smile in the world 
Give him a raise"
Food and service were fantastic. We had a couple of special requests for our meals and they were very accommodating. The only downfall was the portions sizes are huge so unless you are sharing or going home right after and can refrigerate your left overs it is just too much. I had Bob's Salad and substituted the chicken for salmon and the salmon was cooked perfectly. We will definitely be back!
"Very good BBQ. Rough part of Phx and it is kind of tough to find the place, let alone the door once you park there. The food was well worth it, however and the manager even gave us some free mac n cheese to try. It was awesome. We got free cornbread, the mac n cheese bowl, and doughnuts when we left. Service and food was really good. It's a 4.5/5."
"This is the best restaurant in Phoenix. I LOVE it so much. It is a bit pricey, but the food is fantastic and the servers are great. Their happy hour is actually pretty good as well. I've tried several drinks and never been disappointed. The environment is so unique and fun. After you've eaten more than you can handle they also give you free donuts! Amazing place."
My favorite BBQ place in town. Very nice inside. Great service and excellent food.
They were so friendly here and the food was delicious. A bit expensive but it was worth it. We'll be back.
"*Cue N'Sync - It's Tearin' Up My Heart*

Bobby Q does in fact tear my heart up.  TO A MILLION SHREDS.

Here's the low down...

Good: 
-St.Louis Style Ribs, tender
-Service
-Complimentary Donut Holes

Bad:
-Beef Ribs, tough, small
-Sides: forgettable

Although I love all-things beef, the beef ribs here are a disappointment.  The portions aren't nearly worthy of the price tags and the only reason they serve you the butter-saturated corn-bombs is because you're technically paying for them.  I don't even think the pork ribs are smoked...

The service bumps it up a star, otherwise, a two-star establishment."
"While Bobby Qs is typically always a 5 star experience, our last visit was a little off.

We dined on 9/8/18. The service itself was great, but my husband and I both noticed our steaks were  subpar.
I made the comment, ""this is good, but not as good as  I remembered.""
His response, ""I was thinking the same thing.""

Bobby Qs is my top pick for birthdays and anniversaries. Not sure if they switched meat suppliers or what, but it was not the meal I was expecting! (Tasted like a chain steak house)
Our server was great, and the sides were perfect, but the steak was meh, and for that it was a 4 star evening."
"I will keep this short as sweet since we bought a large takeout order and did not eat in Bobby Q. The BBQ is quite good. Not outrageous, but very good. Brisket was tasty, the chicken was the star. The only thing that was just OK was the corn bread that comes in small pucks. They were uneven. Some were really good, others were marginal. All in all, well prepared tasty food."
"This is my second visit to Bobby Q...the first one was several years ago. I ordered a ribeye steak and it was tender and flavorful. For $25 I got the steak and two sides and I found it to be a great value for a $25 steak. It is a step up from Outback and Texas Roadhouse, but about the same price. I sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive and friendly. One of my sides was the mac and cheese and I can honestly say that it was some of the cheesiest, and therefore some of the best that I have had."
"Oh my goodness!!! Wonderful food and amazing service!!!

I apologize for waiting a month to write this, so I cannot remember what everyone had, but I do know that everyone had something different and everyone loved what they had. My giant chicken salad was so yummy, it made me not miss the foods that I cannot have :)"
"BBQ Chicken sandwich was too dry. Baby back ribs were good, brisket was so-so. Yummy cornbread. 
Customer service was excellent. 
Park in the back if you're going to take your food to-go."
"My wife and I enjoyed the Whole Hog Heaven!! We didn't get to finish our meal because it was that large of a portion!  We arrived hungry and now leaving with left overs.  I really enjoyed the service from our Waiter, genuine and prompt!  I'll come back, quality flavors of smoked and caramelized ribs!!!"
"Everything is relative to the area.  So I will say that this is definitely the best in Phoenix or anywhere else in Arizona.  No chain or mom&pop shop can compare to Bobby Q's.

I ordered take out but their little after dinner doughnuts were a nice twist to bbq.  And the cornbread was certainly better than average.  My favorite part comes when we speak of the macaroni&cheese.  Who and how in the world did someone in Phoenix learn how to make mac n cheese like this ?!  I was skeptical when I looked at it because it was an off-white color.  But it was creamy and full of rich flavor.  I ordered the smoasted chicken and drizzled some of that bbq sauce on it.  It was well cooked and the bbq sauce was high quality with a little zip and long lasting good after taste.  Strongly recommed the sauce (on the smoasted chicken) and mac n cheese. 

Your mouth will water when we talk about the peach cobbler.  It's not the best I've had (3 places I've tried around the world have been better) but it's a B+++++.  The crust is almost candied and melts in your mouth.  The flavor is NOT too sweet or powerful to the point where you can only eat a few bites.  It was well put together.

To top it off, the person who answered the phone and took my order (and my money) had her customer service skills in high gear.  She made me want to return because I felt like I was being taken care of.  Big smile, plenty of suggestions on whether I wanted her to include an extra cornbread or a couple extra doughnuts....at no charge.  Very accomodating so I had no problem living her a nice sized tip.  She made the experience enjoyable and I will be back time and time again!!!"
"My boyfriend and I came here for his birthday (also our first time) and all I can say is- WOW!

We got there pretty much when they opened and were seated right away. Our waitress came and told us the history of the place since it was our first time. Our waitress was quick, attentive, and very kind. If only more places had waitresses like her.

We started off with an appetizer of the Q-Rolls (suggested by our waitress). They were so tender and the dipping sauces were so good. Best BBQ sauce I ever had.

We ordered our lunch. My boyfriend had their smokehouse burger with shoestring fries and I had the slices BBQ prime beef brisket sandwich with Mac and cheese. The brisket was so tender and the Mac and cheese was really good. I had a bite of my boyfriend's burger and that was the best burger I've ever had- and I'm not a big burger person. Before we left, our waitress gave us their homemade sugar donuts which are soooo delicious.

The atmosphere inside and out is great and the staff are really friendly. The manager came around and made sure everyone was doing okay which I think is a nice touch. This place is pretty pricey but it is so worth it. We'll definitely come back but probably for special occasions on"
"Great decor and ambiance. It was our first time eating here. Service was great! The food was pretty good, although the meat plate I ordered seemed to be overpriced for the portion size in relation to many other BBQ places around town. Overall good experience."
If your coming to Phoenix you must eat here and be sure to ask for Amanda she is the best waitress in the place
"After the reviews I expected the BBQ to be significantly better than a Rudy's but found it to be about on par (good, not great).  My biggest disapointment was that the meats all came out cold.  Additionally, even though we had a reservation we still had to wait 10-15 mins for our table.  The waiter, however, was excellent.  He was very knowledgable about the menu and made sure we all had full beverages throughout the night.  So if you're in the area it's fine but it's not worth making a special trip for."
"My first time trying Bobby Q but an excellent experience! The wait was expected to be 35-45 minutes but was actually less than 10. Our server Ginny was the best! Just when you needed a refill she was already there with it ready, didn't even have to ask. I had the steak sandwich which was great. It came out perfect! The only misleading part was it said grilled onions and came with shoestring fried onions but nevertheless they were tasty. My friend had the baby back ribs and the serving was huge compared to other places! I think this is definitely a must try if you're close and in the mood for BBQ. They even give complementary little doughnuts!"
"Mesa location - We sat at the bar & service was excellent. We had 2-3 waiters helping us at all times offering suggestions (which were all great). Beer selections are outstanding   Best deal on the menu is the $49 platter, shared by 2 but could feed 3-4 easily (took lots home). Loved the flavor on the meats & BBQ sauces. Visiting from HI & will be bringing friends back. Thoroughly enjoyed the food & service."
The prime rib was awesome. The wait staff was very friendly and professional. I will visit again when I'm back in the city.
"I'm not a huge BBQ fan, but I can go for a stack of ribs every now and then (especially if it's from a highly recommended location).

The venue is fairly large and was very busy when we arrived. The parking lot itself was %70-80 full on a Friday night. Luckily for our group, I had already made reservations. 

The restaurant has a rustic, western feel; it's casual as well. Service was spot on - fast and friendly. 

Started the evening with the fried Calamari. What's different about this calamari, compared to most, is that their pieces are large (think chicken tenders), but don't be intimidated. It's cooked perfectly so it's not too chewy and has a great texture. The panko breading puts it over the top with the extra crunch factor it's has.

As a group, we got the house salad, soup of the day (potato cream soup), and the Whole Hog Heaven. Soup was very good - it has a thick consistency with bits of bacon and cheese but nothing special. The Whole Hog Heaven comes with corn bread which was one of my favorite part to the course. It's light soft on the inside, descent layer of crust on the outside, savory and not too sweet. The beef ribs were BOMB! The baby ribs were good as well, but not my favorite or the best (kind of wish I had tried the the St. Louis instead of the baby backs). Sausages were good; if they were spicy, it would have been amazing. The brisket were one of my favorites, but they were not consistent in texture (some pieces were slightly dry while most pieces were melt-in-your-mouth delicious). Our sides consisted of the mac & cheese, shoestring fries, and ranch beans. All of the sides were good but nothing unique. The ranch beans were my favorite of the 3."
"We noticed that Yelp had given this place high reviews so decided to try it as my birthday dinner choice because I wanted to try something new.  When we arrived I expected to find a small dinner that served BBQ but the atmosphere was outstanding.  The place was packed which was a good indicator of the food.  When we ordered, our waiter, Bryce, was exceptional.  He was very knowledgeable about both the food and the cocktails and gave great suggestions.  He was very busy but stopped by to check on us often and went above and beyond as far as taking care of our table with a great attitude (how refreshing).  They way he described the food had me wanting to try everything. The food-the food-oh my goodness.  It was amazing.  We ordered the whole hog so we could try different items since it was our first time there and the three of us were not able to finish it.  Every time we took a bite we were like you got to try this it is amazing.  Everything became our favorite.  Bryce told us it would fall off of the bone and it did.  We had a hard time getting the meat to our plate because it was indeed so tender it fell apart.  We were completely stuffed but had to try the doughnuts.  Again, another favorite.  I am so happy we have found a new place to eat and will definitely be going back for atmosphere, food, and service.  Thanks Bryce for taking care of us."
Great food not the best service but food out weighs the service. However I will be back and hopefully next time service will be better
"We always love this place. Eat the qrolls! They will change your life! We ate outside under the covered patio and thoroughly enjoyed our meal, our service and the atmosphere. Can't wait to come back and try the chimichuri shrimp!"
"Loved this place - of course, another great find from Yelp! 

We were in the area, and headed on in due to great reviews. Can I just say - holy cow giant drinks! We ordered our drinks and they came out in fun ""glasses."" And when I say glasses, I mean his was a ginormous martini style glass and my so-called glass was a cut out pineapple. The people at the table next to us on the patio were like...um, what did you two order?? We had no answers for them other than...awesomeness apparently! I've had some small martinis for $10 before...so this was just...whoa.

I had the pulled pork and mac and cheese. I will admit that the pulled pork was a bit dry, but a little extra BBQ sauce and that's an easy fix. Plus the BBQ sauce was delicious, so it gave me an excuse to use more! Win. 

The mac and cheese was, for lack of a better word, luscious. Creamy, cheesy and everything good southern style comfort food mac and cheese should be.

The real winner here for me was hands down the cornbread though. I'm a huge cornbread fanatic, and theirs was true southern to the core. Well done Bobbby Q, well done.

Overall: A+
Some good southern BBQ with great sauce and great sides. And...the drinks..I mean seriously...the drinks!"
"Came here thanks to Yelp! 3 words Lemonade Cornbread & BBQ..our waitress was amazing super friendly! All the food we ordered was fantastic. The lemonade was so satisfying best lemonade we've had in a long time! The cornbread is the best I've ever gotten eating out, and the BBQ did not disappoint! Definitely a must try and if we come back to this area we will be coming back to Bobby Q!"
Met friends visiting from Chicago. Our 3rd time here. Amazing food and fabulous service!!  Our server Sharlie was great!!  She deserves 5 stars!!  The to go donuts are the best!!
"Why write a review when this place has so many friggin' reviews that average 4.5 stars.  I will just add on to the stardom!

I love the hog heaven, extra bbq sauce, the spicy bbq sauce, the corn bread, and the little friggin' donuts they give you when you leave.  Yes, you heard that right, little tiny deep fried goodness to make you love this place even more.

We will see you again, Bobby Q!"
"Keaton and Bryce made for a great dining experience! Excellent food, excellent service. Highly recommend!"
Bobby Q's Food is absolutely delicious! The Mac N cheese is soo good and the prime rid sandwich was awesome!  The restaurant has a very comfortable environment and the service is wonderful. Our bartender Ciara did an amazing job taking care of us and had perfect recommendations on what to eat and drink...she's awesome!
"Oh my gosh - the best restaurant in Maricopa County!  Start with the QRoll appetizer (melt in your mouth brisket in a perfectly fried egg roll wrapper.) For entrees, at least one of your party must have the Southern Fried Chicken Breast with gravy. I wish I could fry chicken like this!  Someone should also try the brisket and the ribs, etc etc etc. For sides, don't miss the Pecan Cole Slaw and the Mac and Cheese.  You can't go wrong at this place My out-of-state relatives beg to go here when they visit!"
"I absolutely love Bobby Q! I've been to Phoenix twice to visit my brother and both times, we've paid a visit here! Their outdoor seating is so cute, especially in the evening when they turn on the light fixtures. What I love is that you can come here for a casual lunch with a friend, come in for a meal with a group/family or for a casual dinner date with your beau. Most dress casual, others put on a cute dress if they're in the mood. Do you! 

They're also extremely accommodating. On my second visit, we squeezed in a quick dinner before my flight. We were really TIGHT on time on a Friday night and when we arrived, we needed a table for six [ugh, we're jerks for showing up expecting a table, I know]. Anyways, there was a long list but my brother finagled a little bit and we managed to get seated in within 15 minutes. 

There are several items on the menu that I think are worth your money:
- Spinach Artichoke Queso Dip: YUM!!! My brother and I are crazy about this dip. It comes with some damn good garlic toast. Definitely one of my favorite appetizers ever. 
- Baby Back Ribs: Can't go wrong with their Baby Backs! They fall right off the bone. *DROOLS*
- Two Meat or Three Meat Combos: This allows you to pick from a variety of options including beef ribs, baby backs, St. Louis, Brisket, Pork, and more! 

Can't forget to mention that all of their BBQ platters come with your choice of two sides, sauces and cornbread! 

Can't wait to be back in Phoenix so I can have another meal here!"
Great atmosphere and have always had a pleasant experience with staff. Food is AMAZING!
"Fantastic service all the way around. From the drinks that we had at the bar before dinner, our waitresses (sarina) service at our table, to even the manager giving us a sample of their amazing mac & cheese.

We will absolutely be back again."
"Okay, I am stingy with my stars.  This place really deserves all five.  Don't let the long wait discourage you.  We almost did and are so glad we didn't!  We were quoted a 2 hour wait time (with three little boys in tow) and actually ended up being seated within 45 minutes.  We were starving, so we ordered an appetizer and two huge platters (three meat and Hogs Heaven).  Whoa, it was waaaay too much food for all five of us (the kids ate off of our plates and they are big eaters). The portions are pretty darn generous, not to mention they give baskets of the best tasting cornbread I have ever tasted before your meal ever comes.  Our baby back ribs were moist and tender, and I am pretty sure that I ate the best brisket of my life.  The service was great!  Even though they were crazy busy, our server was very attentive.  A lady that seemed to be the manager also checked on us a couple times and brought us the delicious complimentary donuts at the end of or meal.  We will definitely return the next time we are in town.  Thanks for a great meal!"
"Since there have been so many reviews of Bobby Q, I'll just quickly review our experience with food and service. See pictures too.

Hot wings: very juicy (good quality chicken). Wifey thought the sauce was a bit ""different"" (i.e., not true buffalo authentic), but she enjoyed them nonetheless. They were a bit spicy, but not so hot that you finish your beer in 5 seconds (more like 30 seconds, but I digress) The veggie were also good, if you're into that sort of thing..

Pull Pork Sandwich: the pork itself was excellent. Big chunks of meat (not shredded), which was very tender. They serve it with a little BBQ sauce (but you can supplement), a pickle on the side, and a side of your choice. The bun, however, was very buttered - too much for my taste, and slightly burnt. I would probably tell them to hold the bun next time (or the butter!)

Baby-back ribs: I really wanted to like these since they looked so good (and fall-off-the-bone tender). However, they were VERY smoky - perhaps it was just the sauce, but it was definitely a detraction for me. I routinely go to the south for BBQ (so my expectations may be high) but I would pass on these in the future. Wifey also thought they were very salty, but she tends to be more sensitive to that than me.

Shoe-string french fries: as good as they sound. Very tasty, super thin, and salty. Would definitely get these again.

Service: very attentive and friendly. In addition to our main server, we had 2 other staff check up on us (as part of their routine), but it was not intrusive at all.

Beer on tap: went with the Bobby Q brown ale and later a Kiltlifter. The Bobby Q was a bit too nutty - definitely going with the Kiltlifter next time!"
"Best BBQ I've had or should I say ""bobby q"" clever name. And I'm from LA California so I know good food lol . Well I went on a Sunday and was going to be seated immediately but wanted a booth so I had to wait about 20 minutes. For me and my gf we got the $50 plate that included 2 types of ribs 3 types of meats and 3 sides all for $50 it was enough and we took half home lol totally worth it, the service was good they gave us free sugar donuts! Yes winning! They were also amazing. The baby back ribs were my favorite when you pick up the rib the meat would slide off that's how tender they are, i believe they are cooked 24 hours or something like . I totally recommend! Wish there was one in California!"
"We went to Bobby Q's yesterday and had the family fest (offered on Sunday only).  The meal was absolutely delicious.  The fest consisted of ribs, pulled pork, chicken and brisket along with two sides.  We could not believe the amount of food and the value.  Our waiter, Mario was great!!  We will definitely be going back to Bobby Q's!!!"
"a little expensive but great food, great patio!
servers were friendly and service was fast!
we'll be back
r"
"It may be impossible to find good pit bar-b-q outside of Texas.  I'm still hoping, but have not found it yet.  Fair warning, I'm hard to please when it comes to bar-b-q'd brisket.  In Southern Texas, the pit master starts cooking at 10PM to have meats ready for lunch the next day.

I've heard a lot of good things about Bobby Q from family members.  Was able to stop for a Saturday lunch today.  Ordered the two meat platter with cole slaw and potato salad.  

Nice attentive waitress brought out some cornbread muffins.  I grind my own corn meal and cook buttermilk cornbread in a cast iron pan I've had for twenty years.  Tough to compete with my cornbread.  These muffins have blenderized corn kernels to give them a little flavor.  They were the classic sweet cornbread.  Sweet with a little bit of canned corn taste.  Oh well, I came for the bar-b-q.  

Sliced brisket and sausage was served on a platter with sides in small bowels.  Oh no!  There was sauce drizzled on the brisket and sausage.  It's almost heresy to put sauce on good bar-b-q.  Definitely an insult to the pit master.  

The prime brisket was very tender.  Brisket is a tough cut of meat that has to be gently cooked for a long time to coax out the tenderness and flavor.  Even then it has to be cut across the grain to be tender.  These thick slices were amazingly tender.  There was no smoke ring.  Tender bland brisket.  The sauce was the star of this plate.  Crash and burn.  

The sausage had grill marks on the sliced sides.  Reheating on the grill did not help the flavor.  It was a little spicy, but had very little flavor from smoking.   Again, the flavor was from the sauce that covered it.

Cole slaw had chopped pecans on top.  Nice touch as I love pecans.   If the pecans were browned in a little butter, it would have helped a lot.  Otherwise, pretty plain cole slaw.  OK, but not special.

I've had awesome potato salad.  This Bobby Q's version was OK.   Good, but not anything to write home about.  

So, I continue to be a disappointed Texan.  Guess I'll have to invest in a smoker.  

Go to Bobby Q's for good service, quality tender meat, and good bar-b-q sauce in a nice atmosphere."
"This is my all time favorite restaurant of all times. If I were on death row, my last meal would be from here. If I were ever going to get married, I would  have them cater for me. I never went to Bobby McGees unfortunately, but I have been eating at Bobby Qs since it became Bobby Qs. I have never had a bad meal, nor have I seen anyone else not enjoy their meal. I have never had bad service, or even mediocre service. The food and service have always been excellent, above average, wonderful. 
I can't say how many times I have been here over the past many years. I used to go at least once a month as it was me and someones date restaurant for a long time. Every time someone visits from out of town, I bring them there. They always request to go back when they are visiting again. I've brought dates to this place, they have always loved it. When I talk to someone else about Bobby Qs, and they've had it in the past, they always say they love it too. I even met someone from out of town that said they go all over the country to eat BBQ and Bobby Qs had their favorite ribs of anywhere they've ever been to!  I've been to going away parties, birthday parties, tons of stuff, and I've still never met anyone to complain about this place. 
The only complaints I've ever heard is of the club. Who cares about the club? This is about the restaurant, the food, the service. Not some dance club where some teeny bopper got in a fight with her boyfriend so they had a bad night so they are going to complain about Bobby Qs. Come on now! 
Try the amazing, phenomenal food that Bobby Qs is!! The cornbread is great, the nice donuts they give you as you're leaving are delicious and the spicy bbq sauce is my favorite. I like that they sell their bbq sauce so I can have it at home too! It feels comfortable inside as well, the decor is nice. The outside patio is a great spot when the weather is nice. My dad lives 1800 miles away and is always asking me if I've eaten there recently and to take pictures of the outside water chains so he can replicate that at his house."
"I took a group of 7 here. They were really busy but there was a lot of people working. We hung out at the bar and had a drink while we waited. I liked this set-up since we were already starting to drink before we even sat down. Lots of great restaurants have this feature but most places in Phoenix are missing out on this. 

Everyone got something different but it was all good. We will be back."
"First visit here as I was looking for a decent BBQ experience.   I have to say this was far better than entry level decent!   The food exceeded my expectations as did the wonderful service provided by Leigh Ann (sp) I highly recommended ""The Whole Hog"", a varietal feast for two!  The baby back ribs melted off the bone!  Mac & Cheese tasty as was the seasoned roasted corn. This place is worthy of future visits with more friends in tow!"
Amazing food and great service. Had to only give it 4 stars because it is too expensive and the portion sizes are pretty small for the price you pay.
Great staff and best BBQ. We have business meetings here often. Always greeted with a smile. We like to go here on the weekends. Wait time is not long. Highly recommended.
Our family has loved Bobby Q ever since we moved here from Tennessee. The food and the service are great and the atmosphere is something you don't always find in AZ. We love it! Best fried chicken and BBQ in AZ.
"What a great BBQ dinner. We ordered the Hog Heaven and bread with queso dip, and both were spot on. The Hog heaven was enough for 3-4 people and with just the 2 of us, we ended up taking a lot of leftovers and enjoyed them a lot for the next few days. The grilled corn, coleslaw and mac and cheese went perfect with the BBQ. I liked the memphis more than the baby back (they were a bit on the dry side), and the chicken was super juicy. The surprise package was the sausage which my wife absolutely loved (she is not much of a sausage fan - so that says a lot). 

Definitely recommended if you're a local or visiting from out of town."
"My husband and I were in the Phoenix area for a few days and picked this restaurant based on the excellent reviews. Having eaten there I can say that the high rating is very well deserved. The meat was tender and flavorful and the sides were excellent. All too often the side dishes are afterthoughts, but Bobby Q takes just as much care with the side dishes resulting in a mask where every single bite is delicious."
Just ate here today and this place is great! The brisket is delicious and moist and the ribs are a smokey fall off the bone delight. I strongly suggest the Q-roll appetizer to start and the corn bread is off the chain. I had potato salad and its eh average. The mac and cheese is freakin awesome as well. All in all as a bbq lover this place is in my top 3 bbq places in phoenix. Somewhat pricey but you definitely wont be dissapointed.
"Went to Phoenix on business and I wanted to take an associate out for lunch. He always talks about how much he loves BBQ ribs so I did a search on Yelp and decided on Bobby Q. They did not disappoint. Not only was the entire meal one of the best BBQ I ever had, but they took 10% of the bill for mentioning Yelp. How cool is that? Great place, great waitresses and phenomenal ribs and sides..."
Very very good.  Will be coming back.  Delicious food. A definite place to eat. Sarina is great.  She's makes sure that you're attended to. Very knowledgeable.
"The best BBQ I ever had!!!!!
Ordered st. Louis ribs, baby back ribs and sausages.  The meat just super juicy and tender and fall right off the bone! Can't  get enough of that! I normaly love the ribs without bbq sauce, but their bbq sauce, Omg, adds sooo much flavor and nothing is too overpowering, the falvors are totally balanced, perfection!

For sides we ordered coleslaw(sooo good! Still thinking about that flavor mmm...),

potato salad(I prefer sweet potato  salad, but this one is great beacuse it will balance out the sweetness from the bbq), 

corn(love this one as well, the smoking flavor is soooo addictive!) 

and baked beans(loves their bbq sauce! Need I say more?)

Be sure to checkout this place when you in Phoenix!!!"
Went to BObby q for a birthday gathering recently. We were a party of 6. I was the only one who had been before. Everyone was impressed with the place. The service was outstanding. I appreciate the fact that we were really able to relax and our server paid attention to detail. Food was great. Will be back.
One of the best ribs and brisket I had. The rib meat could have fallen right off but it was just right- juicy and flavorful . The brisket was flavorful but could have been less dry. Overall top 3 ( I've been to a couple in Austin and Houston) and this one made it on that list. The meal comes w one side ( Mac and cheese- a little too cheesy for me tbh) and corn bread (could be warm. Order the sweet tea and call it a day!
"I went here with a large group for a friend's birthday. This place is great for large groups! The atmosphere is casual with slightly higher-than-normal ambient noise/sound level. Dishes are large and can be shared. 

Cornbread is served prior to appetizers and entries are brought out. The bread is fresh baked, but in my opinion, slightly dry. It's okay if you're using butter though. I had the Smoked Sliced Beef Brisket with Mac & Cheese and Shoestring Fries for my two side dishes. The brisket was probably one of the best I've ever had. Piping hot, super juicy, and tender (fell apart on my fork as I was picking it up)... With just enough sauce so that the meat wasn't swimming. I liked how they served both mild and hot bbq sauces on the side so you could have more sauce as needed and to the spice level you prefer. The Mac & Cheese was very creamy, but nothing extraordinary. It felt very heavy. The shoestring fries were your typical thinly cut fries that are crunchy, but could use a little more salt. Towards the end of the meal, ""donuts"" are given in brown lunch sacks. They resembled beignets in the shape of donut holes. These donuts were very sweet and oily, but had a nice crunchy outside and soft inside.

Over all, I was most excited about the brisket (next time I come back I'll definitely reorder this dish). The donuts were a nice surprise, but overly oily for my tastes. I would recommend a reservation, since when I went the restaurant seemed quite busy. Not too shabby for a bbq joint in the southwest!"
"We came here because I wanted to try something different. This place had very good reviews on Yelp so I thought I would give it a try and I'm glad I did. Bobby Q had really great food, service and an all around great experience."
"I came here for dinner with my family the other night and we had a nice time. I would definitely recommend making a reservation because they get SO busy especially on weekend nights. 

It is for sure likely going to be crowded and on the loud side, but it is a super fun environment. The restaurant is really big and it has a great Western theme. 

We were seated pretty quickly with our reservation. It definitely took awhile for us to be greeted and to get our first round of drinks. Our server mentioned that the bartender was really behind so that it might take awhile for our drinks. I felt bad for the bartender and it seemed like they should have had another bartender helping. They had also run out of many of their gins because it was the end of the month, but I felt like that shouldn't be an issue. However, their cocktails were tasty. 

Regardless, our server was super nice and friendly. She was very good and attentive in the beginning and then towards the end it was difficult to track her down for awhile. I think she had a really big party that she was taking care of. 

For starters, we started off with the recommended Q-rolls stuffed with brisket and served with chipotle sauce. These were delicious! They were crispy, not oily, and the brisket inside was tender and flavorful. 

For my entree, I got the fried chicken, with a baked potato and mac n'cheese. The fried chicken was very good--crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The baked potato was good--not overly oily. The mac n' cheese was very good too, but reminded me a lot of stouffer's mac n' cheese, which isn't a bad thing--just reminded me of it. The prime rib that I tasted was also very good--tender and flavorful.

The prices were fair.

Overall, really fun and casual ambience, good food, fair prices and decent service."
"I just visited this establishment and it has been beyond amazing from the employees to the food! Even the sour cream  is A+. This may very well be the best barbecue restaurant I have ever eaten at. The service was also very quick but it didn't decrease the quality of any part of this experience! Christin was knowledgeable and all around a great server! 

10/10 would recommend to anyone. Even Vegans."
"My favorite BBQ in AZ! The staff is friendly and prompt with good humor. The food is amazing. Get the baby back ribs...best I've had. The cornbread has great texture and taste and I could eat it with my meal or for desert. The manager Deena was very personable and watchful that everyone had a great dinner. She even brought complimentary tiny donuts to try...yum! While in Scottsdale, I observed they will be opening a place on Camelback in August. Go...you'll love it."
"The food isn't overwhelming in portion size (I had lunch).  The taste was great bbq.  They could use a little flare in the sauce department in terms of variety.  The hot bbq sauce wasn't very hot.  

Price is reasonable and the service is good."
"The food is ok, but the service is terrible. I dined here with my family, when the clumsy waitress brought our food, she knocked ketchup over all over me and my shoes. She didn't even offer to provide a credit on the bill for the inconvenience. I took my clothes to cleaners and fortunately it came out. However, I took my $300 leather shoes to to get cleaned, and the oil from the ketchup and left a big stain in the leather. 

I called the restaurant to speak to a manager. No return call.
I drove back up to the restaurant to speak to a manager, a week later. She GM wasn't in, and the Asst. Manager said she has no authority to do anything. (Well why are you an Asst. Mngr). She said she would have the manager call me the next day. It's been 2 weeks and still no return call."
I am visiting from Los Angeles and my son wanted to eat here for his graduation celebration. We had the Baby Back Ribs and it was so good and tender. The meat fell off of the bones and their sweet potato fries were yummy! They also had delicious corn bread! The customer service was excellent with our waitress and the manager! I would definitely come back when I am in town!
"Shelley Sikora has to be one of Phoenix's most passionate restaurateurs. She has a remarkable history managing a restaurant empire and also has more than one published cookbook. She was one of 34 U.S. chefs chosen to appear in the 2006 IACP cookbook, ""For the Love of Food"". Her newest cookbook called ""Skinny Bread"", 100 Amazing Ways to make Flatbread. I'm looking forward to reading.

Bobby Q's serves up authentic dry rubbed meats cooked to perfection, and spicy sauces. Walking in, it feels very comfortable. The decor has always been outstanding for the past twenty years. The attentive service is solid.

I could rave about dinner but let me just say, this house is in the top 5 'best BBQ' In AZ. Want to be #1 on my list, let's have live Blues. And I almost forgot to mention the cornbread and donuts."
So I live 5 minutes away from here I drive by everyday to work so we finally decided to give it a go the food and service was excellent!  Will definitely be back!
"Excellent  bar b q great brisket , great corn bread atmosphere waiter. Loved the place will return
P.S. the donuts don't ask"
Excellent barbecue and friendly service. Enjoyed the ribs and brisket tacos for lunch. Not very crowded in middle of afternoon but still noisy due to a really loud group and a crying baby.
"So we went back last Friday for a birthday celebration and what can I say.....
OUTSTANDING!  This time our server was Alyissa (I hope I spelled that correctly).

Same experience, greeted right away and although we had to wait 15 minutes or so, it was enjoyable sitting outside during our wait.

Server was GREAT and the food was GREAT and the manager was GREAT!

I LOVE how the manager will visit to ask how things are and when she discovered the birthday boy LOVED the MAC AND CHEESE she brought him another serving with a candle in it!
The birthday boy mentioned to our server that the MAC AND CHEESE was the best he's ever had (this coming from a 14 yrs old mac and cheese expert) so being the FAB server she was, Alyissa brought him another cup full of mac and cheese!

You have to know that their mac and cheese is creamy and rich and the absolute BEST I have had in a restaurant.

Then they brought  the birthday boy a decedant to die for Chocolate brownie with ice cream and whipped cream for dessert, with 4 spoons! lol

This 14 yr old boy says this is the BEST restaurant he has ever been to and this young man has traveled all over the world and eaten at MANY restaurants since he was practically born!

From the mouth of babes! lol

This is a must try restaurant.... give it a try....and until you do.....

Bon Appetite'"
"THE BEST MAC AND CHEESE! The best everything and even the donuts they give you to go are amazing! A little pricey for some BBQ food but worth it, I just wish they'd give you a little more meat on the meat plates."
"The atmosphere is very nice, the service was great, the food was a mixed bag. There were three in the party. One had the pulled pork and one had the brisket. Both were very tender and tasty. The third member had the baby back ribs and was not very impressed. We ordered a mix of sides so we could taste several. The baked potato and roasted corn were also nothing impressive. The pecan cole slaw is just slaw with pecan bits on top. Nice flavor. The grilled veg was a nice mix and grilled till tender. The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese were yummy! One of us had the Bobby-Q amber ale. It was very good and served in a very frosty glass. Desserts were good but not outstanding. All in all, a nice place to eat with good food for typical prices. Would definitely go back again and try something else."
"Went on a Saturday with some friends, was a 2 hour wait to dine in (make a reservation!) But for take out once we ordered we got our food pretty dang quick, within 10-15 minutes. I got the Texas beef ribs with the pecan coleslaw and mac and cheese and the apple cobbler for desert. The ribs were really good, juicy and super flavorful. Coleslaw was tasty but not outstanding, the mac and cheese was amazing though. The desert was disappointing though unfortunately and just okay. Each order comes with cornbread that was hot and fresh and really tasty, just wish I had some cranberry sauce with it! Will definitely come back."
Great food and great service. Reasonable prices for the portion size. We was too stuffed for desserts. We will definitely be back.
"Great BBQ! Very tasty! I would definitely recommend this establishment to anyone that likes licking their fingers!!! 

There you go!"
I'm not a major fan of the ribs but I am not a huge fan of smokey flavored. If you are then you will love them. Everything else is amazing. Best Mac n cheese ever.
Good bbq. The coleslaw is delicious. The spicey sausage is not spice at all. But has a good taste
"Amazing! Must have the q-rolls and mac and cheese when you visit Bobby Qs! Don't forget the stretchy pants, big healthy portions of mouth watering dishes! Worth every penny!!!"
"****Check-in to receive 10% off your meal****

Came across this place when we were heading to the airport later that day. 

Our server suggested The Whole Hog Heaven for $51. It can definitely feed 4 people. The portions are pretty big. We had a hard time eating the chicken and all the side dishes because were were super full. 

For the sides, I suggest the Mac N Cheese. The Horsestring Fries and the vegetables were not good. The fries were super salty. We had to ask them to remake it, but it took so long after we finished our meats that we just told them to forget about bringing it out. The vegetables were unflavored and not good.

The ribs and the brisket were BOMB! The ribs were so tender and breaks off so easily!! Super delicious!! I would pass on the chicken and order something else. 

Service and management were super friendly. I liked how the server told us background of what this restaurant is and how long they cook their meats. He said they cook it 16 hours. (but if forgot which meat or is it all?? I'm not sure)."
"Bobby Q is one of my favorite places to go whenever I have family or friends new to Arizona. It has fantastic, flavorful, smoky BBQ options in a clean spacious dining area. With all the choices and sides, it has something for all lovers of BBQ. 

My favorite starter is the Q-Rolls; but who could resist a crispy eggroll stuff with their delicious and tender smoked brisket. And usually we order the Whole Hog Heaven, which really is a feast for everyone eating it. You get to pick two ribs, two meats, and three sides. You cannot go wrong with anything you chose. I usually get the baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, smoked sliced beef brisket, and smoked pulled pork with a side of sweet potato fries, pecan cole slaw, and mac & cheese. 

What I recommend:
-- Q-Rolls
-- Whole Hog Heaven
-- smoked sliced beef brisket
-- baby back ribs"
"I feel like I'm at a lost of words because of how amazing Bobby-Q is. 
My husband and I tend to be picky with any place we eat. Tonight Monday night only about a 25min wait for seating anywhere. Pretty glad we got the outdoor seating.

Vince was our waiter tonight and wow above and beyond with customer service along with Chris who is a manager.
They must really strive on customer service because man it shows they are all on top of everything here.
Ok so where to start we started with the apps of the BBQ beef chimichanga things omg our kids couldn't stop eating them. As for main course my hubby got a half rack of ribs with potato salad and veggies(veggies not so great not even cooked all the way), I got the grilled shrimp in a Chimichurri sauce with Mac and cheese and roasted corn... all of it was amazing and I would order that again, as for my kids they got a pizza and it was very tasty they said.
Best part was the desert the little mini donuts
Soo yes I would come back my kids even said they will only eat BBQ from here!!!!"
"Finding a good BBQ place in the Phoenix area is difficult but this may be the exception.  Very much enjoyed our meal, service was great during a busy lunch time.  The only problem I have with Bobby Q is the location.  We live and work in the east valley and seldom come this far north west so we don't come here often.  Someday maybe they'll put a location in the east and if so, I know this would be one of our regular places to eat."
I must say this BBQ restaurant is great. I just moved here from Cali and I was feeling sad because that means no homemade Que for the holiday. I looked this place up and I'm glad I visited. Great customer service and the food was all yummy!!!
"Awesome food, service and most of all.... a great atmosphere to enjoy with the family and or friends with.

You most try the brisket taquitos. There awesome. 

The drinks are on point and service from Rebecca our waitress was delightful and professional.

Management came by to greet us and to make sure everything is going well.  

This restaurant has been awarded many awards and it shows why.

Enjoy!!!"
"My office tends to go here often for lunch. I have gotten the fish all every  time i have been there. The fish is fabulous. It is a different type of batter than you usually get. The fries that come with it are the shoe string type and quite good. The table gets corn bread which is my favorite. I might just only eat the corn bread next time. 

On occasion, the wait staff has not been as prompt as I normally care for. I waited almost 15 minutes once for vinegar for the fish and chips. Sometimes they are slow to refill drinks. It is usually when it is a small party that I have had slower service."
"In my opinion, this restaurant has the best food in Phoenix. Everything tastes great. I wish they were located in a safer neighborhood so that people can go there for dinner. But other than that, this place is amazing!!! I go there at least once a month to get my favorite ""smokehouse burger"". This is by far the best burger in AZ. I love burgers in general and I have tried just about every place in phx but I have to say this smokehouse burger beats them all."
"Had a great time with friends and family. The food was absolutely excellent: tender and flavorful. The brisket is a must.
Stacey, our server, was wonderful.
I highly recommend this place."
Love the barbeque here!!!!! Everything here is great and always consistent!!! If you don't like anything else they serve great mini donuts (free)!!!!! I wish places in Iowa did this because as bad as the food is in my area I would die from just eating the mini donuts!!!!!
"Wow! What a fabulous dining experience! We tried a large sampling of menu items (7 kinds of meats, 6 sides, etc.) and all were scrumptious! Large servings + reasonable prices + great service + FINGER-LICKIN' GOOD FOOD = one amazing dinner. You've got to try Bobby Q if you've never been - and you'll be hooked for sure."
"Corny decorations aside, the food isn't that bad, but not necessarily great. there are about three or four things that are amazing, but seeing as i'm a recently converted vegetarian i haven't had most of  those in a while, the best meat option is by far the ribs. End of story. But the vegetarian options (i.e. fish) aren't really that great. Another Con- the food takes forever! As i mentioned before, the decor is extremely corny and makes it feel like a chain restaurant. Pros include fabulous service/waiters, free donuts, AMAZING sides, and the fact that i feel really popular in there because it is always packed. Overall its a fun place, but nothing special."
"If I'm ever in Arizona again, this place is a must to visit. Me and my fianc were visiting from Philly, and came across Bobby Q on our last day. The food was so good; especially the beef ribs (I already want to come back for the ribs lol!!). I wasn't crazy about the sides, but the meat alone makes up for everything. Cornbread is really good too. The service was excellent as well. I can't remember our server name, but he was awesome!! Great service. The manager also came out to greet customers, which was nice. Best food we had on our visit."
Service is good every time I have gone but honestly the food is average but nothing spectacular for me. I didn't have any of the ribs and when I did have a steak it tasted like I was chewing on rubber lol. But I love the Q rolls I would literally go there just to have Q rolls
Server Brodie was super nice and had great recommendations. He was professional and sweet. Food here is awesome and never going to look at BBQ in the Bay Area ever again. He provided excellent service and this place is solid.  The cornbread is bomb and I recommend to do 3 meats combo for St. Louis  and baby back ribs with briskets. Definitely would come back to visit.
"Great smoked meats and large portions. Pulled pork and baby back ribs were excellent. Cole slaw with pecans was also very good, not as sweet as I was expecting. Had the q rolls for appetizer, I did not like these. Brisket with sauce wrapped in a tortilla and fried. Like a taquitos and I don't like taquitos.
Sat night at 6 seemed to be their busiest time."
"Bobby Q's is BBQ-licious! Definitely lives up to its reputation (#4 restaurant in Phoenix). Just walking in was a culinary treat. Prices are quite reasonable. Decor has a fun log cabiny feel. Very friendly, knowledgeable, helpful staff. We split the pulled pork sandwich with mac & cheese and calamari appetizers (unfortunately for me, I wasn't all that hungry). They brought out cornbread and gave us cute Thank Qs doughnut holes for a treat. We also got their sweet tea. And everything, literally all of it was great- like I'd actually recommend every bit of it to anyone! Well done Bobby Q!!"
"Came with Family for a friend's mother's Birthday. Cameron and the staff were all so wonderful. Renny, the manager, came and checked on us while also offering a comic relief while waiting on out food. A wonderful experience."
"The Restarant ran ads for Super Bowl Sunday, a feast for 4 for takeout, I picked up the order around noon to avoid the crowds, got the order home and found the portions of meat was for 4 but both sides were very tiny and the  bar b sauce that I paid extra for was only half full, paid for a pint and got half pint for $6.  I had to run to grocery deli for more sides. The food was good. I don't mean to sound petty, but I drove 25 minutes each way, then to have the inconvience of the whole thing left a bad taste in my mouth for the place."
Dinner was so delicious at Bobby Q's. The Smoked Prime Rib was awesome! So much food and no room for dessert
"Very, very good everything from the meats, sauce,   corn, macaroni and cheese and last but not least the beans. We ordered take out through there catering dept. For 40 people. Seamless experience and our guests loved it all!! 
Thank you Bobbi Q"
"I ordered takeout here. I ordered the beef brisket dinner. It is absolutely the best barbecue I have ever tasted! I liked it so much, I am going back tomorrow for dinner. Absolutely a must visit whenever I'm in Phoenix."
"5 stars are meant for restaurants like these!!

I went to Buckeye, AZ for business and contacted my friend that goes to pharmacy school in AZ and told him ""I'm hungry. Where should I go"". Without hesitation he recommend me here!

I am really satisfied and happy he recommended me Bobby Q!

The brisket, baby back ribs and baked potato is AMAZING!

The staff is very friendly and the service is excellent!

I will definitely go back when I'm in Arizona!"
"We discovered Bobby Q because it was recently highly rated nationally in the NY Times. The ribs and brisket were tops of the night - we ordered the sample platter with two ribs, two meats and 3 sides. The St. Louis ribs and Baby Backs both were perfectly booked and bathed luxuriously in an excellent barbeque sauce - my wife with regular, me with the hot version. Very friendly service, and lots of happy people. Joe's in Gilbert and Bobby Q in Phoenix... two great reasons to live in the Valley of the BBQ Sun. Highly recommended!"
Awesome bbq and great service.   I went with a friend from work during lunch.  While it is a little hard to find (nothing a gps won't fix) the food is amazing!  I had the sampler.   Left very very happy. A must try for bbq fans out in AZ!
"I really enjoyed this restaurant! We went here for a group dinner and it was a bit loud and hard to hear everyone at the table, but the food was amazing! I thought the brisket was one of the best I've ever had, if not THE best. It was so juicy and tender and very flavorful. Also, the baby back ribs were also to die for. They give you corn bread to start that is super delicious and end with FRESH mini donuts that were just fried. I can't wait to go back!"
"We had a large party on Saturday night and were promptly seated when at least ten guests arrived.

I ordered the Firebird Rotisserie Chicken with potato salad and grilled vegetables on the side.  The chicken was perfectly cooked with moist breast and dark meat.  We also enjoyed their famous homemade cornbread.  My buddies went straight to the red meat, which I looked at with envy.

I definitely will return here."
"The bbq is slightly above average and their prices are handsome. It's really the ambiance, at night, on the patio that i go for. The wait staff is pleasant. I recommend it for a happy hour."
"This place is great!!! I ordered the brisket sandwich 11/10 it totally exceeded my expectations. My server was great, he was very attentive to my table and didn't miss anything. The food did take a long time to come out but I can confidently say it was worth the wait. Great place to eat at ranked in the top 30 bbq places in the country. Highly recommend."
"I'm used to only hearing of Bobby Q as a club not as a restaurant. 
I was quite surprised to see the other side! The hostess sat us quickly and were friendly. The server was great, attentive but not too invasive. I ordered the no Bobby Q rolls as an appetizer and wow I loved them! It tasted like a bbq mini chimichanga with a side of bbq sauce! For my entree I had the bbq pulled poke sandwich with shoe string fries and it was delicious! The service is great, our table was cleared as we finished our meals, our drinks refilled and had the manager come around and ask how our meals were! 
I can't wait to go back and try more! 
Great job to the kitchen and staff!"
One of my favorite resturants in Phoenix. Their baby back ribs are incredible way better than any ribs I've had in a long time dont get me wrong my step dad can cook the hell out of some ribs but this joint right here deserve all 5 stars plus more. Came here for a girls night and i very impressed from the atmosphere to the food...
Good barbeque.  the steak was not good.  i got prime rib it was all grisly and could not even chew it.  my husband did not care for his steak either.  we also got dessert.  No good either.  death by chocolate was terrible.  cobbler not very good either.  everthing was ice cream.  need to add some variety.
"I have to say that this is some of the best BBQ I have ever had! The price is very reasonable as well, especially for the amount of food you are given. The BF and I shared the ""Whole Hog"" platter. We finished it, but only because we're gluttons and don't believe in wasting food. It was enough for at least 3 people. The meat just fell off the bone and melted in your mouth. I also appreciate that it wasn't smothered in sauce. They give you the opportunity to actually taste the meat but give you extra sauce on the side if you want it. We had the mac and cheese - gooey and scrumptious and the corn - roasty. The cocktails were tasty and also reasonably priced. We were there on a Saturday night with a party of 14. I don't know if we had a reservation but we were seated pretty quickly. We could tell that they were busy and even though we were taking up a lot of precious space they never  made us feel rushed. The waitress was a doll! Being a large group we didn't all arrive at the same time, needed separate checks, and needed drinks at different times. She didn't miss a beat and everything was accurate on our bill. If you check in on Yelp you get 10% off that visit and you can register for their mailings on their website and they'll send you a coupon for a free onion block appetizer.  There is a club attached to the restaurant but it is pretty bizarro. I wouldn't recommend hanging out there after your dinner. It isn't a honky tonk but a CLUB club for the locals. It doesn't really fit with the restaurant but whatever more power to them using the space to make some money. Apparently every table in the club is sold out every Saturday night so good for them. I forgot the mention the donuts. If you are too full to eat them after your meal, as we were, take them with you! I sincerely regret not bringing them home to be eaten at a later time."
"We drive by Bobby Q's all the time, and comment how so and so said it's good - we should try it. Well, we finally did.  Long time Phoenicians will remember this as the old Bobby McGees with costumed, singing waiters.

It's a rustic-looking, galavanized tin building with lots of tangled plants growing around it under what is one of the last stands of eucalyptus trees in the valley; it's cool - makes you feel like you are some place else.

I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in.  I didn't know what to expect, and the decor is more elegant than I would have expected, yet with shabby chic touches.  Some tables have chairs on one side and banquettes on the other - something different.  It's very pretty.

The menu is pretty standard for a barbeque place.  I went straight for the baby backs (half-rack, $16.00), my favorite.  Hubs ordered two meats ($17, I think) pulled pork and beef brisket.  Our waitress was nice, but a little unpolished, very valley-girl, yet helpful and attentive.  She plopped a basket with two round pieces of cornbread and whipped butter on our table - delish cornbread.  Beer comes with a frozen glass - a nice touch. 

He ordered a wedge salad - generous helping of chunky blue cheese over ice berg lettuce with bacon and onion strings.  

Sides are standard - shoestring fries that aren't really shoestring, beans, mac and cheese, pecan coleslaw that we almost tried.  We both got the fries and beans. Beans have a little bit of meat in them, and a bit of zip, but are nothing outstanding.

The ribs, however, were superb.  I put my fork in between rib one and two and the first bone basically fell on to my plate.  I had to nibble the meat off only a couple of the bones - other than that it melted off the bone.  The flavor was perfect - the meat flavor comes through the not too sweet, not too tart, smoky sauce.  

Hubs thoroughly enjoyed his pork and beef as well.  The sides were so, so - we will try different ones next time.

We were too full for desert, but received two little - fritters or donuts (couldn't understand the valley-speak) in a paper bag to go.  Fished them out and ate them - little bits of heaven right there.

We will definitely be back for ribs.  It's a very pleasant, dressy casual restaurant and, a plus, it's on the west side!"
"Came back again and this time brought some friends to help us eat the Hog Heaven meal and we still had a ton of yummy left overs. Our waitress (I think her name was Megan, sorry I can't remember now) was super patient with us. She was always on top of things. Jason, the manager, came by and said hi to all the patrons. What a nice guy!  Look forward to coming back here again and again. Sign up for their newsletter!  I just got an offer for a free appetizer."
Great food and friendly staff. This was me and my friend's first time her and Christin made us feel very welcome and helped us pick out the best drinks and food on the menu. Thanks for being awesome Christin!!!
I don't have to write a long review to say that this is the best BBQ I've ever had!!! Even going out of state and trying other BBQ places...Bobby Qs is still #1.
This place is really good ao far I been here twice and the food and service has been awesome. I had a waiter named Ruby and she was extremely friendly and I also meet the General Manager who was running around greeting himself. Their pulled chicken and beef brisket was off the chain and their drinks was awesome. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone
"Before the food review, I need to praise our server, Edgar, who was efficient, adorable, and helpful.  The atmosphere is also really nice. The portions were adequate for the price.  Now.....

Good Q flavor is a fairly subjective thing.  That being said, well-cooked meat should be pretty objective.  The meats I had here, I wasn't real excited about.  

There's ""falling off the bone tender,"" and then there's mush.  I found ours to be of the mushy variety.  The mouth-feel was pretty weird.  We had the baby backs, pulled pork, and brisket.  There was not much outer crust, and that's what held what flavor the meat possessed.  Under that was lightly-flavored mush.  The baby backs had potential.......

Sides we had:  pecan coleslaw (""we ran out of pecans"") - I liked it because it wasn't of the sugary-sweet-and-gloppy southern variety, and I could actually taste the cabbage.....mac 'n' cheese - ton of very creamy sauce that was on the bland side.....beans - pretty good, and I'm not a fan of BBQ beans, usually.....roasted corn - very buttery.....corn bread - flat disks that were of the crumbly-and-not-too-sweet type, as opposed to the cake-disguised-as-cornbread kind a la Marie Callenders.

I might go back for a burger...some cornbread....some of the little doughnuts served gratis at the end of the meal.....maybe not........"
"The brisket and Mac and cheese..... YUM! They slow cook the brisket for, I believe, 18 hours and it's so incredibly tender and flavorful. The Mac and cheese also has  quite a few different cheeses... Including velveeta? YES PLEASE.
Personally, I think the cornbread is a little dry and the steak sandwich was just a huge disappointment. I really don't think that one slice of garlic bread and a hunk of steak makes a sandwich. And yes, it's ONE slice of garlic bread... I just don't see that as a sandwich.
The mashed potatoes are great, make sure you get extra gray cause that's the best part.
If you want something as an appetizer, happy hour is from 4-8 and their 50% off... The brisket quesadilla and spinach artichoke queso dip with garlic bread are the best ones on the menu if you ask me.
Give this place a shot, it's got great reviews for a reason. Just don't get the steak sandwich. Hahahah"
"Short and Sweet. 

Long wait on Sunday Night.  Make a reservation. Location on 27th packed. 

Fast and friendly service. 

Prices too high. $22 for 1/2 rack Back Back and $29 for full rack. $13 for BBQ sandwiches and hamburgers. 

Prime rib and Steaks way over priced for a BBQ restaurant. Drinks (alcohol) overpriced. If you don't mind paying MORE than go for it. Food is generous portions and GOOD but nothing special. 

Mini (free) sugar donuts after dinner are hot and tasty but watch the grease contained herein. All and All if you don't mind paying more and get lots of food and a loud dinning area then go for it."
"Every time I have been to Bobby Qs I have had a great experience. Our server ZAC was awesome, especially for it being his first week! Thanks for great food and great service!!"
"We arrived at around 8 on Saturday and waited around 20 minutes to be seated. It was pretty busy.

The wait allowed us to check out the menu before hand and we knew what we wanted before we sat down. Unfortunately they were out of baby back ribs so I had to opt for the St. Louis style. FALLING OFF THE BONE. They smoke that shiz for 18 long beautiful hours! We were all very happy with our meal and I only wish there was BBQ this good in LA.

Afterwards we all shared an order of peach cobbler and nearly fell asleep at the table from tasty overload. I haven't had cobbler that good since I was a kid and my godmother use to pick the fruit fresh from her trees.

I bookmarked this spot for our trip to AZ and completely forgot to mention Yelp for 10% off. I would be kicking myself harder if the food wasn't worth the price in full. I have to remove the one star for not having the baby back ribs."
"Great service, great drinks always at a good price music is cool.... but the main attraction.... THE TACOS!"
"Beer was delicious, spinach and artichoke queso AMAZING!! Ribs and pulled pork is the best around!! So satisfied! Definitely gunna be a regular spot from now on! Can't wait to go back and try more!"
The food is great and consistent.  Sometimes you go to a BBQ place and it's not the same...not the case here.  Food is great!
"Loved it great food, place and atmosphere perfect and non the less staff super friendly!"
"Shout out to Travis for making our first experience here a great one! The q rolls, cornbread, and spicy sausage were all delicious. My fam loved the st. Loius ribs and chicken but felt the brisket was a little dry. The food was pretty good but it is the excellent service that moved my 4 stars to 5."
Very friendly and quick service! Prime Rib was ON POINT!!! Definitely recommend this place any of you smoked BBQ lovin peeps!!
The ribs were to die for.  They fell off the bone and had a great BBQ sauce. BobbyQ's get my vote for the best BBQ around.
Great experience Julie was our server and was outstanding food was delicious kinda a oasis in the dessert. Can't wait to go back.
I was very satisfied with food and service. Their burgers are amazingly good. They served corn bread when we got seated and it was very good.
"Really I'd still say this place is 3 1/2 stars but since you can't do that on yelp, 4 stars it is.  Came back with some girlfriends.  Still not the best BBQ but not bad either.  As tender as the ribs are, they still don't have that great smoky bbq taste within the meat that makes bbq REAL bbq.  We got the hog heaven meal so we had the baby back ribs, st louis, pulled pork and chicken with the potato salad and pecan slaw sides.  THe pecan cole slaw was good.  
Roasted corn side was not quite what I expected as I thought it was just that.  It was roasted some but was more like small slivers of corn on the cob on top of a bunch of corn kernals.  But the sauce was tasty - probably pure butter.
We also got the fish fry special.  The fish I have to say was done pretty well.  It was a crispy batter so it wasn't overly soggy with oil.  The fish (cod) was pretty fresh tasting.
This time the cornbread wasn't as soft which I liked better.
Tried their banana pudding dessert.  It was different than what I was expecting.  The pudding was a lot thicker than I would have liked but still tasty.  The crust though was yummy.  It was a walnut-like crumble.  Very similar tasting to the inside of baklava.
Still have yet to try their peach cobbler.  Will next time."
"I have been here a few times and every time I come here I love the place. They have by far the most tender barbecue and great portions. I've never had a problem getting seating and the service is always been really good. Of course the hot donut holes on the way out our fantastic but I can only eat here on my dieting cheat days but it is definitely on the list of places to eat when I want to eat this kind of food. I really like the ambience as well. Another thing that's good is that the price points are where they should be so yours able to take big groups and family and their stuff for the family my kid is really picky and I like chicken fingers and he liked what they had

If there's any errors in this post it was done through Siri"
"Probably the best BBQ place I've ever eaten at and this includes Phil's BBQ in San Diego.

I ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and everything was perfect. Love the BBQ sauce, the ribs (even the beef) were fall-off-the-bone. The sides were great as well. Lots of food for the money.

Service was very friendly and even the manager was checking up on us.

The interior and exterior of the restaurant are also very nice."
Havent been here in years really strict on dress code basically if your a girl who doesnt wear heels and dresses dont go
"Bobby Q's has been one of my family's favorite places to eat on a saterday night. The food has the taste and richness that all love. Recommend the steak and crab legs entree with onion block appetizer. Love the service and the doughnuts were delicious! Also had a great waiter named Rashad, great server!"
Never EVER disappointed. Excellent service and food. Tonight was supper busy and so nice to see upper management helping in all areas including bussing tables.
"Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but it is pretty darn good.

Because it is not really obvious from the street, we overshot Bobby Q and had to do a turnaround in quite a sketchy strip mall a couple of blocks up. Half expecting a total dive we were pleasantly surprised to find the restaurant itself nicely appointed.

Before we even ordered our food a tasty basket of cornbread was brought to the table. We ordered a sampler plate containing 3 different meats - pulled pork, brisket and St. Louis ribs as well as a BBQ chicken sandwich. We couldn't decide on which sides to select but when our server brought us a sample of the mac & cheese to try our minds got made up in a hurry.

On the sampler plate the St. Louis ribs were terrific, the pulled pork was not too bad but the brisket was kind of dry. Fortunately the server had brought large containers of 2 types of BBQ sauce to our table so we were able to moisten the brisket with the sauce. The chicken on the sandwich was moist but I found the sauce a little too mild and sweet.

The service we received was friendly and attentive and the little doughnuts in the to-go bag was a nice touch.  Overall, worth a repeat visit if we are in the area. 3.5 stars."
"Barbecue at its finest. I wish this place was close to my house!! (In CA) We started with the ""Q Rolls"" and my party of 5 got the ""whole hog platter"" consisting of brisket, pulled pork, spare ribs, and babyback ribs w/ mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, and roasted corn. Meat was so tender it melted in my mouth. Flavors of EVERYTHING were amazing. The spicy bbq sauce was also amazing. Oh and the free delicious corn bread and mini doughnuts at the end of our meal was.... again AMAZING! I just want to live here. I still dream of the food. Wish I could give more stars. Oh also, Alicia (sp?) our waitress was spectacular and swift. She should be cloned. A must visit food place!!!!!"
"Came to one of my favorite place for dinner and got disappointed. They stop surviving my favorite drink 
No more shipwreck drink. . 
The rest is as good as usual . 
Got q- told for appetizer- love it. 
And ribs for dinner. Enjoyed it as always ."
"The service my family and I received (dining with five adults and two cranky little ones) was phenomenal! Our waitress couldn't have been nicer and the manager checked on us and made sure we were getting good food and good service. The food was great too and we thought it was a good value because we all shared the biggest barbecue platter (and the kids shared a kids meal, which was split for them and they were given extra fries) and it was more than enough food (we even took home some leftovers). GREAT experience all around: such a kind and lovely waitress plus delicious food!"
"Was in Phoenix visting from California, so we decided to check out Bobby Q restaurant since it was near our hotel (marriott). I was impressed by surprise.  I wasn't a big fan of the cornbread and my margarita but overall the food was good. Their Amble ale beer was good as well. Will return on my next visit"
"The BBQ is pretty darn good.  I had the 3 meat combo and the 2 standouts were the St. Louis Ribs and brisket.  Mac and cheese is a must for your side dish.   

Also, a big shout out to Chelsea for providing exceptional, enthusiastic service and for recommending the Q Rolls as an appetizer.  They were life changing."
"Bobby Q's has become one of our favorite happy hour spots! The patio has a really cool atmosphere, and the prices can't be beat! Most of the appetizers are $3.50, and the portions are huge! A big beer will run you $5 and under. My boyfriend and I went for happy hour, and our waitress, Tiffany was great. She knew all the specials, and didn't even judge us when we ordered half the menu for just 2 people. If you're looking for good food and a good happy hour in the area, look no further!"
First time here and have to saw when we are in town we will be back. Spencer our waiter was awesome. He was very friendly with speedy and attentive service. Spencer also helped us navigate to some delicious food. This place is a must try!! The manager came around and asked us how our meal was which was a plus. It's great to see management is involved in customer service. The food portions were great sizes for the prices. The meat was very juicy and the mac and cheese is the best.
"My reviews are pretty much good and some of the places I don't care for ; never really in between , so I apologize .  Bobby Q is AWESOME! My husband and I drive by when going to the airport and its always strikes curiosity .  My husband picked me up from the airport and we decided to give it ago.  The restaurant was much nicer than expected and cool atmosphere actually.  My husband had the bobby q burger which was yummy and the beer battered fries ...delish. I ordered brisket and baby back ribs with the intention to have leftovers, The brisket was perfectly cooked , so moist and flavorful. The Ribs ; perfect Smokey flavor and fork friendly.  If you ever questioned on whether you should check it out or not...JUST DO IT !"
Yummy Brisket!!!! I love the mac and cheese and the cornbread : ) Never had an issue with service either!
"Do you want great, smoky brisket, but to order off of laminated menus handed to you by impeccably polite servers? Do you want authentic ribs, but not want to get your hands dirty? Are you curious about BBQ, but aren't sure if it's still conceptually owned by Confederates?  Do you prefer your pork sandwich in a dimly lit museum-lodge instead of at a splintery wooden table outside? Do you wish you were at Hillstone? 

Then Bobby Q is the spot for you! It's giant, civilized, organized, sexy, and capable of hosting massive private parties! It has no trace of the down home, no frill, authentic, dirty, traditional BBQ sentiment I love. Bobby Q combines two culinary traditions (Southern barbecue meets steakhouse vibe) without much organic intersection, providing a nice way for the bourgeoisie to enjoy BBQ, sans flies/plastic cutlery. The food is good, but the hike in price for out-of-place frilliness? Call me a stickler, or a hick, or a hickler, but the glamification of this otherwise humbly glorious cuisine doesn't quite move me."
Corn bread and the ribs are awesome!! I agree with everyone here. The food are tasty. The customer service is even better. We went ahead and gave extra tip. The wait time on the weekend for high rating restaurant usually 1hr or more in bay area. I'm do happy that i do not have to wait. I got seated within 5 mins. Definitely will come back :D
This was the first time we visited Bobby-Q. What a wonderful place. The food and craft cocktails were very tasty. Our server Sarina was very attentive and delightful. You MUST visit this place you won't be disappointed!! Try and make a reservation if possible but it's still worth the wait without a reservation!
The closest thing to spending an entire day prepping and smoking the meat myself.... minus all the work. Great food at a very reasonable price. Our server (Cameron ) was on top of everything. We will be back even though we live over an hour away!
"The place was packed and the wait was about 45 minutes. Started with the calamari which was delicious. The corn bread and macaroni were amazing. The pork sandwich I had however, tasted like the meat had been sitting in water all day and was mushy with 0 texture. My wife had the brisket sandwich which was better, but again, the meat just tastes mushy and not tender. For the price, I would assume it would be higher quality. I'm sure there are other amazing items on the menu, but we were 0-2 on what we ordered."
"Great service and food. The complimentary cornbread is very warm and tasty. Manager Donnie was great and came over to make sure everything was great. Our waitress Tylor was wonderful. She brought us our beverages and kids meal right away. Brisket platter was very good. 
We also enjoyed the donuts for dessert. Everyone seems so happy and wanting to make sure the experience is great."
"First of all, kudos to Bobby Q's staff. Absolutely EVERYONE was super friendly and attentive. I was waited on in some way by at least 5 different members of their team, at least 1 of whom I believe was the manager. Everyone smiled and made eye contact, and they all seemed genuinely concerned that my needs were being met, and that I was getting what I wanted. I was immediately greeted with a smile when I walked in, and smiled at the entire time I was there. I really did experience 5 star service.

The ambiance was casual, rustic, and interesting in its own way. 

The bartender came right over (you guessed it - with a big smile) and when I indicated that I had not been in before, she immediately explained about the lunch menu and the various options in just enough detail. She left me to fill my drink order while I considered my choices. 

I decided on the Platter Sampler, which allowed me to choose three kinds of meat, a side and cornbread. I figured that this would give me a chance to check out more than 1 item. Of the sides, the roasted corn was the most appealing to my tastes. I also ordered their shoestring fries. I don't have the capacity to consume large amounts of food, but with that long a drive, I wanted to try lots of things, even if I couldn't finish them.

A few minutes later, I overheard a couple of gentlemen at the end of the bar ordering meatloaf. Wondering how I had overlooked that, I studied the menu some more, but didn't see meatloaf anywhere. When I asked, the bartender indicated that they periodically have off menu specials. Since I had come so far, I ordered the meatloaf (only $9.99) to go.

My food came out very quickly, and there was a lot of it. Portion sizes were generous. I had opted for a combination of Brisket, St. Louis Ribs, and Spicy Smoked Link Sausage. 

The roasted corn was not corn on the cob, although the dish was topped off with two slices from the end of a roasted ear of corn. The off the cob corn had kernels that looked like they had seen fire. The juice that the corn was in had a good solid smokey flavor to it. I had anticipated and would have preferred roasted corn on the cob. To my personal tastes, it wasn't great, but it also wasn't bad.

The shoestring fries were perfectly cooked, thinly cut, skin on, and nicely salted. It was a HUGE order that came out in a little pail. I could have made a whole lunch out of the fries alone! I hardly put a dent in them.

Turning to my platter of meat, I was somewhat disappointed overall. 

There were several slices of brisket. It was extremely moist, almost mushy as if it had been cooked in liquid, and there was no smoke ring. I've lived and eaten all over the country, including Texas and the Carolinas. I have had good smoked brisket, and this bore no resemblance. It was more like pot roast or meat you would find in stew, with no smokey flavor. In fact, the corn had more smokey flavor than my brisket. I would not order the brisket again because I think this must just be the way they have decided to prepare it. Maybe lots of people love it. Maybe they've never had better. I didn't like it.

The sliced link sausage was missing the usual coarse texture of sausage, with the textures of fat and lean. The mouth feel was as if it has been boiled, or in liquid at a sufficient heat to cook the fat out of it. That left the texture sort of like moist cardboard. The flavor coming through wasn't bad, but the effect was like nicely seasoned boiled cardboard. (It took me the entire drive home to figure out a truthful way to describe it.) Perhaps this batch had just been sitting in warm moisture too long. I'm going to go back and read through the reviews again to see if I'm the only one who experienced this.

The St. Louis Ribs saved the day for the meats. Except for being a bit fatty, and a general lack of smokey flavor, they weren't bad. Not great, but not bad.

The good news was my take-out meatloaf special. I swear my portion of meatloaf was nearly 2 pounds! It was also tasty! It wasn't what I expected as it had more pungently savory ingredients than I am accustomed to in meatloaf, including a degree of heat, although not excessive. It was topped with a generous portion of golden fried onions, and accompanied by a huge serving of skin on mashed red potatoes! The only downside for me was the gravy, which I am grateful came in a separate container on the side. I'm not a fan of tarragon or thyme or whatever it was loaded with. Lots of people at the bar were eating it, but I didn't notice whether or not they used/ate the gravy. Simply a matter of preference I guess.

Please consider this review with a grain of salt. I've traveled and eaten extensively, but I'm not a critic. I just know what I like. You may love what Bobby Q's has to offer. The only thing that I am really sold on is the wonderful customer service. I'll also throw in that they appear to have lots of regulars, and that lunch appeared to be a bustling affair with no lack of diners."
"This place is amazing. Better than Dillon, better than famous Dave's. The best barbeque."
Wow wow wow asked for a 3 rib combo and manager made it happen and that was after he took care of two apps since we were seated 15 mins late.  Totally unnecessary but very appreciated!  Kristin our server was unbelievable and Taylor the manger checked on us 5 times during dinner.  If I could give 10 stars I would.
Very good food! Great service! They have the BEST ribeye steak in town. They have Fleming's Steak House beat hands down. Much better steak & price. There appetizers and side are very good. I highly recommend this place!
"Amazing barbeque, wonderful warm atmosphere and one of the best eating experiences we have ever had. We were here two nights ago and ordered smoked sausage, brisket, shredded pork sandwiches and BBQ eggrolls. Every (literal) thing was delicious from the homemade pecan cole slaw to the light barbeque sauce (which acts as showcase for the food, rather than ""hiding"" behind the sauce at Bobby Q's). 

Our waitress Cristin took a real interest in telling us what special things the owner had collected and curated in his travels while developing his own barbeque style. The staff very much love working here and have a lot of respect for the food and for the patrons enjoying their food. They were so sweet and considerate to have given us beignets to bring home for our game night. 

We are from out of town but I cannot highly recommend Bobby Q's enough, and we will DEFINITELY be returning next time we are in Phoenix. Just a perfect place all around from the warm atmosphere to the stellar barbeque. And we lived in Memphis for many years and KNOW barbeque. Great job and keep up the good work."
Everything is great here. Food is wonderful and so is the service.  Great for special occasions too. And those fresh donuts are amazing.
"Started off with us asking where our waiter was...and after that, service was impeccable. The manager came to our table, apologized and comped us dessert. Our server was great with recommendations, came to our table often and again request was readily filled. Definitely decided this is our new dine in spot. Best bbq. Soft, succulent, savory meat. 

Side note. Got a doggie bag worth of treats on the way out. #NewFavoritePlace"
Best BBQ in Arizona.  The environment is great and they give everyone a bag of fresh donuts for dessert.
"Costs were acceptable even minus the reduction, but it did give me incentive to drive a bit further than I normally would for dinner. OH WHO AM I KIDDING, I was going to attempt this area anyways. I adore BBQ, and Bobby Q's does it right! My son discovered the sausage to be overly hot, but they did warn us when he purchased, so he ended up eating my meal and I took his. Extremely great things all around... BBQ beans were great, the cornbread was wonderful and did not fally to bits like it did at Thee Pitts Again, and service was spot on. Definitely worth a return trip!"
"My only time to the restaurant was a nice experience.  I loved, absolutely loved, the Q-rolls - they are the best!  The starff was super-friendly, and our server, Trisha, was just delightful and had great personality.  The only area lacking was the salad dressing ... I tried both their Caesar and 1000 dressing, and neither of them were tasty.  So, another order of Q-rolls!"
"Dinner was delicious, the hubby and I split the whole hog and everything was tender and yummy.  We had sausage, brisket, baby back ribs and St. Louis style and the sides were delicious as well, the Mac and chz, beans and fries, yum"
"Saw this place had great reviews on Yelp and we had worked up a good appetite during the day. When we arrived, the parking lot was massive, plenty of spaces to park. We came around lunch time so we were able to get seated right away. I can honestly say with full truthfulness that the pulled pork sandwich was one of the best I've ever had. The meat was so tender, it just melted in my mouth. The BBQ sauce on it had the perfect flavor to match the pork. The mac n cheese side and corn bread were pretty bomb too. Overall, I highly recommend this place-- our server was great, the atmosphere is very stimulating and comfortable. The manager even stopped by our table to thank us for coming in. I'll definitely be back!! Thank you!"
Never EVER disappointed. Excellent service and food. Tonight was supper busy and so nice to see upper management helping in all areas including bussing tables.
"Very very good bbq to be found here, in a nice setting.  Very good service by very nice people.  If I could, I'd give it 4.5 stars."
This was an amazing restaurant. Just moved to the Phoenix area and were told this place was an amazing bbq joint. Definitely lived up to the expectations. Would highly recommend. Plus our server Mitch was fantastic'!!! We will definitely be back!
"Found this gem on Yelp.  Amazing food, service, and atmosphere.  The restaurant smells delicious.  Highly recommend the Beef Brisket and St.Louis Ribs! CJ is a terrific server, very friendly."
Absolutely the best barbecue I've ever had!  Brought my father here on his visit from Texas and he agreed.  My husband had the beef brisket and I had the pork and coleslaw sandwich so we could try both and both were amazing!  Will have to make this a new favorite spot!
Had the salmon and a double order of vegetables. So very delicious. Great service too.
"I'm new to Phoenix from Michigan and was really craving some bbq ribs.  I started to go to Famous Dave's, but saw the good reviews on this restaurant and decided to go here instead.  I got the baby back ribs & St. Louis style ribs w/mac n cheese.  Everything was delicious!  The ribs were seasoned just right and it was literally falling off the bones.  It was much better than Famous Dave's ribs.  It is a little more expensive, but it's well worth it."
"This place does not need another 5-star review, but it is deserving. I've had Joe's BBQ in OKC and Pappy's in STL, but Bobby Q's is by far the best BBQ. Get the hog heaven to sample the goodies. The brisket is super tender. Mac n'cheese is too cheesy...eat sparingly. Got the bacon/mushroom burger after overhearing the waiter serving the adjacent table rave about it. Meh...It was just a burger. Stick with the ribs and brisket. Ask for both the mild and spicy BBQ sauces."
They had such amazing customer service. The food was amazing! They had bought the mac and cheese and when they placed it on the table it touched a little ketchup. They went a bought a new one out when they didn't need too! They have awesome dessert as well!
"We have NEVER have better BBQ food anywhere else!  The owner use to own the 
 Bobby Mc Gees franchise here in So Cal years ago. It was crazy busy for Mother's Day  but they found a space  us right away. We had Three Managers ask us ""how the meal was'?  Very impress. The Brisket was out of this world. A must..."
Ive been to the bar here and the restaurant one time. The restaurant serves fresh donuts they make there (great way to entertain the kids) and has good bbq food. I dont remember too much but from what I recall everything tasted fine. Good place to take families.
"Dinner was very exquisite, the wait was about 20 minutes. The cornbread was amazing and the meat was very tender. Lots of beer choices"
"Every trip to AZ for spring training we make this a must stop. The wait is always worth it. The first time we just walked up and the wait was about an hr. The second trip I tried to make reservations through the online but it will not accept reservations for 8 online, we just walked up and got a table in 15 mins on a Saturday. The food is always amazing, great flavors ample side dishes to choose from, my favorite are the ranch beans. The corn bread to start the meal is some of the best I've had and the mini donuts at the end of the meal remind me of going to the county fair and a kid."
"So I do really love this place, the management is excellent! The food is wonderful! But I have a hard time coming here when I would like to have a drink, because the drinks are way too high priced and you barely get anything for the money. So with that said, I still give it a thumbs up, just wish they would have a little more reasonable prices on drinks."
"Wow. First of all, the complimentary cornbread from the start was sublime. They don't just give you a lil slice per person. No. They bring you a lot and then ask you if you want more. Next, the PPS's (PULLED PORK SAMMY) we ordered came out hot, fresh, and ready. The meat was thicc but tender at the same time. I have never been so content with a PPS. Best in the valley. I tried some of Mary's mashed potatoes and I had an immediate verbal reaction: ""Flavor"". Then, to our surprise, Colton offered us even more cornbread. Of course, we accepted. AND THEN, Colton brought out the COMPLIMENTARY BAG of cinny sugar donuts (free of charge)! Colton was the best server in the west: treated us right, big smiles, and plenty of BBQ and fun. In conclusion, Mary and I thought that Bobby Q was so far the highlight of senior year."
"We've been here probably 4 times now and each time has been very pleasant, efficient and delicious!!!  The service has been spot on and the food was Delicious.  Today,we had the steak sandwiches and my wife and I were very impressed with them and our server (Lauren) was very friendly and she made our dining experience special.  We will definitely return soon!!!"
"We came to Bobby Q off of the recommendation of a friend and we were definitely not disappointed! The food was super good, the service was great, and the restaurant looked very clean and nice. 

We came at around 12pm and there wasn't a line, and we were seated at a large table. The waitresses were very nice, and brought us water once we sat down. We saw the fresh mini donuts being made near the front of the door and they kindly gave us some before our meal; the donuts were dusted with cinnamon sugar and they were delicious! The donuts were soft, warm, and perfectly fried. After the donuts, we decided on the Whole Hog, which was quite a lot of food for three girls. The whole hog came with St. Louis and Baby Back Ribs, three sides (which we ordered shoe string fries, mashed potatoes, and corn), BBQ chicken, and brisket, as well as cornbread. The cornbread was buttery and delicious, and it tasted great with the whipped butter. The bbq was honestly the best I have yet to have! The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender, and the meat had a good fat-to-meat ratio. Of the meats, my favorite was the smokey St. Louis ribs, which were less saucy and contained chewy tendons (if you're into that like I am). The mashed potatoes was also super buttery and smooth, and tasted almost like a dip. Also, the waitress brought two pitchers of BBQ sauce, one spicy and one original, so be prepared to drench all the meat in even more sauce. 

After the meal, the waitress was super kind and brought us another round of donuts! 

I would highly recommend this place if you're in Phoenix! The food was amazing, the staff was super friendly, and the sides and donuts make this place stand out."
"I had dinner with my nieces here last night.
I ordered the baby back ribs with fries and mac and cheese.
Food was fabulous ! Ribs were best ever with the perfect amount of tang and the meat just slipped off bones. My nieces cajun shrimp was spicy and delicious and her friends steak was perfectly done.
We shared an apple cobbler for dessert and WOW. Incredible
Mac and cheese was very rich but yummy and my iced tea was fresh and good.
Service was spectacular. Our server was Lindsey R and she was very attentive and lots of fun. Made the whole meal a great experience !
Cant wait to go back...oh its really cool atmosphere there also. 
Thank you Bobby Q's !!!"
"We had a big family dinner here Friday night (14 people) and had such a great experience!! The Q rolls are one of the yummiest things I've ever eaten; I had filet and my boyfriend had the ribs & various meat platter and it was all SO GOOD. I see why this restaurant has such great ratings, the fresh donuts at the end of the meal just top it off. We'll be back soon for sure"
"GREAT FOOD, GREAT PLACE, especially in the evening.  This is not for kids or babies, this is place for romance and dancing.  The staff is wonderful, enjoy the food, make sure you get their mac and cheese they won an award for it.  The salads, ribs
and everything is to die for."
"We were greeted by Victoria our server. She was very nice and knows the menu very well. She kept our drinks filled and was always available for questions.  The butter mix and cornbread was very tasty.  I tried the local amber beer and it was good. Next came the main corse baby back ribs and brisket. The meat was tender and melted in your mouth. The sides were pretty good and filled out the main course nicely. We wrapped it up with apple cobbler and vanilla ice cream. I enjoyed this experience from top to bottom.  Please, if ever in Phoenix and your hankering for BBQ, This is the place!"
Really enjoyed the BBQ. Good quality at decent prices. Our waitress was very friendly and fast. Only issue is that they were doing training for new staff so there were about 15 guys circling around us while we ate which was a bit distracting.
"Bobby Q is incredible! The service was amazing, the meat literally fell off the bone, and almost everything is made in house. Our server was awesome, even though it was busy we were very well taken care of. Truly on of the best in the U.S. Highly recommended."
"I've been to Bobby Q's 4 times now and always have gone at Happy Hour. Why? Because it has a nice little menu. Today, two of us ate 3 appetizers and the bill was $14.

This is my go-to spot for West Phoenix (I live in Chandler). Depending on your goal Bobby Q's has it - nice bar, nice restaurant, and nice club on the side.

Club: I've gone to the club twice now on Friday (not sure the hours). Earlier in the night it is rather interesting (in a good way). The way that I describe it as - someone brought in their iPod and put it on shuffle. They play country, hip-hop, rap, alternative, oldies, rock, and disco all in one sitting. This makes for an interesting dynamic as many people who want to dance to Toby Keith's ""I love this bar"" probably don't want to dance to the follow-up song of Soulja Boy's ""Kiss me through the phone.""

Except me of course - I stay and dance to whatever is playing.

With that said, the crowd is generally older. I was boogying down with a lady that was 70+ and having a ball. Later in the night (read: after 10pm) the crowd changes to an urban crowd and has a crowd that is complimentary to that music."
"Excellent barbecue!! My mother & I came here & loved it all. Pulled pork, fries, drinks. They gave cornbread to start & donuts to end. I recommend!"
"This place is a joke, or Yelp is!!  I drove all the way down from Anthem to eat on a Saturday night cause the yelp has they're hours posted as open till 11pm on Saturdays got there at 10:10 an was fold the kitchen closes at 10:00 on Saturdays. Even if its Yelps fault the management is still at fault for not updating or correcting hours."
Every time I go to Bobby Q's will get great food but the staff does seem a little detached like we're busy and really could you go away till another time also although the food is excellent it is also quite expensive so I would go back but I can only afford to do it once a year and I wish that I could find the perfect time where the staff isn't quite so upset that they have more customers
First time there tonight. Great quality food and attentive service. Definitely going back soon.
"Servers from other restaurants should come here and eat on their day off and take notes.  It's how service should be done.  5 star every time.

5 stars for cornbread.  mini doughnuts.  smokehouse burger!!"
"Celebrated my Moms birthday here. The staff was great. Taylor, the manager, was beyond helpful and welcoming. The food,  as always, was delicious. The atmosphere is relaxing even with the many people dining around you. 

BobbyQ's is the one restaurant that my family and I continue to return to. From company parties, to birthdays, to simple date nights, BobbyQ's shows us hospitality, a great dinner, and a good time."
Great service and excellent food. Waitstaff helpful in selecting portions and most popular items. We had ribs and brisket. The Q rolls (brisket served like an egg roll) are super.
"Went to Bobby Q tonight and really enjoyed it.  My partner and I started with house salads which were very fresh and tasty.  Then we shared the 3 meat sampler dinner and I am glad we shared, the portions are rather large.  Our dinner came with your choice of two sides.  We shared the baby back ribs, pulled pork and brisket; our sides were mac and cheese and beans. The cornbread and the doughnuts at the end were quite enjoyable.   Everything was delicious.  The great thing was that since we told them we were sharing, they split the dinner on two plates so we didn't have to do that at the table.  We decided to only eat half of our dinner so that we could order dessert.  The dessert was good but not anything really special.  We had the apple cobbler.  The menu said peach and I would have enjoyed that more.  It was good.  Overall our evening was very nice.  The service was amazing and the place has nice ambience.  We will definitely be back."
"I come to the Phoenix area twice a year and this is always the first place I go to eat. A little bit more fine dining then your regular BBQ place but the food is just as good. The brisket and pulled pork are my favorites of the meats that they offer. Don't forget to get the spicy BBQ sauce. One of the best things is getting the fresh made house donuts when your leaving. The staff is pretty awesome too. Look for Nathan's section, he's one of the best."
"Visiting from San Diego, I heard tons about this place being the best BBQ west of the Mississippi.  Grace was a great hostess and did all she could to make our wait easier.  Being with three young children, waiting can be tough.  Her kindness and caring was very nice and rare.  The night got better after she sat us with CJ.  Super cool guy who worked hard and helped us with our decisions. The food was great and I can't wait to come back to Phoenix. Keep up the good work!!"
This is our second time at Bobby Q.  We remembered the ribs were so good.  We have been looking forwards to coming back for two years.  Now we are here.  We know the food and services would not disappointed.  It took only a minute for our table to be ready.  Everything has been going well so far.
"I have been to a lot of great BBQ restaurants and unfortunately this was not one of them. Bobby Q was okay, but it was definitely not great. The food was mediocre, and the portions were small for a BBQ joint. In addition the service we received was not good. We had many lags in service throughout our meal, and part of our order was incorrect. I think there are probably better restaurants in the area than Bobby Q."
Good Food! Great Service! Awesome Atmosphere! Our server Sharli was GREAT! The Q-rolls were on point and the icing on the cake was the mini donuts to go. When in town stop by.
Amazing BBQ. Great Atmosphere. Friendly Service. What more can you ask for. We had the brisket rolls for an appetizer and the baby back ribs and sliced brisket for dinner. Loved everything that we ate.
"I would consider myself a pretty good judge of BBQ and Bobby Q was some of the best I've had.  The St. Louis ribs were fall off the bone tender and incredible.  Brisket, tender and flavorful.  Cornbread?  Scary addictive.  My only complaint would be that the Mac and Cheese tasted like it was out of a Kraft box.  Guess you gotta cut costs somewhere.

I think a good judge of who knows their shit on BBQ on yelp is whether someone like Joes Real BBQ or not, apologies if you think that place is good but it just isn't worthy of the praise it gets."
"Took our team here for Christmas party.  Love this place!  Great service, great food."
"Focus on quality of product delivered, not always timing to deliver! Half cooked and doughy pizza is not worth it.."
"I tried Bobby Q's on the reccomendation of Yelp.  You guys know your stuff and I do trust Yelp when it comes to searching out new places.  As I've said before, I am no bbq afficianado, I just know what I like.  It was a weeknight when we went so it was not super busy.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  I noted that there was a large bar area and thought that this place was probably a hoppin joint on a Friday or Saturday night.  

Our server was very pleasant and helpful.  I asked what she liked on the menu and she told me her favorite was the brisket but she recommended I try a combo.  I got brisket and ribs.  I started wih a salad which was tasty and fresh.  My meal arrived shortly after and our server was correct, the brisket was so tender it just melted in my mouth.  It had a nice flavor.  Now, on to the ribs....yet again, melt in your mouth, tender and flavorful.  My daughter was happy as a clam with her chicken strips.  So, why only three stars?  Well, I don't usually disclose things like this but about an hour after we got home, I made several trips to the comode.  I never have issues when I eat, ever.  Something did not sit right with me or something was not good.  Was it the salad?  Don't really know but it lasted for two days.   Suffice it to say that, if that happend to you, would you be leary to give a stellar review and go back soon after?  

Bobby Q's has a nice atmosphere, cozy and warm.  I loved the music that was playing......blues and old soul.  The service was great too.  The other issue that I had was the location.  If I did not have a GPS, I never would have found the place.  It's set back off the road and the signage is very small.  

Maybe I'll give it another try in a year or so.....when the two days on the comode is a faint memory."
"it was our first time here and let me tell you... UH-MAY-ZING!! christin was our server, she was very knowledgeable about the smoking methods and the different kinds of meat. she really helped us to narrow down a choice (so many delicious sounding items on the menu)! she was funny and very personable which made the dining experience that much more enjoyable.
the endless cornbread is TO DIE FOR. it comes out warm with butter, it melts in your mouth! the portions are huge so there's plenty to take home for round two."
"Seated immediately on a Saturday night, score! The side-by-side booths in the bar area are brilliant. They save room and both seats face the TV. Can't imagine why other restaurants never thought of this. 

Corn bread comes out first. Just the right amount of sweet and perfectly crisped edges, with a delightfully fluffy center. My only complaint is that we didn't receive more than one each! 

For our entree, we split the three meat combo (baby back ribs, brisket, pulled pork), which comes with any two sides (pecan cole slaw, mac n cheese). They split it between two plates without being asked, which was a nice little surprise. It didn't look like enough food for the both of us and we thought we may need to order an appetizer, but it ended up being just the right amount of food!

The cole slaw is refreshing and makes for a nice break between bites of the other ""heavy"" foods. Mac n cheese is both extremely cheesy and saucy, so if a ""drier"" mac is what you prefer, I'd skip this. Meats were all incredibly tender and weren't drowning in BBQ sauce, as some other reviewers had experienced. 

They finish you off with fresh donuts. Who even needs to order dessert!? They're like little cinnamon pillows. I thought I was too full for anything after dinner, but I finished off the donuts before we even made it back to the car. 

Five star experience from start to finish."
"Really good BBQ, but I just can't give it 5 stars because it is not my favorite BBQ spot in town. The service is always great, the smokehouse might be my favorite burger in town, you can't go wrong with the strawberry frosted lemonade, and the free donuts at the end of your meal is always a nice touch."
"Last time in Phoenix I just so happened to pass this place, turn around, and go in. Never heard of it before that point, but I cant wait to be back! The brisket was incredible and so was the service!"
"I had seen some of the reviews on this place and let me tell you, quit reading reviews. I loved this BBQ.  First let me say, I review all food places by there Mac and Cheese.   This alone was worth the 5 Stars.  The BBQ half chicken was so good, I couldn't stop eating it.  And the Baked Potato came loaded to the gills including BACON.   

The service was over the top. Fast, friendly and very respectful of the Veterans.  

I live in Las Vegas and this place is way better than any place up there."
"Visiting from out of town and yelp did not let us down here! Not what I was expecting for BBQ it was a million times better! Nice place, beautiful rustic decor, and amazing food! Talk about delicious food, you can't go wrong here! We had a variety of food at our table because there was 7 of us, and everything was a hit! We debated going back before we left out of town! It's a bit pricey but it's definitely a get what you pay for kinda place! Not to mention the service was right on point with everything, not to mention the delicious mini donuts that was a fun surprise for the kids! This is MUST try kind of place! Make sure you grab some appetizers I think that was my favorite part of my meal here!"
"We eat at Bobby Q almost every time when we're in town for spring training.  We've always had a great experience, but Saturday night was exceptional!  We had a group of 23, I made a reservation early, they had our table ready immediately and swiftly accommodated everyone.  Joel and Alex assisted us and didn't miss a beat!  Between appetizers, starters and the hog heaven, 8 of us left more than satisfied.  They split the check any way we wanted and Joel even reminded us of the yelp check-in, which we mentioned upon being seated.  Great experience with a big group, especially with children.  It's no wonder this place remains on our list of favorites!"
"First time visiting this location since it was a bobby mcgees back in the day.

Food was fine. I'm no BBQ aficionado, so my opinion on it isn't worth much. Portions were large- we ended up taking most of the food home and had two more meals with the leftovers. 

The five stars is for the service. We had a sizeable party - 8 people. There wasn't a hitch. Everything was done right and in a timely manner. Maybe some of the best service I've ever experienced. Management is doing something right."
"What a great first time experience here at Bobby Q! This place has a great atmosphere and we were able to be seated right away. Food came out fast and everything was delicious. Tonight I was able to try pulled pork, ribs, brisket, cornbread, and a beer that they only serve here. Too bad I was too full for dessert!! Customer service was fantastic--shoutout to our friendly waitress!"
Worth the extra miles to get here. The food are amazinglu delicious. The services were very friendly and fast. Definetaly recommended!
"I've been to many bbq places in Phoenix, and Bobby Q has had the best food by far. I try something new each time I come and I have yet to be dissapointed. But, it's not just the food that's amazing; the service is some of the best I've had as well. One server in particular, Rishad, has always been friendly and made sure that everyone at my table was taken care of."
"Went there with Co-Worker

Place was crowded so knew it had to be good.

Didn't take any pictures because everyone was enjoying there food.

Order the Egg Rolls/Onion Blossom as Appetizers  Excellent 

I had the Smoke Chicken with the Grill Vegetables Very Good.

Excellent Service & Very Friendly

Would go back again"
"I was honestly pretty hesitant on coming to Bobby Q for dinner because I had only heard of it being a night club. So when my cousin chose this spot for her birthday dinner I was a little bit skeptical. To my surprise it was a very nice casual dining setting and the food wasn't half bad! 

I ordered their 2 meat plate option that comes with 2 sides. I picked their rotisserie chicken and beef brisket along with Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. Everything was delicious! I even had some leftovers to take home. 

Afterwards we were given a bag of doughnuts!

I can see myself coming back!"
"Be sure to make reservations on yelp. This place gets super busy during spring training. We got hungry and went early and after 30+ min they got us a super nice booth. Found this place thanks to Mikey Chen on YouTube. Q rolls and corn bread were amazing. That could have been my meal!! We ordered way too much whole hog could have been enough for the 4 of us. Baby back ribs were good. Sausage and brisket great as well. Cole slaw has nuts on top (weird). It was way too much meat but great quality. Pace yourselves. Complimentary mini donuts at the end were yum!  Yelp check in gave us 10% off but a bit of a hassle since they have to ""ask the manager""."
"Lunch today at Bobby-Q. Service great, BBQ Chicken sandwich great, just didn't care for the string fries. They taste good just too dang hard to get them from the plate to your mouth -"
"Well worth the trip!! We shared the combination platter - pork ribs, brisket, and pork. Amazing!! Thanks to our server, Loralie!!!"
"Yaaaas Bobby Q's!! Christin was our server and she has been the BEST SERVER WE HAVE EVER HAD HERE!!! She went above and beyond. The food was on point! We ordered the whole Hog and Q-Rolls. Love it here!! Good vibes, great food!"
"Bobby q is the place to be for barbecue! I love the atmosphere of this restaurant, if there is availability and the weather is nice definitely sit outside by the waterfall and enjoy the scenery! Most times I get the brisket and my boyfriend gets the beefy ribs never had any complaints. Service is fast and friendly"
"We're back!  Bobby Q's is the next best thing to Dodgers Spring Training!  Still delicious, finger sticky licking good as ever!  We'll see you next year!
Great attentive service, always fabulously delicious baby back fall off the bones juice ribs, brisket and pulled pork."
"So I just recently moved to Phoenix from Indy and after a day of shopping a friend suggested that we go get some BBQ, I'm not one that usually seeks out BBQ so I gave her a meh, but went along anyway and I'm glad I did.

If I were a bride at the altar and I was told I could never have Bobby Q ever again if I married the man in front of him I'd have to think twice before saying those vows as I'd question the sanity and ill intent of the Benedict Arnold standing before me. In short THIS PLACE IS FRIGGEN AWESOME!!! 

I was able to get a 3 meat platter for $25.00 and stingy is not something that resides in this place's vocabulary. I got more on one plate than I could for $25.00 at the grocery store and when they sat the behemoth of a plate before me I was full before I took a bite. The meat slides off the bone so you will need a fork...and a bib...and a belt extender. The flavor was fantastic from the sauce, to the meat, to the macaroni, to the corn bread, to the napkins, and to the free doughnuts after. The staff is super quick and friendly! I took food home and was really sad when the last of it was gone... So here I am here again on my second of what will be a lifetime of trips leaving a review as I wait to be seated, question is why are you still reading this and not here yet?  :-)"
"Let's start with the waitress. Could she be more enthusiastic? Probably not. She was great. Described the food like she was ordering for herself. Then the cornbread. Wow. Best ever. Period. Everybody ordered something different so i won't include all the details, just the highlights. Mac n' cheese. EASILY the best I have ever eaten. Let's talk ribs. My daughter will not touch BBQ sauce. She helped me gobble my ribs down with great enthusiasm. Fall off the bone might be an understatement. Service was great and surprisingly, the price was more than fair. If you are a BBQ fan, this is a MUST TRY."
So the best BBQ I've ever had so far is in Phoenix?! Wife had pulled pork - perfect. I had the country fried chicken that cut through like butter ! Flavors were perfect too! Best Mac n cheese! Very impressed!
"EXCELLENT!!! THANKYOU YELP for miraculously feeding me and the fam AGAIN!! This place does NOT DISAPPOINT!!! Food was on point, Service was on Par, we left stuffed, pleasantly happy and satisfied. Our waiter was fantastic, management graced our table with a sincere and welcoming greeting, the menu was abundantly sufficient and accommodating. Loved each and everything about our entire experience. And the delicious little mini donuts were a bonus! Welcome surprise!! Come to find out, this place is a descendant of good ol' Bobby McGees of back in the day!! Loved finding out that little tidbit nugget of knowledge that was dropped on me tonight! Wow, that explains it. I don't always dish out the solid 5 stars, but this place most definitely deserves it. And 2,745 reviews do NOT Lie. Impressive. 2,746."
"This place is the BOMB, I was hauling butt down the freeway & out of the corner of my eye I saw a cool looking place to eat. It looked like an amusement park restaurant. I stopped at my hotel to drop my bags and called my coworkers and we met there. I ordered the whole hog & it was mighty tasty. They had cold beers and a full bar. After my meal I was thinking I couldn't be any happier and then they handed me a bag of mini donuts which were lightly covered in cinnamon & sugar. they tasted like a churro. this place is a must try for BBQ lovers. the food is amazing."
"Now here is a place that knows how to make some outstanding barbecue. Have lived near this place for awhile and was always curious how good was it. This place from the time you step in lets you know that this is a true barbecue place. Between the atmosphere which just sets the mark for a very nice place and the smell from when you walk in. Took a friend here, I ordered the barbecue brisket and my mistake was I should of ordered it with sauce just flooding out of the sandwich. My friend ordered the ribs which were so tender that the meat easily came off clean from the bone. I loved how they put sugar on the rims of the glasses for the lemonade. The staff was very friendly and explained that everything is handmade and the meat is cooked for 20 ours before coming out. You haven't had real barbecue until you have come to Bobby Q's."
Excellent service by the bartenders even though it was packed and they were hopping! Super friendly staff. We shared an entree and they split everything in the back making the rib combo much easier to enjoy. And the food was fantastic!
"This place was amazing! With seating outside on the patio and inside, we were seated promptly despite it being a busy Saturday. Since we had never been to Bobby Q's, our server explained how they handled their meat, the BBQ process, their original drink menu, and even helped us decide on our meal choices. 

When the meal came we were floored. The ribs were moist, tender (falling off the bone), and well seasoned. The steak was perfectly cooked , flavorful, and tender. We enjoyed the meat so much we merely sampled our sides! 

I would definitely suggest this restaurant to anyone looking for a great meal!"
"By far the best ribs I've ever had. Split the $52 Whole Hog Heaven platter with my wife. Two rib choices, two smoked meat choices and three sides. It was awesome. Their good rating on Yelp and a hankering for ribs before we boarded a plane back east led us to Bobby Qs and we're thrilled it did."
"Absolutely, the best  BBQ food I have ever eaten.  The ambiance and the staff are great.  A must for the barbecue enthusiast! I highly recommend Bobby Qs."
The servers here are well trained and are very helpful when it comes to helping out with ordering. The meat here is perfect and I am not even a big BBQ guy. Not only is the meat great but so is the corn bread. The corn bread is complimentary but honestly it is my favorite thing about this restaurant.
"I went here for lunch on Thursday afternoon, and I had a great experience. I was very impressed with my smokehouse burger and my appetizer of q rolls. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. If you're looking for a nice atmosphere and awesome food, this is the place to be! To top off the great food, the service was excellent! Our waitress, Chelsea, was a great server and she made us feel very welcome there. She never left us without anything we needed and was very polite! I give this place a 10 in my book, I'll definitely be back!"
"Great service, great cornbread, great BBQ, great dessert. Can't go wrong with this place. Nice BBQ restaurant feel and look to it"
"Great BBQ,  good flavor, great lunch prices.  Both brisket and baby back ribs are so tender and delicious. Very good service.  Manager goes around asking if everything is ok. Nicole provided exceptional service."
"There donuts and corn bread is to die for ! I will just drive sometimes for this items ... 
there baby back ribs are super juicy and well flavored . I have also experience there night fusion and Ambience and can tell you there drinks are also full of all the good stuff. The martini taste like martini . The beers are nice and cold !!! Great place ..."
This is the best Restaurant in AZ. Every food is to die for. Their baby back ribs are so moist that the meat just falls out in your mouth and best baked potatoes with everything. We took my friend parents for the First Time last night and they said everything they ate was so good that they were so quiet enjoying every bite of their dinner. And the atmosphere was perfect as always. And in the Summer their opening s new Bobby Q's in Mesa much closer to us woo hoo
"Honestly everything here was awesome. I'm from Ohio, so it was a one time stop, but I would definitely be coming back if I was from here. Beer was good, cornbread was good, barbecue was awesome (brisket was delicious) and the mac n cheese was to die for! And to top it all off, they send you on your way with a little bag of donuts, too cute. The atmosphere was really nice, especially outside. And the wait staff was extraordinarily friendly and did a great job. They deserve all 5 stars."
Not the best .. Not the worst ... Definitely quite pricy for the serving size you get ! Their mud pie was the best purchase !
Worst place I've ever been the manager profiles people without knowing who they are! Get another job you prick!
"Phenomenal food. Definitely lived up to the reviews. A colleague at the office steered me here (ha!) and holy smokes (no pun intended) did Bobby's deliver! Ciara took care of us, the Q rolls gave us a taste of the brisket and wow it set the stage! The Qcolada drink was unreal, the girl loved it. Q amber ale didn't disappoint either! We had to try both the St Louis and the baby back, just to get a sample. ;) bbq chicken rounded out the meal. Shoestring potatoes were a favorite, as was the mac and cheese. I had been looking for a solid bbq place and Bobby definitely delivers the goods. Will be back."
Great place to bring your family to eat. Gives you a lot for your money and food is great and tasty. Came here to celebrate my sister's birthday and family enjoy this place. They have a deal on menu that you can get at least 4 type of meat for a great price plus bbq sauce is great right along with cornbread. Yummy
Went here solely based on the reviews. There was a lot of people for a Wednesday night but they do accept reservations. I would highly suggest making reservations especially if coming on a weekend. The outdoor patio was amazing. I felt like I was not in the middle of the desert. It felt airy and romantic. Highly recommended if you like BBQ.
"Hands down one of the best restaurant in Phoenix!100% would recommend to all! I love eating at Bobby Qs, especially when I have some extra cash. By far the best thing on the menus is their beef brisket. It is so mouth watering good that I crave it as soon as I finish eating it. Today I went to Bobby Qs at the 27th Ave and Dunlap location with my boyfriend for lunch and we were wowed by their service. We were greeted and seated promptly by a sweet hostess and a nice girl who just so happened to be training for her first day. Our server, Gary, was phenomenal and did not hesitate to check up on us at the appropriate times throughout our time there. Our food arrived quickly and as expected tasted great overall. My brisket was a little dry but I decided not to say anything because I still enjoyed it. My boyfriend did however and as we were boxing up our food and the manager gave us a brand new rack immediately without question or charge. As someone who works at a great restaurant too, I was blown away by how professionally and kindly we were treated. I even forgot my purse in the booth and Gary left the restaurant to come running to our car before we drove away to give it back to me. All in all, Bobby Q has surpassed our expectation of great quality and service not just by the food but by the staff and ambiance and we shall continue to enjoy many great memories there."
We went with the family a year ago and we all thought the food was so so. The service was terrible. The wait staff seemed dazed and confused. We decided to give it one more try a year later and had virtually the same experience. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. There are much better places to go in the Phoenix area.
"Food is awesome...service is awesome! Came in on a Sunday evening with a party of 13.  Justin and Amberly did an awesome job serving us.  
Baby back ribs come right off the bone.  The corn bread is amazing and the donuts that they have are to die for!  Price is good too.  For 13 of us the check came out to 211..not bad at all!!!!"
"Simply incredible! A definite MUST for anyone visiting Phoenix. The Q rolls are delicious, the cornbread nearly melts in your mouth--as do the complimentary donuts at the end of the meal (taste like funnel cake!!) Our table shared the brisket & the Hog Heaven ( we chose STL ribs, baby back ribs, pulled pork, rotisserie chicken, Mac n cheese, shoestring fries & potato salad) while everything was delicious, the brisket & pulled pork are by far the BEST we have ever had---like EVER!! Special kudos to our server, Tyler, who kept us happy & even had patience with my kids requests!!  Only sad we don't live in Phoenix to visit more often!!"
"I love this place more every time I come here. The service is great, the food is spectacular, and the atmosphere is fun. I've been coming here for years and will continue to come back. This specific time in, I brought a colleague from out of town. She loved the selection of beer and really enjoyed the food."
"One of my favorite place to eat. If u ok with sitting outside on patio u don't have to wait to long to be sited , but still reservation is a better choice , especially on weekends. Food is very good , service is good but some times slow. Portions r big we usually shearing , drinks r fun my favorite is a shipwreck, or the one in pineapple."
"I loooooove Bobby Q! I've been coming to this location for years now with my family. It's a hidden gem off the side of the highway.

You're started off with complimentary cornbread. BOY, OH BOY. IT'S SO GOOD. 

We ordered a family combo style type of meal. The ribs literally fall off the bone. My mouth is watering just remembering the ribs. The chicken is good, but I'm all about the ribs! We ordered both the baby back and St. Louis and both are highly recommended.

The only downside is the size of the sides. They're incredibly small! I wish they would consider a bigger portion of the sides.

Everyone also gets complimentary donuts made fresh at the end of your meal! They're so delicious. I would pick those over the desserts."
"Was here last weekend during a spring training trip.  We had the ""whole hog heaven"" and it was great. Brisket, chicken, baby back, St. Louis ribs, Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and beans. All were great.  Service is great.  Free hot donuts and the corn bread is great.  I will return if I ever go back to Arizona."
I love this place! I always get the Catfish Poboy because it is so yummy! Their BBQ is so tender and the meat just falls off the bone. I never liked corn bread until I had theirs! It is so buttery and soft. Yum!
Bobby q is a must! Best bbq ribs I've had compared to Phil's bbq in SD. Our server Cody gave us outstanding service!  He was very attentive and helpful as well as the rest of the staff! Recommend everyone to stop by!
"Amazing BBQ fooood!!! I ordered the Texas big ribs, and my husband ordered one of the steaks, it was the 14 oz( I don't remember which one specific).  My favorite side was the mac n cheese and baked potatoe.  I also loved their corn though.   We had enough leftovers for dinner between the two of us haha.  I was so happy we did because ribs always taste good even if you reheat them. 

I wish we had a spot like this in Southern CA. I mean, Lucille's smokehouse has nothing on this.  
We were told they smoke their meats for 22 hrs. I believe them, because the meat was so tender, and i did not struggle getting it off the bone lol. 
You can consult l conveniently make a reservation through Yelp. :)"
"Food was amazing. Our sever Chelsea was one of the best waitresses we ever had. Always asked if we needed anything, kept drinks topped off, funny, and very polite. Atmosphere, service, great food.....hard to find that trifecta in any restaurant. Definitely will be back!"
This place is excellent. It sets a real benchmark and standard for how every restaurant should operate. The manager came out and introduced himself and checked on our satisfaction. Our drop dead gorgeous waitress Christine was very friendly and polite. What a doll. All waitresses and front house staff in this world should learn a thing or two from this establishment!  Bobby Q is a great place to visit!
Travelling from California I found this place on google. I have to say it is in my top 5 of best bbq I have ever ate.
"Three meat combo!!! I honestly don't have time to smoke 3 different kinds of meat and whip up Mac and cheese for my Sunday lunch.

The Cadillac margarita was ok but made from a mix.  They had several draught beers here too.

The brisket, baby back ribs, and BBQ chicken were delicious!!! The runner even brought out extra BBQ sauce for us which I recommend since they don't put much on the meat when they serve it.  The ribs were fall off the bone, smoky, and charred. The brisket was tender, and my dining companions favorite thing of the meal.  The BBQ chicken was a little pink which is common for on the smoking process and tasted amazing.

Our service was attentive and a manager checked in with us and thanked us for visiting.  For lunch for 2 with 1 drink each it was about $70 before tip.  We had a lot of leftovers which made it a good value!"
I visit Bobby Q's monthly on business.  They are my first stop after the rent a car at Sky Harbor!  Always excellent!
Rishad was our server and he was the best server in the whole world. He has big muscles and will knock your socks off!
What can I say from the minute you walk in your taken by the beautiful Decore and lighting the candles just beautiful.  The meat is so tender so tasty the barbecue sauce is just exquisite.  I had the barbecue pulled pork sandwich with the string fries and it was delicious the bread is toasted perfectly!
"The food and the staff here are amazing. Best prime rib I have had in a long time. 
Yesterday was my wife's 45th birthday and we had some guests that surprised her from out of town and we chose to celebrate at Bobby Q's on 27th ave. There was a minor problem with our wait time and our seating and I was a little upset. 
That did not last long. After talking to the amazingly awesome manager Taylor, he had us sitting at a perfect table and had two of his best waitresses Shauntel and Stacie waiting on us. Let me tell you that this was the best restaurant experience that I have ever had and I was truelly impressed. Taylor, Shauntel, and Stacie went above and beyond to make my wife's birthday celebration a very memorable one. The food was just as amazing as the staff.
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for the best BBQ in Phoenix!!!"
Great food and service. Our Cajun shrimp appetizer was a bit overcooked otherwise 5*. We had baby back and St. Louis ribs and they were fabulous. A bit pricey but the portions were huge. We shared one dinner and it was plenty!
"Very good place I went here early at 4pm as they start getting packed!  I'd recommend a reservation.  Very cool nice outdoor area and the food was great I got the ribs, mac n cheese and the giant pineapple drink is insane it's a large pineapple filled with booze.  I'm visiting from out of state but I would go back.  My server at the bar was great and managers came around to make sure you were happy."
"I was in Phoenix overnight and wanted to eat something different from the norm. We decided to go here. Customer service was great. They start you off with corn bread. This was one of the best I've ever had. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a baked potato. Baked potato was good nothing to brag about, the pulled pork sandwich was good and tasty. My friend ordered the wings and thought they were just okay. He also had the Mac and cheese that he said was really good. To drink I had a Poloma this was really good. Overall the food was good, great. Customer service. I'd go back."
I drove almost 2 hours to get this meal with a friend and it was the most amazing food I have ever had. The servers were amazing as well. I will be coming here again!
The absolute best beef brisket in town. Great ribs and pork BBQ also. Sides and cornbread are pretty good too. Nice atmosphere and there is the wonderful BBQ smoke aroma as you walk up to the entrance.
"Spotted this gem from the 17 FWY. Just visiting Phoenix for a weekend, I turned to my boyfriend and said, ""We have to go there before we head back to LA."" He was totally on board once I showed him the pics from Yelp. Banana Cake, Doughnuts, Meat. Yum!

We didn't even know until the day of that we would get a 10% discount for mentioning Yelp! Bobby Q rocks!

One Whole Hog Heaven and four refills of Arnold Palmer later, we were in Bobby Q Heaven. My God!!!

Check out the pic I uploaded with caption --
""Feast your eyes on the Whole Hog Heaven""
Yup. That's my boyfriend, the most perfect man for taking me here, and buying me the best BBQ I've ever had, ever. Period.

Service was perfect. Adam was extremely attentive. Great personality. He even brought me a cole slaw sample because I was inquiring about it, but didn't end up ordering it! Needless to say, we were so impressed that we left a 50% tip. Seriously, Bobby Q and Adam are that good.

Vibe is perfect. Decor is amazing. Indoor/Outdoor seating. Food is fantabulous. Service is impeccable. Oh, the best - when you pull into the parking lot, before you even get out of your car, you can smell the smokey meat goodness. All of their meat is smoked/cooked for 24 hours before hitting your mouth. That means that all the meat is fall off the bone perfection.

And the extra bonus - the moistiest corn bread before your meal and the sweetest cinnamon sugar doughnuts after your meal. What more could you ask for?!

I want a Bobby Q location in Los Angeles. In fact, why not put one in every city? This stuff definitely needs to be shared."
We had a great time here last night! Friendly service and the filet mignon was awesome as usual! Justin was great! Thank you!
"Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants for over 10 years. Even had my wedding reception there. Great food, atmosphere & hardworking staff. 5+ stars!"
"2000+ reviews and rated nearly 5 stars? Why, yes please!

What an incredible experience. This was by far the best BBQ spot I've ever been to. Great ambiance, with both indoor and outdoor seating options, great service, a wonderful dinner vibe, and most importantly, the  best tasting food!

On a nice evening, I'd recommend, if possible, to sit at the outdoor patio.  Outdoor string lights cover the patio. It's sort of dim inside but with bright lighting above each table. Instead of waiting for a table, three of us sat at the bar. With a couple TVs, we were able to catch up on sports.

Among our group we ordered the beef brisket and ribs. When they say a full rack of ribs, you get a full, meaty rack. The sides included shoestring fries, grilled vegetables, roasted corn, sauted mushrooms, and mac n' cheese. The mac n' cheese was the star side of the show while the ribs were the best I have ever tasted. When our food arrived, I was immensely in a better mood (I was already in good mood seeing how awesome the place was). When I tasted the food, I couldn't have been in a happier place. The brisket was delicious but clearly, the ribs are something truly special.

You get 10% off for checking in on Yelp. I forgot to use it but everything was so amazing I didn't care.

This place is highly recommended and I would absolutely without a doubt go to Bobby Q again."
I love coming here and I have been for years so why not write a review ....every time we visit we are always pleasantly greeted. Our food is fresh and cooked great. I'm a picky BBQ eater and I've never had a bad dish here and of course the corn bread and fresh donuts are an added bonus!!!
"Okay, listen here... Bobby Q is the sh*t. The place looks nice. The service was good. Even in a full house my food came pretty quickly. The manager that checked on me was nice. They gave me complimentary cornbread as a starter. I'm not the biggest fan of cornbread, but this cornbread wasn't that bad, especially when you add butter into the mix. I haven't had much from the menu, but the smokehouse burger is one of my favorite burgers and my favorite thing to order. Very flavorful and greasy. Just how I like it. I believe it has bacon, BBQ sauce, fried onions, cheddar cheese, and some really good secret sauce on it. It came with a side of fries by choice. The fries are so good. Very thin but pretty flavorful. I went on my birthday and was surprised with a complimentary ice cream cake with a candle in it. Suddenly my stomach expanded. It was very good. On top of that, they gave me a complimentary bag of sugary donut holes. They were warm and very soft. Just when I thought they had already stole my heart, they stole it again. Thank you Bobby Q. You made this boy's birthday dinner a good one."
"I travel to Phoenix a couple times of year for work and I always make this a place to visit. 

It's a little spendy and the portions are huge, but it is so tasty. I typically have an open face sandwich and just eat the meat and not the bun because a meal is too much food if you can't get someone to share. 

The specialty cocktails are also very good."
"This place is great! I use to come here when I was a kid, it was called Bobby Magee's then. Bobby Q's is the same owner but not the same food. It's Awesome! Flavor, check. Service, check. Portions, check. Our server Brienna was ""Top Shelf"", straight pro. I feel that the service is just as important as the food and both were amazing. Oh and the atmosphere super cool. This place is a must visit!"
"Stopped in here today for the first time and so glad I did. we sat on the spacious patio and the weather was perfect. Our server, Nathan, came right out to take our order. We got the hot wings as an appetizer and they were delicious. Crispy and great flavor, but not very spicy at all. We then ordered the platter combo of pulled pork with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. The mac was ahhhhmazing! The pork was also very good and I really liked the bbq sauce on it. 

The food was all great and reasonably priced. Nathan was great and very attentive throughout our entire meal. The manager also popped out to check on us, which I always appreciate. We had an excellent dining experience, with plenty of leftovers to enjoy all over again later! I would definitely recommend going here for great bbq and plan to return soon!"
"The food was excellent! Fall off the bone ribs, tender Tri Tip! The Mac and cheese was so creamy and tasty!! The service was great I forgot the servers name but he was great! Even the manager of the night was going around to the tables to check on us. We sat on the outside patio that was decorated beautifully! The lights, the table to the water fountain and the nice view of the bar and televisions! Great pric"
Service is exceptional even when they are busy. Love their prime rib. Sides are always great. My server tonight was Tyler and he did a terrific job.
First of all I would like to say that I have been a frequent patron of Bobby Q for years often bringing family. I'm a brisket man and most of the time it is great. I stopped by for lunch the other day and instead of ordering potato salad or beans with my brisket sandwich I ordered the house salad. Big mistake. I had all the symptoms of salmonella poisoning and fortunately only suffered for two days. I called for two days and spoke to two different on duty managers who both told me the general manager would give me a call when he came in so we could discuss my situation. It's been 4 days and nothing. I guess they don't care about sick customers or even want to discuss. Not sure if we will ever go back.
"We were invited to join some fellow Yelpers for a N side UYE....would not have missed it!

I had the Smokehouse again and it did not disappoint! Everything about the burger is perfect. 

1. Grilled on fire not a flat top
2. Cooked to your liking, Med Rare
3. Topped with real bacon, cheese, fired onion and sauce
4. Drips down your hand as you eat 
5. Only $10 bucks with a side"
Amazing BBQ and service.  We went there two nights in a row and both times everything has been excellent!
"Always so delicious, great quality, awesome service & efficient. One of the only places you can ALWAYS depend on to consistently have all of this. No matter what."
Bobby Q never fails us with their food. Everything is always deliciously perfect! The cornbread is amazing and the bbq is the best I've had in Arizona. The wings are a must with a side of the vegetables. No matter what you order you will not be disappointed.
"We went early on a Saturday night and there was a wait list.  We found an excellent place to sit at the bar and got right in.  We ordered the large sampler assortment because it was our first visit and we wanted to try several items.  The ribs were excellent, as were the brisket and sausage.  Our sides were cole slaw which was fine, but the mac and cheese was excellent.  Great doughnuts are served at the end.  The people were very nice and our service was excellent.  We will be back."
"W O W ! ! ! 

Co-worker and I were working in the area for the week. We drove around past Outback, Texas BBQ spot even Black Angus - and we were GLAD we did - we found Bobby Q ok Yelp! Of course. 

Definitely a busy restaurant, which is fine because there was more than enough parking. 

I ordered the 2-meat combo plate. 
Beef Brisket 
Pulled Pork
Sides: Vegetables + Mashed potatoes 
Drink: Coke

The beef Brisket was AMAZING!!!! I picked up my fork and went for the beef brisket - the brisket was soooo tender, that it fell off the fork - OMG! 

Needles to say it was Delicious.
Same for the pulled pork. Very tasty! 

Everything else was perfect. 

I think my co-worker ordered one of the popular chicken meals. I know he enjoyed his meal. 

Overall awesome dining experience! 

A little high priced - but worth every pen"
"The food is AMAZING!!! Love the ambiance and menu selections.
The only part is the wait, but that only tells you how good the food is."
"I just came from LA to Phoenix for a business trip. I searched yelp and found this place interesting. 

I have been trying many steakhouses in beverly hills and LA but this place is amazing. 

I ordered brisket with corns and veggies. I literally finished the whole plate.

Chelsea, the bartender, was awesome. I love her. She's so sweet and kind and best service ever."
"Awesome food  hostess and waitress were excellent. Homely but classy building and decorations. We ordered a mixed family platter with St Louis ribs/baby back/ brisket and sausage, all were excellent and tasty. Highly recommend this bbq joint. When I come back to Phoenix I will surely come back again"
"Hi, 
I visit Bobby Q on 7-19-2011 after reading the good reviews about this place, so I want to check it out myself since I'm from Texas.  I ordered a Whole Hog Heaven for me and my hubby with bottle of wine, and for my daughter I ordered the pull pork sandwich.  Alright people, the barbeque was ok and for the people who have dentures this is place for them.  The ribs, meat melt of the bone alright but it's too mushy.  I can't even pick up the bone because the mushy meats just melt in the tray.  Good bbq ribs, meat should attach to the bones when you break it and melted in your mouth when you eat it that's call good bbq people.  Their pull pork was good and their corn bread was delicious seriously, but the brisket was too dried and the meat is brownish like old meats.  After tasting the brisket I just stop eating my dinner.  Lucky I had a bottle of wine.  Good brisket supposed to be little char on the outside, pinkish inside, and juicy.  Barbeque sauce normally served on the side because the good briskets meats are juicy and tender; therefore, the sauce doesn't need to poor all over the brisket.  Our server was alright doesn't know much about wine though, but I can't complaints because I'm not at fine dining.  The ambience was ok, music ok, but menu little greasy and some bread crumbs in it that's not so ok to me.  The price is very cheap.  Quantity is beyond my expectation but need to work on quality of foods.  For three of us the bill comes to $86.37 including tips.  I hope this review help some of you, thank you!"
I ate at bobby q on the patio with our server Abby! My friends and I got yummy drinks and we're promptly served cornbread! Abby made amazing recommendations for food and drink and the manager checked in to make sure we were enjoying! Delicious food and fun and cute vibe! Will return!
"My favorite BBQ by FAR in phoenix. While some claim that the ribs were overcooked, I never had anything on my plate that was less than perfect. Love it! The cornbread, the desserts and the sides are all fantastic as well. The one exception was the ""local brewery"" beer that we tried was total rubbish. I ended up going with a blue moon. 
The decor is fun and comfortable. When the weather permits you can sit out on the comfortable patio or sit inside."
"We are in Phoenix dog sitting and visiting restaurants we made note of watching Check Please Arizona on PBS.  Bobby Q was our first stop on our list and the food was wonderful. We ordered the Pulled Pork and Brisket Sandwiches with Pecan Cole Slaw and Mac & Cheese for sides. It all lived up to the review. The meats were tender, moist and the sides complimented the meat really well. 
The 4 Stars is for the fact that I had to get up and find our Server to ask for more BBQ Sauce because the sandwiches were served with barely a touch of sauce.  
The bag of To-Go Doughnuts they give you at the end of the meal would of jumped our overall Review Score to 4 1/2 Stars, but Yelp doesn't give you that option."
"We finally tried this place (it's a bit of a drive) and now understand what all the fuss is about. The location was a Bobby McGee's years ago.  

Let me just say that we will be back soon. THEY KNOW MEAT and BarBQ!!  Great, tender ribs and sirloin with flavorful sides. Table next to us did BBQ sandwiches which looked great.  Efficient, friendly staff.

Very much worth a visit to try it out."
"I LOVE the mac and cheese, the ribs, and the queso garlic bread appetizer is amazing as well. Fun atmosphere and have been here 5 times at least without a bad experience yet."
"I'm from out of town and had heard from a family member that I had to try Bobby Q's. Excellent recommendation!! I ordered the Steak Sandwich that was covered in mushrooms and onions, and it was delicious! When you go, ask for Austin! He was great! Extremely fast and efficient. Overall, great experience! I will be back!"
Have to try the brisket and the donuts.
"I'm a HUGE country fried chicken fan, and let me tell you I've been to SOOOO many restaurants throughout the US and this is by far the best country fried chicken ever! 
I've been to this place so many times I've literally had every single waiter.
My favorite hands down would be christin. She is fairly new but let me tell you, she went above and beyond to keep us satisfied. If you go by, just ask to have christin waiter you. 
The food desert and her as a waitress was hands down the best service I have ever received!!!"
"I can't tell you how many times my husband and I have been here. We moved here a little over a year ago and a colleague took him to try it. He came home raving about it until I agreed to try it. It's a fun atmosphere and we went for our first and second anniversaries. Last month we took our newborn son for his first visit :) We love that the manager always walks up to your table to make sure your visit is going well. They also have response cards (usually on the table, but not always) that you can fill out with when you were there and how your server was. That definitely shows that they really care about the service they are providing. Though it's almost always very busy, they have great service and the food comes out quickly and hot. Speaking of the food.. My husband is obsessed with their ribs and spicy BBQ sauce (he always asks for his own BBQ sauce bottle to have at the table) He also loves their burgers and swears that the Mac n cheese is the best in the world. When I go I get the steak sandwich. It's juicy steak cooked to perfection on garlic bread with sauted mushrooms, au jus sauce, and fried onion strings on the side, incredible. But in saying that.. I always try to go on Saturdays because they have a steak and crab special for $18. Their crab is to die for! They place a candle on your table with a butter tray above it that's perfectly melted and warm. I also love their shoestring fries. They give you complimentary cornbread during your meal and a bag of little donut holes afterward. I love this place. We went here three weekends in a row one time (We had different things to celebrate each time and didn't want to go anywhere else!) I love their specialty drinks too. Like most specialty drinks, they aren't cheap.. But yummy. The shipwreck is my fav. If you like good food and good service, GO HERE!"
"Ask to be sat at one of Bryce's tables. Probably one of the most pleasant server interactions I've ever had. The food is clearly outstanding here, but the service and attention to detail is what will really keep my family and I returning. The place is extra clean and the staff is very well trained. The timing that all of the courses came out was perfect. A++ service"
"Came here based solely on other Yelp reviews as it was the highest rated place by far nearby during a convention weekend in Phoenix.

Bobby Q's does not disappoint. The food (I had the sirloin, she had brisket and chicken, we had mash, baked potato, mac and cheese, and vegetables, all of which were tasty), the locale (more upscale than I would ve expected for a bbq place), and the service (ask for Dana, she was the dot on the i in my opinion with good recommendations, excellent attention to our needs, and a generally extremely pleasant disposition) all combined to make this place the highlight of our weekend in terms of a food experience.

Would absolutely recommend going to Bobby Q if you're in the mood for bbq and find yourself nearby."
"Love it, love it, love it. Food is great can't stop ordering take out. This is not a Texas restaurant but as close as Arizona can get too one. Can't wait to go again."
"I am an Arizona native and at first missed Bobby McGhee's but who knew the owners were such magicians with BBQ (and this coming from someone who lived in the south for 13 years!).  The brisket spring rolls are a delight to the taste buds and the ribs are fall off the bone delicious.  The meat was not greasy at all and had just the perfect amount of seasoning as well as a small amount of sauce. Yep... true BBQ is about the meat not the sauce.  The cornbread has just the right amount of sweet, though my southern hubby was disappointed it was not hot water cornbread. 
This is most definitely not your chain BBQ restaurants that just hint at true quality product. Absolutely 5 stars!"
"MehBQ. Abysmal service. Would have been a total bust but for the Mac & Cheese side and cornbread. But probably the worst, driest, most overpriced pulled pork sandwich I've had in the Valley. I won't be going back."
"This amazing place has been here what 30 35 years, maybe even longer. They are still great, if not better than ever.
I have always liked the food here. I just never seem to make it out to this part of town anymore.  If you are at Metro center or on the I17 headed south this is a great place to stop for Lunch or Dinner.
The meat here is wonderful! I mean really good. I love the Ribs, and the BBQ sauce is mighty fine. 
It is always busy here, is it any wonder. they are still serving up great food and great service. I know that they have a lot of other things on the menu, but I always  get BBQ.
When you like it, don't change. Full service bar and lots of parking.
Please do not drink and drive though.
Years ago the staff used to dress up in Costume, too bad they do not do that anymore."
We were on our from the airport to Sedona and it was the time for lunch. We didn't have much time to look for a restaurant so we decided on Bobby Q since it was close to freeway. The restaurant has huge parking lot and seating inside and outside. Waiter explained that they smoke the meat right at the back of the restaurant. We ordered it and it was delicious! I wish the would be place like this near my house!
"Didn't like the wait but the food was amaze-balls.

Whole rack of baby back ribs and 2 sides for $28 .. not bad!

Service was a bit slow (had to ask for sauce like 3 times) but she was nice.

Then they mentioned the yelp offer and we took advantage of the discount! plus free donuts at the end."
"Came here for the first time while on a business trip to Phoenix. I've had some good bbq in the past. This place is legit. There's a reason why they have above 4 stars here. 

We went to the bar and ordered a few drinks while waiting to be seated. For those who have been here, you know how busy this place can get. So we ordered a few drinks and hanged out while waiting for out table. 

Mind you, this place is pretty big and there was still a good wait on a weeknight. 

Once seated, we asked out waitress a few questions about the menu. She knew the menu well and made several recommendations. 

We ordered a combination of meats. 

In short, everything we had from the baby back ribs, beef ribs, sausage, brisket, etc. . ALL OF IT WAS MONEY!

I've been to quite a few bbq joints across the country, Bobby Q is definitely in the top 3. They definitely know how to Q a mean BBQ.

The sides were good but nothing I'd jump out of my seat for. The mac and cheese was mac and cheese like anywhere else. BUT I DIDN'T COME HERE FOR THE SIDES. I came here to try the meat, and in the meat department Bobby Q definitely gets a 5 star rating. 

Our server was on point. She came by often to check up on us. This was impressive considering how busy they were. But she did, and came by often. 

I would definitely recommend this BBQ joint to anyone in the area. Definitely one of the best around."
Great place to eat with friends. Prices are right and food is great and you get a lot for your money.
"Great cornbread. Everyone's reviews about the q rolls were spot on. Those were great. The sauce that comes with was great too. I ordered the country fried chicken. I'm going to be honest, I only ate about a quarter of it. The portion I tried tasted decent, just not much flavor to the gravy or breading. When I would try to break a piece off with my fork the breading was just falling off. It wouldn't stay on the chicken what so ever. It was a full chicken breast and was a bit chewy. Fully cooked but maybe over cooked or frozen? I'm truly not sure. The batter had more of a fish fry consistency then a country fried consistency in my opinion. Fiance agreed something was off about the chicken. On the side I got roasted corn. To die for. Absouletly delicious and the mashed potatoes were good as well.
My fiance ordered a pulled pork sandwhich. I tried it and it was delicious. I wish I ordered that instead. Her mac n cheese was great too. I would have told the server about the my food not being up to par but she was doing a very good job and all the other food was great.  I had a beer and it was a nice and cold. Fiance ordered the qlada. Had a good amount of alcohol. These drinks are huge, I'm serious. Also the donuts they bring with the check are great!

Overall we will be back for more. Im going to stay away from the country fried chicken though"
Our monthly meeting went great with the service and food we were given. We were early enough to get the luncheon special what a great deal. Waiter was very good giving ideas on what to eat for someone who couldn't decide. Plenty of parking spaces and not all jammed up together so there is room for you to get in and out of your cars.
This place needs 10 stars awesome food melt in your mouth barque meats the sides are really good! I would love a birthday cake made of their Mac and cheese yummy too my tummy! Great service they work so hard and at temperatures that would make me pass out. They make it look so easy and fun.
"I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before. I'll keep it short... food, atmosphere, service, all awesome. If you like BBQ or steaks, definitely hit this place. Just don't do it on a night I'm going, sometimes it gets very busy. :D"
This restaurant is nothing short of amazing. I am quickly becoming a regular. My favorite dish is the smokehouse burger. The burger is so good I can no longer eat burgers from just anywhere. Best when ordered medium. On my last visit our server was Rishad. Rishad was very polite and professional. He didn't make us wait long. Always checked in with us to see how everything was or if we needed anything. Management didn't just sit around and look over the restaurant. Management actually was involved and assisted the other staff members to get things done. You never feel rushed to finish your meal. This is my number one restaurant hands down.
"Outstanding! Service was excellent.. Food was great, along with the Smokey aroma throughout the restaurant. Nice job!"
First time eating here. We split the three meat with the two of us and it had great flavors. The bbq was so good  I am glad we stopped in. Our sides were the Mac n cheese and pecan Cole slaw - we were intimidated by the pecans but I barely even tasted it. Great mix!
"It was amazing.. I love the drinks and food and the service was good too, treat u like a Queen."
"The food here is amazing! We started with the Q Rolls which were delicious! The brisket was so tender and flavorful! I got the pulled pork sandwich which was fantastic. It was cooked to perfection! My boyfriend got the ribs and catfish combo. The ribs were out of this world, the best either of us has ever had! You didn't even need a fork or knife to get the meat off, it was literally falling off the bone. So yummy! 

We're from Chicago but we will make a trip to Phoenix whenever possible just to eat at Bobby Q!"
Excellent service from Chelsea the bartender and Ashlynn the server! If you go there I would ask for those two. They make the whole experience even better! The food is awesome and the donuts are delicious.
"Had a problem last week, but the Manager (Hedi) handled it. I'm asking all customers (in Groups of eight) to pay close attention to your bill. A Gratuity is automatically added, my server (Harold) added $5.00 to my bill. WTH? Thank you Hedi, for correcting that problem."
"Great atmosphere! Surprised at how fast the food came..almost too fast! But that's ok, the food was great! Service was too! Can't wait to go back!"
"This was one of the best meals I've had! Our waitress Victoria was amazing! She was kind, attentive and provided the best service! Because of the amazing service and even better meal, we Will definitely be coming back here!"
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, the name of this joint leaves something to be desired. I don't eat a lot of BBQ because most of the places in San Diego aren't very good. Man, did this place set the bar(bq) high for future BBQ spots.

I had the half slab of spicy bbq ribs with potato salad and mac and cheese. The amount of food that they brought out could have fed three of me- I can't imagine how much food they give you with the full slab. The ribs were incredibly tender and fell right off the bone. The SAUCE was amazingly delicious. I can't even describe it other than that it was so good that I wanted to order a pitcher of it and pour it over everything. 

I am a total potato salad guy and this potato salad hit the spot. Perfect blend of ingredients. The Mac and Cheese was just otherworldy with the amount of delicious cheesey gooeyness that it was. All in all I think I gained 30 pounds just from eating half of the meal.

Even if you don't order a dessert, they end your meal with some homemade mini doughnuts (yeah I spelled it out)! It's a perfect treat even if you have to take them home to eat them. Heat them back up before you do. 

I will definitely go back here next time I visit Phoenix."
"Away from home on the 4th of July my boyfriend and I were craving BBQ and after scouring yelp for the best BBQ places we decided on Bobby Q.

With reviews upon reviews and pictures of the whole hog heaven the boyfriend and I told ourselves that we would not be tackling that beast on our own... but we did. After a conversation with our waiter it really did seem like the best option to sample what Bobby Q had to offer. And for the amount of food given, it was well worth the price.

Although overwhelmed when the platter arrived to our table, the boyfriend and I found ourselves quickly working our way through it. We had enough leftovers to stuff one person senseless. 

Do yourself a favor and opt for the baby back ribs and the st louis ribs. You get more bang for your buck this way instead of going for the beef back ribs which they will only serve you two of with the Whole Hog. Shoestring fries, baked beans, and mac and cheese were on point and if i had to do it all over again I probably wouldnt have gotten the pulled pork and asked for more brisket instead."
"Great BBQ! Thanks for the recommendation, yelpers!

Austin (our server) gave us great suggestions. We had the baby back ribs, brisket, and Mac and cheese. All awesome!  

Would definitely be back if I ever came through these parts again."
Place is amazing.  This is definitely our come to place everytime we're in town for spring training
Best ribs. Pecan coleslaw is to die for as well. This is where I always come if I want unparalleled too quality BBQ. Service and staff are always on point and friendly. I usually go for the platter and get a little of everything.
"A mandatory stop on every Spring Training trip.
All 3 of us get the 3 meat comb,  never have been disappointed.   Will be back next year if not sooner."
"After a happy hour that turned into 4 hours at the attached Q-Lounge, we had a bite to eat at the actual restaurant.  I had the BBQ pulled chicken sandwich, it was delicious.  The pre-meal cornbread and the post meal donuts were a nice touch.

Maybe someday I will return to try their legendary ribs when I haven't spent so much at the bar beforehand!"
"Baby back ribs were delicious! I love this place, definitely coming back!! It was a busy Friday night but it's worth the wait. Corn bread is an excellent appetizer. We even got donuts to go. I'm very impressed with Bobby Q!"
"Stopped in on a Sunday for some wings, sat at the bar to watch FIFA games. Wings were fantastic! And Sharli made me the best cocktails. This place gets busy fast, but the bar service was 5*!"
"Back once again for my b-day dinner! Always have to go with the Whole Hog Heaven. A little bit of everything and it is all AMAZING! our server, Victoria1924 was also amazing. She was friendly, fast, and attentive. I love this place."
Fun place! its been a lil while but theres a good chance you will leave with a good story if you go with the right friends or meet the right people....
"I don't give out many 5 Star Reviews but this place is amazing.  I had the BBQ Sampler Platter with Rotisserie Chicken, Baby Back Ribs, Pulled Pork and their amazing Mac & Cheese for under $19. You also get some very good corn bread as well.  This place is on my hit list next time I am in town.  Don't pass up Bobby Q's if you are in the area."
"Visited Bobby Qs last night with out of town friends and have to say I will definitely spread the word to everyone possible that this is one racist facility. I, along with my guest were dressed to a ""T"" and were told we couldn't get in. Minutes later others were let in that had on jerseys, baggy sloppy jeans, t - shirts.  As an owner of a very respectful company I will make sure this word gets around.  Let me please add that the officers outside mentioned that the owner ""has issues""...Please keep this mind."
"Great place. Top rating.  Cool restaurant, great vibes, friendly people, outstanding food and nice bar area. This is a can't miss.  Cornbread and awesome BBQ, brisket/ribs and mac n cheese that will blow you away.  Oh yeah, the ""thank you donuts"" - incredible.  Might as well order a dozen of those babys take my word for it! I found my sizzle here. Ask for Tiffany, she is awesome!!  See ya there.

UPDATE: I ordered the hamburger there and FORGET ABOUT IT - THIS IS THE BEST BURGER IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA.  The staff here, in my opinion (aside from Hillstone which is equally as good) is the best you can find anywhere.

Other restaurants should figure out how they hire people and pay them to figure it out.  I have been to hundreds and hundreds of restaurants across the United States, you won't find better."
Came here for dinner tonight for the first time in a few years and it was just fantastic. Our server Jonah was super helpful with all of our questions and made the night great! We ordered the Hog Heaven to split and it was amazing. Can't wait to come back.
"Best ever beef brisket!  So very tender and delicious!  Reasonable prices for outstanding BBQ!  Our server, Brieanna, was also incredible!  Very attentive to all of our needs, pleasant, friendly and really had some great recommendations for us. Thanks Brieanna for make no our first visit to BobbyQ's simply outstanding!  We will see you again soon!"
"If there is one thing Bobby knows how to do, that is how to que! Second time visiting this place and first time in a year. This visit made me wonder why I gave up meat for almost a year of my life. They may want to reconsider a name change to flavor town because your taste buds are ambushed by an abundance of flavor from every which way. I had the Jumbo BBQ Potato topped with brisket and a side of Mac n Cheese and it was phenomenal! I can't remember the last time I had a meal this enjoyable and delicious where I savored every bite. The brisket was cooked perfectly, little to no fat, juicy, tender, and flavorful. The barbeque sauce was full of flavor, not too thin, not too thick, and it had the perfect amount of tang to it. The Mac n Cheese was full of cheesy flavor. It went really well when paired with the barbeque sauce. I poured a little over the Mac n Cheese to give it a little extra flavor. The place was packed and they said we had about a 45 min wait and ended up waiting only 15 or so minutes. The service was great as well. I can't wait to go back!"
WOW!  What a pleasant surprise!  We were in town from Iowa and saw the wonderful reviews.  So seemed liked a great place.  And we were actually in awe of how good Bobby Q's was!  Absolutely the BEST baby back ribs we've ever had and the Smoked Chicken was wonderful too.  Actually EVERY single thing was awesome.  PLUS - we had FANTASTIC service!  Just couldn't have been a better experience.  And then donuts on our way out.  WOW - wish it was a little closer to Iowa! :)  Thanks Bobby Q's for welcoming us to your wonderful BBQ.  We will be back!
Excellent BBQ. Crew is and was very helpful. They knew what they were serving and the employees were very nice
"Bobby Q's entrance off 27th Avenue is subtle and in a quiet area and one of the first things you notice pulling into their lot through the small driveway flanked by bushes is that the place (and its lot) is huge.  It's obvious from its construction, that this building has been here a long time and the massively tall trees in the parking lot confirm that.  I actually parked in an ""adjacent"" lot next to the main one and had a decent walk to the restaurant's entrance around the corner.  The much larger bar facing the lot is NOT the entrance to go through to access the restaurant.

Before meeting my date here, I took a look at the menu and had a mild sticker shock.  The prices are not unreasonable for a Valley restaurant; but being that we usually eat in $ or $$- restaurants, it was quite a bit more than what I'm used to.  The important question, however, wasn't whether the prices were ""high"", but whether food quantity and quality justified them.

We started out with drinks.  I had the Strawberry q Lada ($9.00), which was quite delicious, with the strawberry and pia colada blending very well together.  While waiting for dinner, they also brought cornbread for each of us with butter, which was also quite good, though had it been hot instead of lukewarm,it  would have been excellent.

My date ordered the half baby back ribs with cole slaw and baked potato.  In her case, this was very much worth the $20.00 ... and I frankly can't imagine what the ""whole"" for $6.00 more would have been like!  For out came what I can only describe as half of the brontosaurus ribs they used to dump on Fred Flintstone's car; an overflowing bowl of cole slaw and a potato almost as big as the half-ribs.  I ordered the ""smoasted"" half chicken and can only say, that presentation is everything.  It didn't seem close to half a chicken to me; but since it was served in cut up pieces and on a large plate, that might be the reason why I thought otherwise.  For sides, I had the fully stuffed baked potato (still huge) and the grilled vegetables, which, I can honestly say, should have been double the amount while the potato could've been half the size.  Since my date picked out the restaurant, it was obvious it was a favorite place for her and her husband.  As the ""newbie"", I was very impressed with the taste and while my plate didn't seem to be overflowing like hers, it was more than enough and worth the price.  Before tip, my tab came out to $27.08, including tax.

Service is prompt, friendly and attentive (perhaps a bit too attentive, when you're trying to talk).  Interestingly enough, once the credit card was run, the waitress, who had constantly been checking on us throughout the meal, left us to talk in peace with only an occasional server interrupting to see if we wanted more water or Diet Coke.  Though the restaurant is nowhere near as big as the annexed bar, it is pretty roomy with dark, wood colors and a very high ceiling.  

DIABETIC ALERT:
------------------------

A glance at the menu will tell you that this place is pork and beef heavy.  There are only two chicken dishes and its obvious by what comes out, that chicken is not their specialty.  A diabetic will have a very hard time eating ""healthy"" here.  The more serious you are about watching what you eat, the more problems you're going to have navigating the menu.  This place should more likely be considered ""a-once-in-a-very-long-while"" treat.  Looking around tonight, most of the patrons had waist sizes that wouldn't surprise anyone coming here.  For the most part, only the wait staff was thin/proportionate, though not always.  While the food is very good, the staff hospitable and the atmosphere welcoming, this restaurant would probably elicit a big frown on your doctor's face, if he knew you came here ... and probably give HIM a heart attack, if he heard you came here regularly."
"Woo hoo! A solid five stars for some of the best BBQ I've had.  I've had my fair share of great BBQ experiences from all four corners of the US, including states and cities traditionally known for this great American dish.  I have to say that what I had at Bobby Q knocked it out of the park.

I had the two-meat combo comprising of baby backs and brisket.  According to my server, these two are ""the ones that keeps the lights on"" for the restaurant.  I totally see why.  Their meals are smoked in house for about a full day.  Combined with their special rubs, not only does this impart a great taste but the meats were some of the most tender and moist I've had.  The brisket was melt in your mouth tender while the pork ribs fell off the bone with little effort.  The BBQ sauce used was just right - not too overpowering the taste of the meat, not too sweet or ""ketchupy"".  Even the sides of broccolini and roasted brussel sprouts were spot on and complimented the entrees well..

I lucked out and came just before Happy Hour was done so I took advantage and ordered a couple of appys.  The buffalo cauliflower was exceptional (gotta try making this at home!) as was the beef brisket tacos.

I have to say that the service was great.  All of the staff, from the hostess, to my server, to the manager, Joanne, were friendly and helpful. 

Easily one of the best for BBQ I've had."
"Went here for a meetup group event.   First off, I would like to say, if I was grading the cornbread, the mac and cheese and the mashed potato sides, I would give them a resounding five stars.   The service, I would give five stars as well.   It's the BBQ that I would give more like a two or three stars, hence, the three stars since that's probably what the place is known for.

There was probably about 20 of us.   We had two servers, which they were organized and kept things moving along.   Drinks came out in a timely fashion as well as the warm cornbread and butter, which I could have just made a meal from that!

I love pork ribs, as you can probably tell from my prior BBQ reviews.   We could either order a half or a full.   I figured, since I was filling up on the cornbread anyway, I could take most of it home and ordered the full rack.   I asked which was leaner, which our server stated it was the baby back.   I don't want all that pork fat.  

The ribs were, mehhhhh, okay.   A bit on the dry side; yes, falling off the bone, but it just lacked that bbq, smoky flavor that I am used to.   The sauce wasn't all that tantalizing either.

Now, the mac and cheese and the mashed taters, that was another thing.   I don't know what kind of cheese it is, but it was creamy and plenty of cheese.   The mashed taters had the skin, which I like, and was quite tasty as well.

I ordered a manhattan, which was good.   It's just that I think someone drank half of it before I got it since the glass was partially filled.   I was wondering what happened to the rest of it.

Would I return?   I would for everything except the Q.    I didn't care for the dryness of the meat and the blandness of the flavoring."
"JACK!!! the General Manager at this Bobby Qs is Amazing.  Our visit started off on the wrong foot and ended with a damn good experiance.  Jack took care of us, promised better service and an absolute perfect meal and he delivered on that promise."
Oh man this place is amazing! My dad treated my family to dinner here for my birthday!!! I absolutely loved it!!! The service the food everything was so wonderful! This will be my new spot for bbq it's so delicious! We had the whole hog heaven oh man that's the best meal ever! Yum!!!
"I've been to Bobby Q's three times now. I don't get how they are Yelp top 100. It is ok but not fantastic. 

My roasted corn last night was clearly previously frozen corn that had been heated up.

They forgot my sweet potato fries and had to be reminded three times to bring them out. 

The chicken and brisket were fantastic. 

BBQ sauce was ok.

Decor and atmosphere were cool! 

Nothing special or super cool on the cocktail list. 

Definitely make a reservation on the weekends. They are crazy busy and the wait is long if you just walk in. 

Honestly, just about any BBQ place in Texas is comparable or better than Bobby Q's. If you want BBQ it is good but nothing special."
"This is one of the best BBQ places in the area, great environment with great patio and nice homey feel. The place is been packed every time I have been so there is usually a bit of a wait and since the bar is a bit on the small side it can be hard to get a drink. 

The drinks a very delicious and there is a pretty good selection of mixed drinks, some wine and a small selection of local, I believe rotating beers. I had a Old Fashioned which was very good, not the best I have ever had but I'm pretty picky. Also a Mile High which was interesting but not sure if I would order again.

Make sure to come with an appetite as with most BBQ places it is going to be a good amount of food. 

The CORN SIDE WAS DELICIOUS!!! 

The rest was very good, I had a steak and some grilled veggies. Delicious.  The group I was with loved their meals as well and very little was left on the plates. 

All in all great place! Give it a try!"
"Ate here at lunch on a lead from Yelp during a business trip.  Great BBQ.  Clean, great lighting and attractive waitresses!  Highly recommend if you're hungry for BBQ.  Also received a 10% discount for mentioning Yelp*"
"The best barbecue place ever! We had the baby back ribs, beef brisket, pulled pork and all the sides that went with it, amazing!
Great service & atmosphere was very nice!
D."
"Great food and service! We had whole hog to share for three people and we had leftovers. Service, food, price and ambiance five stars."
Oh yeah I can see why this is a staple in AZ sorry I didn't have any pics my food was to god I devoured it.
"Medium Rare steak cooked to perfection. Fabulous mashed potatoes and Mac n cheese. I have never had a bad meal here, always exceeds my expectations in quality, taste, and service."
"I loved the environment and everyone who worked there was super nice. The q rolls were recommended by our server Chelsea and they were ""life changing"". Me and my friends ordered the whole hog and it was more than enough food. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who is looking for a new place to have dinner."
"Always stop here when in Phoenix and as usual the food was excellent. This trip our server whose name was Colton was one of the best servers I have had anywhere. He was on it. Drink order, appetizers, meal, filling our drinks, checking on us. I expect a great experience here and he surpassed our expectations. Great job!!!!"
"Not as good as I hoped it would be or the reviews stated. I had brisket it was ok, beans not spectacular and coleslaw. Very friendly staff maybe just an off night. Will try again."
"Finally tried this place after passing it everyday. We went on a Friday night at 8:00 and we still had a 20 minute wait. While we waited we sat in the bar and had a cocktail. The bartender was great. While waiting he asked if we wanted to look at the menu while we were waiting for our table. We did of course and they had a great selection of dishes. 

Once we got seated by the rotisserie in the back the server asked if we had ever been there. Too which we both said no. Then she asked if we had ever been there while it was Bobby McGee's which I had since I grew up in the area and that was the place to go back in the 80's/90's for a fun and nice dinner. She said it's actually ran by the same owners he just sold it to a corporate company. I must say the decor was much better than it was back when it was Bobby's McGee's that's for sure. The server went to describe some signature dishes and cocktails. She was great! 

We had the Pulled BBQ Chicken Sandwich (which was very good) with a side of their Mac n Cheese and also had the Wedge Salad, and two more sides of Mac n Cheese (cuz I wasn't going to share my mac n cheese) and then I had another side of the roasted corn. While everything was great the corn wasn't so great. They take it off the cob for you which is fine but the corn was a bit soggy and over cooked. I wanted my corn to have a bit of crunch to it still. It had nothing. The Wedge salad was awesome. Perfect amount of Blue Cheese Crumbles, Bacon, Tomatoes...very tasty. Much to our surprise they give everyone a Thank-U bag of mini donuts that were so good! 

Overall Bobby Q's was very good and we will for sure be back soon."
"So good! Stay there or take away the food is always good. It has a busy atmosphere, but it fits the place. I have not waited more than 15 minutes to be seated, even when they are busy."
"Ok I have to start off that I was initially going to give Bobby Q 3 stars until my wife filled out a Review and was responded promptly by the manager offering his apologies and a quick resolution. I was very impressed and changed my review to a 4. 

Ill start off with the decor of the restaurant. I really liked it and felt welcomed. It felt like a more upscale BBQ joint. 

We first ordered the Q rolls. These were simply amazing! They are brisket wrapped in tortilla then deep fried and accompanied by BBQ sauce and a chipotle mayo. 

We also got homemade corn bread while we waited for our entre
. 
We then had a 3 meat combo.  We choose pork, brisket, and sausage. When it came to the actual BBQ I thought it was good, but not blown away great. I thought the sausage was over smoked and I'm not a fan of chopped brisket. I like my brisket cut into long pieces. The pulled pork was solid but again nothing blew me away.  I liked the man n cheese but honestly thought the garlic mash pataoes were a lil tasteless though. I added a lot of pepper to give them some taste. 

Overall Bobby's was a great place to eat. The service was outstanding, our server was Shay. The Q rolls were amazing and the food was solid. I really liked the personal customer service after my wife's review. So the only thing keeping me from a 5 star rating is the actual BBQ. I will give it another chance and would like to try the ribs this time."
The place was busy but we were seated promptly.  Place was noisy  even with wooden  floors . Corn bread was flaky and light . I ordered their combo ribs . Baby back  ribs were great good flavor and the meat fell of the bones . St Louis  ribs were tender but a little salty. Corn on the cob was not on the cob and had too much butter . Cole slaw was average . Good portions  . First time eating  at the restaurant  in a long time.i would definitely try again . Our chicken was a little burnt.  Desert mud pie was very good and large enough  for 4 of us
"Bobby Q has consistently great food and service. Christin is one of the best and most attentive waitresses ever, going above and beyond by offering cherries to sweeten drinks and splitting food on separate plates (for a picky eater who doesn't like food touching). Their mixed drinks are delicious and everything from the salmon to the prime rib to the corn bread is delicious. If you come to Bobby Q you will never be let down!!"
"Had a great birthday dinner at Bobby Q's with my parents. We ordered the whole hog platter (~$49), which was perfect for the three of us with a small box of leftovers--St Louis ribs, Baby back ribs, brisket, sausage, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, and baked beans. The meat fell off the bones with ease and the mac and cheese was my favorite of the side dishes. Everything had lots of flavor!

Besides the delicious food, the customer service was wonderful and went above and beyond our expectations, which made our meal and experience even better. Our appetizer plates had some dried food on it so we asked for a new set. So the manager, who was very personable, came over and apologized and gave us, which we didn't expect. Our servers were great at giving us recommendations on the menu and helped us decide on mud pie for dessert, which was the perfect choice for us--be sure to leave room because it's a big slice!

Legit BBQ spot. Will be back again if I'm ever in town again!"
"The service was absolutely fantastic! The food and familial atmosphere was just as good. This place is definitely a must go for everyone in the Phoenix area. Having lived in the valley for over fifteen years we have driven by thousands of times, have been missing out."
"This place is great!!! I ordered the brisket sandwich 11/10 it totally exceeded my expectations. My server was great, he was very attentive to my table and didn't miss anything. The food did take a long time to come out but I can confidently say it was worth the wait. Great place to eat at, ranked in the top 30 bbq places in the country. Highly te"
"Solid food choices, great happy hour beer prices, and lots of room for large groups, Bobby Q's is one great place.  I had the 3 meat combo with baby backs, beef ribs, and brisket.  Ribs were tender and moist, and the brisket was fall-apart good.  My only complaint would be the sweetness of the BBQ sauce, but then they provide you with a spicy option at your table when the food comes out, so problem solved!

Bonus, when you check in on Yelp you get a 10% discount off your bill.  And props to our server Emmy, who did a great job dealing with 6 wise-ass baseball fans and kept our whole meal running smoothly.  I will DEFINITELY be back to Bobby Q's on future visits and I highly recommend it!"
"Awesome food I looked on yelp for a good spot to eat was craving steak but saw their famous st Louis ribs and got that instead, definitely the best choice I've made! my boyfriend ordered the steak and I had a bite also was the best steak I've had ! I'll definitely recommend this place to friends and family. Service was also great I sat in the bar on a Wednesday night which was busy but I was quickly served.. 6 stars if I could"
"Great food, as always.  We are regulars.  Jessica waited on us tonight.  Nice gal, good service."
"Best BBQ Brisket EVER!  Just went there for lunch and it was awesome as always.

Fast/friendly service, reasonable prices, excellent brisket and mac n' cheese!

Ohhh...and those lil donut things they give you after your meal. Soooo good!

Can't wait to go back!"
The staff was great and service was Estelle they. The three stars is for the food. While everything was good it was not amazing like I thought it would be. If we visit Phoenix again it would not be on my list to try again.
"We ordered Bobby Q for a party. From the very beginning, this was a great experience. They assisted in ordering the proper amount of food for the amount of people who were to attend. They showed up promptly to deliver the food and helped set it up. The food was delicious, everyone enjoyed the food, and there was enough for everyone. I highly recommend Bobby Q."
"Have never been disappointed! All the food I've had has been great and we always receive good service. The mac and cheese, ribs and potato salad are my favorites."
"Brisket had no smoke flavor, was overcooked and soggy.  Vegetables were ok, dessert was the best part.  To-go dept, of which if they have a dedicated person, did not think to include anything to eat with, or napkins.   Worst BBQ on record."
Always great food - never disappointed! Great service but come ready to wait at least 30 minutes for a table. Come hungry too!!
Had the cheese burger and the pulled pork sandwich. Both were pretty good.
"We had an incredible experience last night. My wife and I were motivated to go because of Yelp. I mean  there are an insane amount of 5 star reviews on this ""top 100"" restaurant. To summarize, the hype is real. This is a must try.

The food was amazing. Ordered the top sirloin cooked medium and ribs, with Mac and cheese, baked potato, and roasted corn for sides. They give you cornbread to start. 

Sirloin steak- perfectly aged, cooked, seasoned, and tender. FWIW, it rivals a lot of high end steakhouses. 

Ribs- right amount of sauce, balanced, not too tangy or sweet and it's slow cooked. The meat falls right off the bone.

Special mention on the Roasted corn and cornbread - the roasted corn was my favorite side. It came precut in a bowl,  not on the cob. But you could tell the corn was roasted from the appearance. naturally sweet and savory with minimal seasoning. The corn bread is out of this world. I have never had cornbread like this ever.  it's different in a very good way!

What had really made our visit special however was our server, Travis. We told him it was our first time and despite how busy it was he was extremely helpful, patient and friendly.  Travis really demonstrated his passion for his restaurant. He gave us a brief history on the Bobby Qs, made  great recommendations and even convinced us to try the dessert even though we were full. We would've regretted missing the out on the banana pie because it was amazing!

Will be back for sure. Might even have to move to Phoenix."
"I haven't been to Bobby-Q's in years. It was amazing. Great food! The mashed potatoes and stuffed potato were great. All of their potato products, really. Everyone was very courteous and made sure dinner went smoothly. Rishad was our server and treated us well, and on a busy night even. Thanks!"
"This was my first time here & lemme tell you, it did not disappoint. The service was impeccable, the atmosphere is so fun! We got complementary cornbread & it was so good omg. I got a couple sides: mac & cheese and the mashed potatoes. They were amazing & I highly recommend. It was our friend's birthday & she got a complementary dessert; it was super good too. Our server, Dustin, was fun & fresh. Love him! All in all, we had a great time & we'll definitely be back soon!"
"Came to one of my favorite place for dinner and got disappointed. They stop surviving my favorite drink 
No more shipwreck drink. . 
The rest is as good as usual . 
Got q- roles for appetizer- love it. 
And ribs for dinner. Enjoyed it as always . Desert was very big and very delicious"
best bbq i've ever had! i am moving to phoenix and can't wait to take my family and friends to try Bobby Q.  i am from san diego and for some reason ppl out there love Phil's bbq but wait til they try this place. Oh yea and their complimentary donuts are delicious
"Roll me out to the car! Tender brisket (delicate almond wood-smoked), delicious appetizers, generous servings, a surprise finish to the meal, and helpful friendly staff. We'll definitely be coming back on our next trip to Phoenix."
"We got off the plane from Minnesota and looked on Yelp for a good bbq.  We went with the recommendations and were so happy we did.  An amazing restaurant with great food and service.  Loved the corn bread muffins, pulled pork, Mac and cheese and hot doughnuts for dessert.  Loved it!!"
"Well the third burger wasn't the charm. The burger arrived woefully under cooked and dripping red juices - pretty gross. The manager and staff were really nice, offering to replace it, but I did not want to take a chance and ended up just eating coleslaw and some baked potato. Eventually, the manager did comp the entire meal and the cornbread and free donuts were all at their usual best. The brisket stuffed baked potato fared better. Itb was just an off night for the cook, so we will return."
"Great bbq!  They have the creamiest, sinful mac and cheese around!  The restaurant has good ambiance, we order take out from here quite often.  Must try it out!"
"Best BBQ in the valley!! 
I am very patyicular about my meat, and I had asked if they could make my beef brisket well done and lean. I received exactly that. My brisket did not have any fat (or any pink), just the way I prefer it. 
The food was INCREDIBLE. This is coming from a woman who knows her BBQ, having lived in Dallas for a few years. 
Great atmosphere indoors and out. We sat out on the patio, and I loved all of the little birdies flying around and begging for a crumb of my delicious cornbread. 
You definitely do not want to miss this place. Something for everyone, and the pricing is reasonable. 
I will be a return patron for sure!"
"Food was delicious and the service was amazing. Order was taken promptly with lots of great suggestions as it was our first visit. 

Steak was cooked perfectly to my liking and my wife's two-meat plate hit the spot for her! We started with the Q-rolls and finished with the apple cobbler. 

Definitely a place to try if you are looking for great BBQ!"
"This was Our first time here and it definitely won't be our last! The cornbread was delicious. We live in Gilbert and normally travel to Joes BBQ this was definitely worth the drive! Cameron F was our server and he was awesome, attentive and polite. If you're in the mood for BBQ this is definitely the place!"
"Review from a visit on 9/2/16, just getting around to it.  Found Bobby Q based on Yelp reviews.  We were in town to visit my son that just started at GCU.

As we walked up I was a little surprised at how dressed many of the people were.  They looked like they were going out clubbing.  Turns out, there is a night club/bar attached to the restaurant.  Seems many of the club goers had dinner then moved on to the club.  The club in no way ruins the dinner experience and you can never hear the music or even know the club is there.  The food was very good and the service was excellent.  We were a party of 9 and we were assigned 2 waiters.

If you are Gluten Free all of their sauces are GF and they have a GF menu.  Only bummer is that they don't have a GF version of their cornbread.  The meats are tasty, tender and juicy.  The sides are all generous portions and good.  All 9 people got different items and no one was disappointed.  For the non-meat eaters there was a good selection of seafood.  I will return on my next visit to AZ as good bbq is not always easy to find."
Nothing unique to say. Just great food with very good service. I usually get the fried chicken which is delicious.  The sides are also great. Every time we've been there with either a big group or just two or three everything is quick and courteous. It's very crowded on the weekend. Making reservations is a good idea.
Simply amazing. Server was really friendly and made us feel welcome. The Q rolls were delicious and so were the ribs.
"Wow...this restaurant is amazing. We were visiting from California and were looking for some good BBQ. We found this place on yelp, read the views, and decided to check it out.  The service was great, the waiters were friendly, thoughtful and very knowledgeable, and really went the extra mile in providing my large group with great customer service. 

The food was spectacular, made to order, served hot, and good portions. The ambiance was good as well, exhibiting warmth within a family-friendly atmosphere. 

The only downside to our experience was that we live in California, so we could only visit Bobby Q's when we travel to AZ.

For those wanting some of the best barbeque in the United States, try this place out!"
Great atmosphere and BBQ. I take my wife here on date night! The service never disappoints and don't forget the Mac and cheese side best I ever had!
Had their tacos and a glass of wine at happy hour.  It was delicious. Excellent value.  Friendly staff!
"There's no reason you should not go to this restaurant. Their food speaks for itself, my ribs fell off the bone and were absolutely delicious. The lemonade (frozen) blew my mind.
I went for my birthday and had a group of 12, the staff was unaware of this and still put us in a private room and my water cup was never empty."
"This is a great place to have some bbq. The cornbread in the beginning is so amazing. Lots of great options. They even have mini donuts to offer at the end.
Although the group of hostesses stared us down at our table because they were ready for us to leave.
Other than this, it was a great experience."
"Good food. I had the ribeye, it was delicious. The mac 'n cheese was very good, not mushy at all: just right. The corn was good, too good to be healthy (i.e. sweet and buttery).

My experience with the service was more of a mixed bag. I was waiting 10 mins before the waiter came. It was a minor thing but the manager put the appetizer on the house. Also I had ordered my steak medium-rare but the steak was closer to medium-well (the difference is the blood, medium-rare is a little bloody, medium is not). I mentioned it to the waiter and the manager put the steak on the house. Honestly, the steak was so good I did't care.

I would go again. 5 stars for the food, 4 stars for the service, and an extra star for effort."
"Best BBQ joint in the valley. The Q-Rolls were fantastic, I almost wish I had just gotten a couple orders of those for my meal. I split the choose two-meats (baby back ribs and beef brisket) and two sides (mac and cheese and corn) with my date which was a great deal and quite delicious."
"Definitely recommend this place, the food is AMAZING. However, the customer service is even better. Dustin is unbelievable. He took such phenomenal care of me and my husband making sure everything was perfect from start to finish. Not only that, but he memorized us from one time months ago. Thank you so much for your amazing service!"
Love their Mac and cheese. Also their barbecue ribs are really good. Very good price and good service it is always so packed.
"Omg some of the best food I have had in a long time. We ordered the Q rolls as an appitizer. This is basically a brisket egg roll, these were yummy. I ordered the 12 oz. Top sirloin,  I was a little disappointed that it was not quite the way I order it. The mac and cheese was just awesome. I dare say it was almost better than my dads. My husband order the sirloin as well and enjoyed it but didn't care for the shoestring fries. All in all a good meal."
"Love this place!! The pulled pork and the brisket are above average. That said, I couldn't find a smoke ring on the brisket. The sweet sauce is very good. The ""tangy"" is excellent. IMHO, the best sides are the Ranch Beans and the Mac n Cheese.... 

But, the St Louis Ribs are the reason to eat at Bobby-Q!! These baby back ribs are succulent and the meat falls right off the bone. They have the right balance between rub and sauce. The sweet and tangy flavors are what barbecue is supposed to be. I couldn't find the smoke ring under the rub and the heavy sauce. Sauce-less is not an option. Order an extra cup of the tangy sauce...

The cornbread is moist; a remarkable achievement since most places it's dry as a bone. Bobby-Q's cornbread is excellent and complimentary (Hint, hint to those from Nebraska who believe in charging for dinky little miniature cupcake-sized portions). It's even better with the whipped butter and/or honey on top...

Our waitress was knowledgeable and her service was top-notch. Our iced tea glasses were NEVER empty and she refilled the corn bread basket TWICE. (Hint, hint Nebraska...)

My only REAL complaint is the handicapped parking situation. The handicapped parking spaces are a couple hundred feet from the front door. I try to park out back near the ""Take-Out"" door. There are six spaces there. These spaces are approx 75 ft from the dining room doors, but are NOT reserved for the handicapped."
"Totally impressed by this place! We stopped from out of town as we were passing through Phoenix. First off, the staff is fantastic. So friendly, super responsive, and kind. So kind. I've never been a huge lover of BBQ but after eating here, I can't wait to come back! The brisket and pulled pork.... YUMM. The coleslaw is perfect, and the baked potatoes are so perfectly loaded. My boys thought it was very interesting that there was ice in the urinals.... ha ha. The manager even took the time to explain the reason for this!
Seriously, I can see why this place is rated so high. I can't wait to come back!"
"The only thing better than this delicious food was the service! We missed our flight in Phoenix and came here to visit a friend for dinner feeling kind of bummed about the flight. Kristin took amazing care of us and was super sweet! If you're going to eat here, make sure you request her!"
"As we went around the turn around to get to the restaurant the sweet bbq aromas hit our noses and we hoped the taste would match it...it did. The food was amazing!!

We chose to sit on the outside patio since it was a warmer day. The patio was beautifully decorated with a lot of water aspects. The staff was friendly and very attentive. My son opted for a cheeseburger and fries. My mother and I split a 2 meat platter. Baby back ribs, pulled pork, Mac n cheese, grilled veggies, and cornbread. The cornbread was served like an appetizer and had a sweet flavor and was very soft. The ribs were fall off the bone amazing and the pulled pork was to die for. We probably did not even need the sides but the Mac and cheese was thick and cheesy. The grilled veggies could have used a little seasoning but they were still pretty good. Oh let me not forget about sauce. It was sweet but not too sweet. We even tried the spicy which I don't think had a single hot element!!! I would definitely go back here!!"
Great food. The waitstaff is also very nice. Their beef ribs are the best I've ever had. The ribs were the meatiest I've ever eaten. I've had ribs at other places where the meet was skimping on them. But Bobby Q's beef ribs were excellent! You can actually pull the tender meat off of the ribs with a fork and knife.
"The security is very rude and disrespectful,  so are most of the managers.  I don't recommend anyone of color to go there because they are racist and they discriminate!!! This wasn't the first time it's happened to myself and a few others in line.  They say no flats on ladies night yet all the Hispanic chicks were flat boots, yet when my sister had them on they turned us away! DISCRIMINATON! !!!!! Who ever own this place needs new security, management ASAP or they will loose a lot of business. As long as your popping bottles they don't care.  Smh, the Damn food isn't even that great! If you're looking for a good time this isn't the place."
The Q Rolls and the Smokehouse Burger were absolutely fantastic. Will be returning very soon. Outstanding barbecue.
"Great food, loved the atmosphere. used to frequent this place back in the 80's when it was Bobby McGee's and then moved to California for 30 years. It was good then, and great now."
"Omg this was awesome! The only thing missing is tri tip. If they started smoking that, mmm... Mmm. They would have it made! Chelsea was our waitress. She was amazing. So funny and on top of her game! I would absolutely come here again and ask for her again!"
Great food and service! They take reservAtions on yelp which is an even better thing with kids . The Q rolls were amazing and cornbread! Catfish and ribs also!!
"Found this place on yelp and so happy I did! We're from California so we wanted to find a local place to eat. Delicious food, fun environment, and great service. The manager came to each table to say hi and to make sure everything was great. Coming back here tonight to bring my sister and her friends before heading back to California. A must try! Q rolls were yummy. Complimentary corn bread was delicious. Prime rib and ribs we ordered were so tender. Can't go wrong with any of the sides. All were tasty. Fresh hot Donuts are a nice treat at the end too! A+ in my book!!"
"First time at Bobby Q tonight. Read about it on MSN as one of the top 10 steakhouses in America. 

We arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday evening at t the place was hopping. We were seated right away tho. Our server, Amber, greeted us quickly. We were brought menus and cornbread as we made our drink orders. 

For entres we ordered the Ribeye with baked potato and side salad and I got the three meat combo. I ordered Brisket, Baby Back Ribs and a Hot Link. My sides were Mac N Cheese and Pecan Cole Slaw. It all came to $80 plus tip with two glasses of wine.

The entrees were good. The ribeye was cooked perfectly, had minimal gristle and was flavorful. The ribs were very tender. The brisket was good but personally I don't like BBQ sauce on my brisket but that's the way it came. The hot link had no snap but was tasty. 

The Mac n cheese was excellent but the slaw was very boring. Why five stars?  Good food, excellent service and decent value."
"This place was really good! I went in tonight with my parents and daughter and we literally enjoyed everything about our meals. I had a strawberry lemonade and the flavor was perfect. We started out with the calamari and it was nice and crispy. I really enjoyed mine dipped in the cocktail but the tartar sauce was good as well. I order the three meat platter and I absolutely loved the brisket! It just fell apart, hard to find. Even my daughters cheese pizza was tasty and a nice size portion. Lastly the little fresh donuts they give you at the end melt in your mouth!! The service was really good, many people walk around checking on you. Definitely will be coming back"
"I found this place with Yelp and thought I would give it a try. 

I was very impressed with the service. With the number of positive reviews I was afraid it may be packed so I made a reservation with open table.

We arrived and were immediately seated. It was busy, but for lunch doesn't look like a reservation is necessary.

Our server was amazing and I regret not getting her name. She was very attentive and I appreciated her questions. She asked if we were looking to rush in and out. It was a working lunch so we let her know we weren't in a big rush. She said she likes to ask in case we needed to be back within an hour.

We ordered our food I went with the St. Louis ribs and the Mac and Cheese as my side.

We had our food within 10 minutes.

The ribs were very tender and had a great taste. We were offered extra BBQ sauce which I enjoyed the flavor.

I was really surprised by the Mac and cheese. It was very good and my favorite part of my meal.

We stayed at our table for an hour and forty-five minutes.

We didn't want to be rude by taking up space, but they told us there was no rush and to enjoy our beverages and finish up our work.

Glad I found this place."
"Bobby Q was recommended by the hotel we were staying at, The Sheraton. It was .5miles away, glad we decided to give it a shot. We walked in and were immediately greeted. They sat us down and Kevin was our server who immediately came up and took our drink & appetizer order. Moscow mule, Iced tea, waters and something called a Q roll (deep fried tortilla with machaca beef) recommended by Kevin. The wife and I ended up sharing the 3 meat combo (baby back ribs, brisket & sausage) with mashed potatoes & Macaroni and cheese! EVERYTHING was delicious!!!! Best BBQ we've ever had, hands down! Next time we're out this way or know anybody who's coming out here, we will definitely recommend you all! Kevin, you are a stud and appreciate your hustle and attentiveness. You deserve a raise buddy!"
"Wow! So, food is great (and I like BBQ), and the decor is cool, but what truly blew me away was the service. Top notch, five-star customer service from everyone, start to finish. These guys rock!"
Yep-it's all that and a bucket of fries!!! We ordered the Hog Heaven and it fed four of us perfectly. The corn bread pucks were delicious as were the mini cinnamon sugar donuts we were given at the end of the meal. We've had BBQ all over the US and Bobby Q definitely ranks top 10 ! If you're in the Phoenix area and need good BBQ GO HERE! Friendly staff and even the manager stopped by to make sure we were happy!
"My husband and I ate here for dinner 8/10/13. This was not our first time eating here and it will not be our last time either. We love the smokehouse burger, best burger ever. And the potato salad is amazing. With the suggestion of the awesome server (Sierra) that we had, I ventured to the mac n cheese as my side. WOW! That mac n cheese is so freaking creamy and cheesy, but it is not over kill either. I still nibbled on my husbands potato salad, but I am such a fan of it that I could not resist. They also have cornbread here before the meals, now I do not like cornbread so it did take me a couple visits of my husband telling me to try it before I actually did, and now I am mad that it took me so long and look forward to it every time!! 
The smokehouse burger is simply amazing! SO flavorful and juicy and deliciousness on a plate with bacon and cheese and BBQ sauce! LOTS of goodness all in one. 
We have never had a bad experience here, everyone is always in such a good mood and so willing to be a team and help each other so when I say that Sierra was simply wonderful, I am also complementing the entire staff :) 
Now for dessert....they bring out fresh house made (which everything here is house made) hot donuts! Save room because if you take them to go you are doing it wrong! YUM! I cannot wait to go back and eat there again."
"Fantastic food, service, and those mini donuts at the end are to die for.  Go check it out and you will NOT be disappointed."
i had some amazing corn bread with the pork...beans on the side. This place kicks ass. The food was on point and the service was automatic. my drink got filled before i could ask. Extra napkins brought right on schedule.  Lots of waiters an waitress...and great place to eat. Hate it because its there and not here.
"This restaurant has the best Baby Back Ribs and Mac& Cheese in town.
Our server, Tyler, was excellent with his service.  He knew what to expect from us and when to expect them.  I rate this establishment 5 stars with the quality of food and service."
I heard a lot about this place and their bbq ribs & sauce. I finally ate here and well...I rather go to famous dave's but their mac & cheese is good :)
Good food my family ordered catfish and ribs. We were satisfied. Service was good as well.
Love this family owned restaurant! Great service and best baby back ribs ever!!  My Texan husband agrees!!!
"Service from the bartender and server was outstanding.  I've given an extra star for the service.

Yelp reservations worked like a champ and the server did honest the Yelp check in discount.  (She forgot to add it the first time I asked about it - not the end of the world.)

Ordered the Whole Hog Heaven.  All in a good value for two peeps.  Ribs were good as well as the pulled pork.  The brisket?  The brisket was a consistency that I have never experienced.  It was a bit like the consistency of mashed potato.  As a WSM owner, I've made my fair share of brisket and pulled pork.  I've never turned out a spongy brisket.

Ribs were fall off the bone which is all about marketing.  For fellow BBQ fans, we know that this means over cooked.  

Perhaps it was just an off night for the brisket?  All in I would go again."
"This is Arizona's best kept secret. Yelp helped us find this place and the reviewers helped us choose our meal. The Best BBQ ever! I highly recommend Bobby Q.

I agree with the reviews that the Mac 'n Cheese is amazing, the St Louis was my favorite and I was impressed with how moist the pulled pork was. The corn bread they give your table is amazing.

They treated us amazingly from the minute we arrived until we left, and even gave us a bag of sweet mini doughnuts to go as a treat.

We'll definitely come by one more time before we leave Arizona. Two thumbs up."
"My family & friends were visiting from out of town and randomly stopped by to have dinner at Bobby Q's in Phoenix Az. Not sure what to expect, we were blown away by the best service we have ever experienced, anywhere!  Not only was the service exceptional, the food was absolutely delicious! I'm a pretty picky eater and the food was beyond what I expected.  We all shared. We ordered ribs, prime rib, pulled pork, and the amazing Q's for an appetizer. We finished with a mud pie and banana freeze dessert.  While waiting to be sat all the way to finishing our meal, we were educated about the extensive preparation that goes into their food, Bobby Q's brewed beer (which was very good!), and all of the ways they prepare all of the food on the menu.  A HUGE thank you to manager Jack Lineberger!!  He was awesome and made our experience awesome enough to post on Yelp.  Thank you Jack!  We will stop by the next time we are in town!"
baby back ribs. mashed potatoes. mac n cheese. enough said! We bring all our visitors here. ahhhhhhmazzzingggg. Can't go wrong.
This is definitely my favorite Steakhouse in Arizona been having a rough year so far my wife decided to bring me to cheer me up David is a new waiter but he is awesome this kid definitely deserves a raise went above and beyond
"We saw this place on Yelp while visiting from Washington state! IM SO GLAD WE CAME!  Not only was the food AMAZING, but Travis our water was friendly and knowledgeable!! Highly recommend the Q rolls!!"
"I've been here several times and I have never been disappointed. Brisket is delicious and perfectly tender. I've also had the pulled chicken and the catfish, both good. All the sides I've tried are tasty, the Mac and cheese is out of this world. They start with fresh cornbread that is also amazing. I grew up hating cornbread, but somehow decided to try it here, and now I'm hooked! The fresh mini donut things at the end of your meal are great too. It's great for lunch or dinner. I haven't been to their night club but I have eaten in the restaurant while the club was open. The club has a dress code which I did not meet, but I figured it didn't matter since I wanted eat. The bouncer gave me a funny look when I approached, obviously I can't wear jeans here! But then I explained that we just wanted to dine in the restaurant and he was more than happy to let us in. They also have a full bar, some good craft local beers on tap and decent cocktails. The atmosphere is really cool, inside and out in the outdoor seating area. You can't go wrong with this pace!"
"I just had lunch at Bobby Q's.  The employees were very friendly and prompt.  I had a 2-meat platter with st louis ribs, spicy sausage, mac/cheese and roasted corn.  Everything was delicious, and they accepted the 10% coupon without even looking at it.  I only gave it 4 stars because even with the discount, it was double what the same meal would have cost me at a Texas BBQ place of equal quality. :P"
"This is our first time here from California and can we say that from the first question I asked my server to my last bite of brisket I have been so pleased and in awe of this food. The manager stepped to our table and checked on us, which is how a manager should be. Overall great way to start our vacation!!! Worth the drive! Request Tasha for service !!!!!"
this place is nutz!  just come here... so much nom!
If your looking for a new BBQ place to try this is a must! I highly recommend the baby back ribs and the brisket oh and their Mac and cheese! Friendly staff as well. David did such a great job!
"Ashlynn was our server. She provided excellent service with useful suggestions about our meal.

We had the winning combination of catfish with prime rib, roasted corn, grilled vegetables, and baked potatoes. And of course, some corn bread to begin the meal.

Overall, the highlight of the meal was the prime rib and the catfish. Both were cooked perfectly and seasoned as it should be. Roasted corn was a little more on the buttery side, but still tasted flavorful. Grilled vegetables were a little skimpy. Baked potato was a baked potato.

We ended with complimentary house made donuts. Not just one...a bag of mini donuts!!"
"Omg, best eating in Phoenix, AZ, pay a little more than usual for a plate however it will be well worth your money, for taste and portions."
What a hidden gem. I have seen the billboard off the freeway but never thought to stop & try it. One day we finally did & now we have a new restaurant. Food is excellent! Great atmosphere. Every time we have been the staff go above & beyond.
"Stopped for lunch during a long day on the road, and so glad we did! Atmosphere is just right for a much-needed break. Clientele appeared to be mostly working professionals on their lunch break. The free cornbread is the best I've had--fluffy, with the perfect amount of sweetness. I ordered the brisket sandwich w/ beans and wife ordered the St. Louis ribs lunch special w/ coleslaw; both meals were outstanding. Water was frequently refilled without having to ask. Waiter and manager were both very friendly. This is a well-run, well-led restaurant. Kudos!"
Best BBQ in the valley!  The mac-n-cheese is the perfect.  Their gravy is amazing.  And the service is excellent!  We love this place.
This place is soooo incredible. Brisket and ribs absolutely gangster. Amazing find and easily some of the top BBQ in Arizona . Waitress Julie is a sweetheart. 10/10 would recommend. Can't wait to go back
Simple bar atmosphere at night (pretty pricey). As for lunch/dinner - Good service. Amazing food. Perfect house beer. I've been here a million times and have never been disappointed.
We (4) ordered the combo platter Whole Hog Heaven $51. The baby back ribs fall off the bone. The beef brisket melts in your mouth. Very delicious. One of best BBQ I had.
"This was the last stop of a girls weekend before we all headed back home. Travis our waiter, was great at service and answering all our questions. The food was excellent. I will bring my family here when we return. I ordered the pork ribs, which were tender and not too much sauce on them. Our table opted to try all three sauces, all were good, but my personal favorite was the spicy one. The fries were a little too salty for my liking, which was probably a good thing since I didn't stuff myself with them. Unbeknownst to us, the meal ended with hot mini donuts rolled in cinnamon and sugar, all packed in to-go bags."
"Very busy, very lively. Most of the experience was absolutely wonderful. Kept getting annoyed by a house fly in the patio, and the water feature noise, but quickly seated inside when I asked. The food was obviously delicious as you can see from other reviews. It was a bit pricey, but I was NOT visiting such a lovely restaurant without getting the steak. Worth every penny and the place was so charming I'd definitely go there for any occasion. 

Quick note: as I was leaving the manager asked how everything was, and handed me a small package which when I opened - when I got home - turned out to be the most delicious tiny doughnuts. From beginning to end a HUGE wow."
"Whoa. Holy mother of all BBQ goodness, this place is heaven! 
I had the beef brisket, which I requested lean cut, and it was absolute perfection. Juicy, tender, beefy perfection on a plate. The cornbread is amazing as an addition...or a whole meal, if you like and appreciate bread as much as I do. 
I also LOVED sitting outside on the patio, because there were little birdies flying around, and one landed on our table for some cornbread crumbs I left for him. If you aren't a fan of sharing your dining experience with nature, they have a beautiful indoor dining room as well. 
All in all, a place I WILL be frequenting! A+++"
"Love this place.  Ate at Booby Q Friday night.  It was busy but we were seated promptly.  Service was excellent and the food arrived quickly.  The steak was excellent.  This place has great management and staff.  It is no wonder it is consistently busy.

Highly recommended."
The interior is awesome the service is a wonderful it's very high-class very clean very welcoming in general it's really good barbecue I just have had far better barbecue for a lot cheaper. I would definitely suggest it to someone but not before I suggest about three or four different barbecue places first.
"Any one who gives this place more than 3 stars is taste bud deficient. Lesson #1: good BBQ has some smoke to the meat (this place has NO smoky flavor to their meat)
Lesson #2: there was no smoke ring that denote it spent any time cooking low and slow like they advertise. 
Lesson #3: the meat fell of the bone (Great BBQ is removed from the bone, not fall off the bone. Kansas City BBQ Society rules)
I suspect that the baby back ribs I was served were first boiled, then placed on the grill right before it was slathered with raunchy sauce.
The only reason it got 2 stars was because our waitress was fabulous, giving great service with nice atmospheres."
We had an awesome dinner with4 other friends tonight  all enjoyed our meals  so much food the corn bread is awesome and the warm donuts at the end of the meal  are amazing   i did think my potato was a little dry and you could tell by the cheese but other than that  i would still go back  our waiter was Hunter he was as good as the meal  so nice and kind and very helpful   he had a very Happy personality...
The most delicious and awesome bbq place you can ever have. The difference between this place and any other is not only the service but the different kind of ribs and sauces. The cornbread and other side dishes are wonderfully made fresh and tastes like it as well.
"Ok, I read all the reviews and I hate to swim against the current, my experience just wasn't that great. 1st off the restaurant is super loud, so not a great place to have a conversation, 2nd, I ordered the Brisket and I Love Brisket, but I didn't love it here. I got a huge helping of gelatinous cartilage and fat, and a small helping of actual meat. Now burnt ends are again one of my favorites, but there really weren't any of those dry crunchy ends packed with flavor one would expect. And the small amount of what i did actually eat consisted of 3 unflavorful bites. Lacking any real smoke flavor or even basic seasoning. In my opinion they hope their bbq sauce will give you the flavor the meat is desperately needing. The wait staff where great and the mac nd cheese was super creamy. Other then that, they would have rated a 2. Eat and live well my friends."
"We have never been greeted any better any other place.  The waiter was, as the hostess, most cordial, neat, clean, courteous and showed delight and satisfaction to assist us.  The food was excellent.

We dine out frequently and have NEVER had any better service.  We had an assortment of BBQ and each item was outstanding.  To make it better, the prices are extremely competitive.

The total experience was impeccable.  I never though I would say this but, there was no room for improvement.  The owner and management must be commended for have such  a complete package.

Worth the 45 minute drive."
"One of the best BBQ places I have been to! I usually order the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese as my side. The mac and cheese is to die for! My husband and I came in the other night and the service was incredible. The cornbread was phenomenal as well! We ordered our food and it was out in about 6 minutes, never has that happened to us at any restaurant. The food never disappoints and I would recommend this place to anyone who loves a good BBQ!"
"Loved it! It was more than enough! For our little family, order the 3 meats w/ sides if youre a big eater i recommend the ""hog heaven"""
Nice place and everyone's very friendly. I sat at the bar and has a drink and menu in front of me within the minute.  Ordered the lunch bbq brisket special. The bartender recommended the mac and cheese as a side.  Within a few minutes cornbread came out and my food a minute or two behind.  The brisket was okay and the BBQ sauce was good.  The bartender asked if I wanted more sauce and brought me the spicy as per my request.  Sauce was good but no where near spicy.  The mac and cheese was extremely good and the cornbread has a good not overly sweet flavor.  I would give 4.5 stars based on the brisket bland taste.
Bobby Q's is an excellent place for family dinner. Workers are very friendly from the start and makes you feel very comfortable. Corn bread is delicious! By far the best barbecue I've had so far in Arizona. To top it off they give you free old fashioned donuts as treats to take home. Add in reasonable prices and you've got a pretty great place. I highly recommend their Q rolls!
"This is by far the best bbq I have found in this desert valley. I love the ribs and the catfish is awesome! Take some of the bbq home, its like crack, everyone loves it."
"My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner last night. It was our first time here, but we wanted to try a new place and after seeing the reviews (and how many reviews) we had to try it. We were both beyond impressed. There wasn't a wait since it was a Monday night, but I could see it being packed on a weekend. 

We ordered the Q Rolls appetizer and each got a cocktail. My boyfriend said his tasted a little weak but overall they were both very tasty and mine was not weak. I had the Peach Tea and I can't recall what his was. The Q Rolls appetizer was absolutely amazing. I can't recommend that enough.

For the entree, we decided to go with Whole Hog Heaven because we had no idea how huge it was. We got baby back ribs, beef ribs, rotisserie chicken, beef brisket, mashed potatoes, mac n' cheese, and shoestring fries. 

Right after we ordered, two pieces of cornbread came out with a side of butter. This was SO delicious. Shortly after, our meal came out. Let me say again how HUGE this was. I tried to pick up a piece of brisket with a fork and it was so tender I couldn't pick up the whole piece at once. I specifically wanted the baby back ribs originally as they're my favorite and they were easily the best I've ever had. Meaty and tender with an amazing taste. I suggest asking for some extra BBQ sauce for the table but the meats are delicious with or without it. 

There was so much extra that we both have enough for lunch and probably even dinner tonight. I'll be eating lunch soon and can't wait! 

They brought out a piece of ice cream cake for my birthday (vanilla ice cream with chocolate cake and a walnut fudge icing). Delicious but I was too stuffed to eat more than a few bites of it. 

After we paid, they brought us a little bag of these mini cinnamon sugar donuts which I tried this morning with breakfast. Very tasty especially considering they were next-day donuts. 

The service was great throughout the whole meal. Unfortunately I forgot the server's name but she was quick and attentive. Needless to say, we were very pleased and can't wait to go back."
Barbecue is the best. Everything here is good. Mac and cheese here is my favorite! Love the corn bread too...
"The prime rib is the best Ive ever had!!
Awesome crust and a thick cut of meat unlike some places. Amazing mashed potatoes, corn, and corn bread. I was in heaven eating that meal! Soooooooo goooood!"
"Im from KC so my standards for BBQ are high. Bobby Q's isn't pretty bad BBQ. I had the St Louis ribs and the Baby Back ribs for lunch. Both were full of fat and grissle. To much BBQ sauce. I could not finish eating them

The service was not that good.  I think we were doing the sever a favor eating at one of his tables."
"Delish!! Pulled pork was tender, great flavor, daughter loved her hamburger. The sides are fresh and taste great. Little pricey, but service is great."
Hands-down the best barbecue in town!  Our server Alicia was wonderful .
"Great bbq, great atmosphere , love the mini warm bread at the end... family country style, amazing ribs.... delicious lemonade"
"Great food! But let me say something about the club nights.... A $15 cover charge!!! $15 fucking dollars for what? Fuck them! And then they have the nerve to put a fucking tip jar by the girls collecting money just sitting on their asses taking money. Why the fuck would I tip you to take my money, what are you actually doing? Ill probably never come back to the so called ""club"" here ever again. And I hope anyone reading this takes it into careful consideration that you are being royally fucked up the ass to pay those prices. Peace!"
What's not to love about Bobby Q?  It really is a perfect place for all occasions. The outside seating is beautiful & the servers are very friendly. The best part though is the food. Although prices can be a bit pricey it is way worth it. They have big portions & the food is really well made. Highly recommend.
"Best barbecue in the west! And I can say that because I'm from the south where we barbecue everything!! My husband had a few of their donuts at work and wanted is to go try it. They have a ton of great reviews so we wanted to see what the hype was about. The decor was very interesting and then they brought cornbread to the table!! OMG I fell in love with it and my husband knew it! Out very knowledgeable waiter brought more along with our Qrolls, I was in love all over again!!! Now by this time I was full but when I saw my brisket baked potato come to the table I was ready for a Togo book but I tasted one piece of that brisket and well RIP to that potato!!! They offered desert bet I was to ashamed to order anything else. I LOVE BOBBY Qs and will be back as many times as I can!!"
"Out of all the restaurants in the area I decided to go to Bobby Q's for my birthday today. There was no birthday praise or anything, felt like I should have spent my money at a place that would at least make me feel special on this special day"
"Our server was amazing, I was pleasantly surprised. Everything in our meal when smoothly, he was ready everything we asked for something and we actually never had to ask for refills on our drinks because he was always keeping an eye out even when we didn't notice. The manager came around and introduced himself and asked how our meal was. Everything was amazing and the low lights, seating, and decor was PERFECT. This was our first time and it will NOT be our last!"
"Best BBQ we've had, brisket and pulled pork!!  Staff are friendly and service was superb.  Highly recommended."
"Buffalo wings were great and the beef ribs and corn bread were super yummy.  My steak was decent, it didn't taste like it was aged over 60 days.   Food was served very quick and like other reviewers mentioned, location is not that obvious."
Food is really good and huge! Rishad was our server. Rib meat is falling off the bone!
"Still Fantastic. 

Brisket, baby back ribs, and rotisserie chicken are all the best you can get.  The whole hog heaven is the way to go. 

Servers are superb. Austin, our server today, is one of the best."
Native Californian visiting and was not disappointed! BBQ was so amazing no matter what I tried. Meat was always tender and easily pulled apart with a fork. Sauces were full of flavor but some of the meat wouldn't even need it since they were knock outs all on their own. I'd love to visit the area again and stop to eat here without a doubt.
"Best BBQ in Arizona, Texas beef ribs are outstanding! Customer service is great and I love the ambiance. Pricey but worth every penny!"
First time visit. I thought the price would be outrageous but compared to other Bar b que places you get what you pay for here. Amazing baby back ribs and huge loaded baked potatoes. Sarina was an awesome server and very knowledgeable about the entire menu. This was an exhilarating culinary experience. Will most definitely be back.
"My girlfriend and I spent $25 on sandwiches late on a Wednesday night.  It was absolutely delicious, the beef brisket and the pulled chicken both.  The manager made a point to greet us, and everything about the place was great.  It was slow and close to closing time, but they never gave the vibe that they were in 'shutdown' mode for the night, which can happen when you go to a place close to closing on a weekday.  Would strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for awesome BBQ.  The mini donuts you get on the way out were a nice surprise!  Felt like something a classy NYC place would do, very nice touch."
"I think this is probably my favorite bbq I've ever been to. Vegas is not much of a bbq city, so I didn't know how good bbq could taste until I came here. Like no matter which meat we got, the bone was soft enough to cut with a fork. I think my fave was the beef ribs, it was HUGE and the sauce complimented it well. The portion to cost ratio is pretty good too. Our wallet didn't die from getting all of this food. I eat A LOT and I had to bring some togo :,)"
"Another wonderful meal at Bobby-Q. Food, service,  vibe always excellent. It's our favorite bar-b-q place in the valley. You could be guaranteed you won't disappointed!"
"I've had ribs everywhere, and NEVER better than here!  Wow!  St Louis or Babybacks, you can't go wrong. Awesome service and great drinks too. Oh, and the Cajun shrimp app was super-authentic. This place was a true highlight of our Phoenix vacation. My son wants to make it an annual pilgrimage. Don't miss!"
"This is going to be a short review - because, well, my husband was not feeling well (not related at all to the restaurant) - but can I just say - WHAT GREAT SERVICE!! So sweet and accommodating.  My fried chicken was a juicy delight, the mashed potatoes that came with it were full of flavor.  Only complaint - bathrooms were a little scary."
"Hands down, some of the best slap your mama bbq I have ever had. Simply amazing. The server was awesome, energetic, and fun to boot. I will make it back..."
"Been a few times, food is good and the staff is nice. I'm not huge into BBQ but I would recommend theirs, yummy!"
"Always amazing! I used to work there and I miss the food! Good people, good food, and they aren't stingy with portions."
"My wife and I and friends have eaten here many times. Great BBQ. Great steaks   Excellent grilled vegetables. Priced ver reasonably for what you get. Free fresh donuts after your meal. Only downside .......when it gets busy or near full, hostess staff has a difficult time contacting and seating waiting guests. I have been waiting a couple of times and been skipped over. Overall the food is great!!"
Omg the best bbq ribs I have had. Must try if you like juicy fatty ribs. I love the fat melting off the ribs.
"This place wrote the book on how to run a business! Any business - not just a restaurant. The food was very good (brisket sandwich and pulled pork sandwich), but not the best I have ever had. BUT the whole experience was probably the best I have ever had in a restaurant. Started out getting 4 corn ""muffins"" (I don't know what these hockey puck shaped things were called but they were delicious.) We did not expect this since we were getting sandwiches. 
Awesome server (Vince) was genuinely nice as well as efficient. Two managers came by in the short time we were there, enthusiastically encouraging us to get drink refills (after already getting several without asking) and wanting opinions about food and service. Then, not getting dessert and ready to leave, we were presented with a bag of fresh warm donut holes...a LOT of donuts. 
The whole experience was outstanding and was right up there with all our memories of our week in Arizona."
"If anyone ever needs a great place to come for lunch (or even impress clients who don't mind getting their fingers messy), then come to Bobby Qs. Aside from the great BBQ, they also offer daily lunch specials. My favorite is the Wednesday Prime Rib sandwich special which may well be the best sandwich I have ever had. I also recommend the Monday Chicken Club sandwich and the Thursday spicy meatloaf. They also have a Tuesday ""Qban"" (Cuban) sandwich and a Friday fish special. Pretty easy access too, right off the I-17. Just get off at either Northern, then head north on 27th av, or at Dunlap, then head back south on the I-17 frontage road. All I ask is that if you come on Wednesday, please leave a prime rib sandwich for me!"
"The service and food here are unmatched! If you are in the mood for BBQ this is the place to go. We had the three meat combo and three sides, it was more than enough for two people. We even had left overs. If you visit make sure to try the Q Rolls!"
"To give a brief background, my fianc and I just moved to the valley from Tennessee where BBQ and southern cookin' is done right. I had read a lot of great reviews about this place and since my soon-to-be hubby is a self-proclaimed BBQ connoisseur, I decided to take him here as a spontaneous mid-week treat.

It's a pretty neat location.. They definitely  nailed down-home, country vibe that they were going for. 

I wouldn't say the food was sub par by any means, but it didn't knock our socks off like the authentic, southern eats we're accustomed to. Sweet tea was off, mild BBQ sauce was WAY to sweet. Meat was okay, but nothing amazing. Service was decent. Mac n cheese was money. 

My guess is that the people who typically  eat here haven't lived in the South where this type of food is an absolute art form.

This location isn't particularly close to where we live so probably won't be back anytime soon but we are curious to try out Little Miss next!"
It was awesome. We had the prime rib and ribs. The were tender and very tasty.  The pecan slaw was very good too.  Our server Victoria did a lovely job too. Highly recommend
"Ordered the ribs, they were really delicious! The BBQ sauce that came on the meat was awesome as well. My date and I ordered the baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs and the beef brisket. 

I guess my only complaint is that the ribs were too tender for my liking, completely falling off the bones - making it hard to eat them. 

Sides were bomb, mac and cheese was delicious and the corn was great. 

I would definitely come back here to eat - but might consider what other BBQ options there are before, simply in the sake of trying something new.. not because I was disappointed here at all! Great food and really fantastic service."
"Solid BBQ joint! My main issue is that it feels like a chain place (which is really just my own mental silliness). 

My friend and I shared the Hog Heaven platter for $50 and it did not disappoint. Choice of 4 meats and 3 sides was more food than we could handle (leftovers were eaten for 2 days after). The meat was all tender, the rib meat fell right off the bone. I'd say the beef brisket was my favorite, which is funny because it's usually pork! Our sides were all good, but the veggies could have been a little better. I would suggest scaling down the ""variety"" and just sticking to 2-3 different types so you get more than just 1 of each veggie. 

Well done on the corn bread snack! 

I would return but will probably try another BBQ joint first."
Excellent service.. the wait was not that long but totally worth the wait. Thank you Bobby Q for a great experience! Waitress and manager were so attentive!
Pretty good food and service.  Ate here with my family and they also enjoyed their meal.
"If you like meat, Go here. I got the 3 meat combo. It was big. It takes 2 to down this. The staff at the bar was great. Also the manager stopped by. Cool place to go. Food was really good. Eat people, eat here."
"Went to Bobby Q's for dinner with some friends and have mixed reviews about their food.  

I had their Burger and it was 5+ stars!  It was a mouth fun fest from start to finish. The meat was smokey and very tasty.  Well done, but I was OK with that. The sides of Mac and Cheese were some of the best I've ever tasted and their seasoned fries were awesome!

My friend had their pulled pork sandwich and it was 2-3 star rating. It was bland tasting and needed lots of their BBQ sauce for flavor. Their coleslaw was also missing a flavor punch, so he added some hot sauce to help it out.  The donuts were ""meh"" a little too greasy and needed the tons of sugar.  Why make them if they are just ""meh"", your cornbread is much better!  

Looking forward to trying their ribs, surf & turf and banana cake on my next visit!"
Best Mac 'n cheese in town! Their cornbread and Q rolls are also a huge hit with my family. Good service. Good atmosphere. Reasonable pricing.
"Traveling from Vegas for our vacation, then serching for BBQ dinner, and fortunatly found our BEST bbq place."
"Definitely order the Q- Rolls as an appetizer. They made me think of a barbecue egg roll. So good! Right as we finished off those, the waiter dropped off 2 sweet, warm, delicious cornbread cakes. The fried chicken was good, but not great. The roasted corn and mashed potatoes were very good. Potatoes came without gravy and I would probably ask for some next visit. My husband enjoyed his steak. It was cooked perfectly and tender. The coleslaw was was good, as was his very cheesy Mac and cheese."
Ordered the fried catfish and wasn't the best but Kristy the manager offered me the chimichuri shrimp and broccolini and was delicious. Very good customer service. We definitely recommend it.
"What a great place. The manager Laura greeted us and she was so friendly that it just set the tone of the rest of our lunch. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Had the sampler and the baby backs and if I had to pick, the pulled pork was our favorite. Corn bread was great as was the potato salad. Apple cobbler was great as well. Will definitely return if I'm ever in Phoenix again!"
"First time at Bobby Qs! Four of us went for a birthday dinner last . We had the baby backs, sirloin steak and prime rib. Also baked potatoes, coleslaw and corn (buttery roasted corn shaved off the cob). And of course the corn bread and donuts. Everything was DELICIOUS! I was skeptical about getting the prime rib because at many places it can be really fatty and you end up not getting much meat. Not here! The waiter (Josh) assured me it was a lean cut of meat, and it was! Very tender and flavorful. The steaks were perfectly cooked and the ribs were tender with not too much sauce. (The ribs were not ""mush"" like other reviewers have said.) They also treated us to a piece of yummy banana cream pie as a birthday treat (the crust was thick and nutty) - tastefully presented with no annoying restaurant staff choir. It was very nice. 

All that being said, the outside of the building and the inside don't match. We used to go to Bobby McGees so I did sort of expect the old Bobby McGees atmosphere - with old bathtubs and mismatched furniture... it was a goofy, fun place back in the day. Now the interior is just nice. Not that that's bad. 

Oh, and we mentioned Yelp and got a 10% discount. :)"
The BBQ is delicious!!! I also loved that their cocktail menu had so many different drinks. I tried a couple and they were so good! Definitely recommend!
Ok I am going to try and get through this fast because I am heading into a food coma and quick. So my friend and I had dinner tonight and we were seated by the lovely manager Rennie who was just so delightfully cheerful. Then we got the best server in the place Jack. I decided to change it up and get something other than the ribs so I chose the two meat combo. OMG the  pork and brisket was to die for and I was not disappointed at all. My food was full of flavor and the meat was tender and juicy you could cut it with a fork. I had chose this plate because my friend ordered the same and she made it sound so good and I was not sorry for not ordering the ribs which are oh so delicious as well. Jack was quick and on top of keeping our drinks filled and making sure we were taken care of so if you decide to dine here ask for him. When we had finished our meal we were pretty full and had opted not to have dessert but Jack was such a sweetie and came out with this heavenly chocolate ice cream cake. I was so full but this cake was just so darn good. I am home now happy and full with my puppy who is licking my bbq scented face lol. I had an extraordinary dining experience and will undoubtedly be back very soon. Sorry no pics were taken because the food was too good I forgot :) next time though.
"Off the charts. Don't know where to start!  Well first of all the service was was fantastic. So inviting and like you were at a good relatives house!  Hostess, server and manager all present and attentive. Then there is the food. We split baby backs with an onion block. Too yummy to describe. Ribs came with two sides and a choice of spicy or regular. Spicy was just right. We finished with complementary Mimi home made donuts that you see being made as you come in the door. There were 2 in our party and I think we are taking over half of our lunch. Oh and did I say come hungry!  This is a do over and bring back hungry friends."
"It is hard to find a place with good food and good service but Bobby Q delivers both. Clara was our server and she was possibly the best waitress we ever had anywhere. We had the Q-rolls which were like large taquitos with the tenderest brisket inside.   You get 6 and it is large enough for a meal. We also shared the lunch combo plate with baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, and pulled chicken. It is obvious they don't boil their ribs like other places. They claim to slow smoke them for at least 18 hours and I believe it. We had the Mac and cheese for a side and it was creamy and the noodles were just right and not mushy. The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the banana cream pie. It was tasty and the crust was delicious, but the consistency was odd. I highly recommend this place for BBQ."
"I wish there were at least vegetarian substitutes for even one meal. I ended up with a side of mac n cheese, and a ""vegetarian"" pizza that looked like it was assembled by a child, and tasted like flour and regret. Not really satisifying. Not worth the money. The 10% off coupon with yelp was a redeeming quality, at least."
"Me and my wife visited here for the first time last night. We started off with the Q rolls which was heaven rolled into a tortilla, one of my new favorite appetizers hands down. For dinner my wife ordered the 12oz steak with mashed potatoes and Mac n' cheese. The steak was cooked EXACTLY how she likes just the right amount of pink, juicy, and melt in your mouth amazing. The mashed potatoes were seasoned to perfection and she couldn't get enough of the Mac n cheese. I ordered the half rack of ribs and fries however when they brought our food they had accidentally brought out a crusted cod. I politely voiced the mistake and our server handled everything professionally and immediately corrected the order and even let us keep the cod and brought my ribs out. The ribs...I cannot stress how perfect my ribs were. I consider myself a rib lover. I order ribs at almost every restaurant that serves them and these ribs were hands down best ribs Iv ever had in my life! The meat would literally fall off the bone when you picked it up. The perfect amount of fat, no chewy parts at all, and the BBQ sauce was smothered all over. The meat just melted in your mouth. After dinner the manager came out to make sure we were taken care of and gave us free dessert for the mistake that was made. At no point in time was I disappointed in the service. Everything was spot on. This place is my new favorite place to eat in all of phoenix! I will most definitely be back again and again and again!"
This place is AMAZING!! First time here and I am so impressed! The food and the service is great. Our food came out so quick I was so surprised. From the time we sat down to the time we left we felt like everyone in the restaurant truly cared about our experience. Hands down best BBQ I've probably ever had! Can't wait to go back!
"Corn muffins were. Delicious before lunch snack!!!  Ordered the QLina pork sand which because the coke slaw is served on top just as I like it. The pork was tender, juicy and flavorful. I also had shoestring fries which were hot and crisp. They were so good. The grilled corn was also delicious. The staff was friendly and so helpful. Highly recommend this place!"
"Great service from extremely friendly staff. Military discount and great food. Not much we can add to the 1,600+ reviews except another 5 star rating!"
"Took my college-age granddaughter there for lunch. My other couple of visits were fine however this one wasn't so great. They brought out someone else's order and as we were getting ready to take a bite someone came out with our order and replaced. The food wasn't very warm, a little on the cool side. I had a brisket sandwich which was very fatty and ask if they would exchange that for a leaner piece of beef which they did but it kind of ruined the experience.  just to get a tiny little bowl of the beef that I had to place on the bun myself."
"The best Baby back ribs in town.  Cornbread to die for and strawberry lemonade that makes my mouth water.  Great staff, excellent service, amazing Food.  One of my favorite places to take friends when they are in town.  A Must try for any foodie!"
"Was visiting the area and was craving something along the lines of BBQ and I decided to go to Bobby Q. Started out with an order of barbecue shrimp. Before they came I was given two large pieces of corn bread and butter. Now this alone would've been enough to fill me up but when the barbecue shrimp arrived I was so glad as they were prepared perfectly and were delicious. Along with the shrimp came four more pieces of bread it was good but more than I could eat. But I was still craving more I ordered a brisket sandwich without the bread. Was pretty good as far as brisket goes.
Service was good and I enjoyed the visit. 
I would definitely go back."
"Best  Beef Brisket ever! BBQ sauce so good! Cornbread is the bomb! Service was attentive for being so extremely busy on a Thursday night. Highly recommend Bobby Q!!! Have been here many times, never a disappointment and if something isn't right, it's corrected before you leave. PS the pulled pork is also delicious!"
"This was our first time dining in to Bobby Q's, we've been to the nightclub part of it but never the restaurant. Our server Amber was exceptional, we were so pleased with her service. She was so nice and attentive to every detail! We were very happy and satisfied we will be coming back for sure! Thank you for everything, our food was delicious and our service was top notch. We highly recommend for a nice dinner  very family friendly oriented."
"Amazing barbecue where they're known for their ribs and brisket. The Ribs were alright, but the brisket... delicious and tender. Corn bread served on the side compliments the BBQ cuisine but I didn't find it to be the best I've ever had; just OK. Something about the lack of heartiness of it threw me off. If you're in the mood for the richest mac and cheese you'll ever taste, grab a side. Soooo cheesy I felt like I had to take a break and eat my steamed veggies to prep my taste buds for more. Of course the french fries were tasty and mashed potatoes tasted like butter which is always a winner in my book. 
The place itself is located in a bit of a weird place; you'd never think it was there. But when you find it and go inside, the overall feel is very welcoming. When you walk in you'll notice a server frying up donuts. Not sure if you grab these on the way out or what but we asked the server about it and got some delivered to our table to share. Great food and laid back atmosphere. BBQ is top notch, try for yourself."
"Traveling from Minnesota this was our first time to Bobby Q. This is one of the best barbecue restaurants we've visited. We had the Crispy Sweet Onion Block as a starter and then a combo course of Grilled Top Sirloin & Half Rack of Baby Back Ribs with sides. Bobby Q is a steak & ribs joint where you really want to clean your plate but you'll have to settle, like we did, for bringing some of your dinner home for tomorrow! 

The food & drink here is fabulous and the service superb. If you appreciate great barbecue Bobby Q should definitely be on your epicurean list.  And, the Thank Q treat when you leave is a nice surprise."
"A favorite of ours when we're up around North Phoenix.  We love the dry-rubbed-wood-smoked-tender barbeque meats!  For my hubby and father-in-law, myself and my son, we always order the Hog Heaven.  It is really enough or all of us!  You get 2 choices of meats and 2 choices of pit ribs with 3 sides for $36 dollars !  We get a few extra order of corn bread. The meat on the ribs literally fall off the bones and the brisket is soooo tender!  They have a KIDS MEAL menu, but my son loves the baby back ribs with the sweet barbecue sauce.  It really is the best in the valley that we have tried so far.  Dillon's comes a close second, in my opinion."
"This place is delicious! Wow we just got into town from wisconsin and were craving bbq and this place hit the spot! Awesome service, amazing food and the indoor and outdoor seating is great. The bbq pulled pork sandwich was delicious and the ribs were tender as could be. Yum yum yum! :)"
"Hands down best bbq other than when my boyfriend cooks! The service was excellent, the patio was nice and warm and the decor was so nice. I came to eat here with my dad and we both ate the beef brisket dinner. The Mac and cheese was delicious and so were the beans. The cornbread was yummy with butter too! The only thing I didn't like was the spicy bbq sauce because it tasted watered down and lacked flavor. But I would  definitely recommend trying this place. They also had a good selection of beers and unique cocktails!"
"We ate dinner at Bobby Q based on their wonderful Yelp reviews.   We had Stacie as our server.   We wanted ribs and brisket.   Based on her recommendation we had a three meat combination plate - with brisket, St. Louis style ribs, and baby back ribs.   The best meat of the three was the baby back ribs.   The baby backs were cooked to perfection, with the meat falling off the bones.   The baby backs were delicious and wonderful.   The other meats - brisket and St. Louis Style ribs - were also very, very good.

The service was excellent - prompt, courteous, and attentive.   The atmosphere was very relaxing, and tables were spaced nicely so that we didn't feel cramped.   Stacie's service was excellent.

We will return here when we next visit Phoenix."
"This place was amazing ! The food the service Best BBQ ever ! Was in Phoenix with my son who was buying a car and we decided to try something for supper  in Phoenix looked on Yelp  and here we are ! Mac and cheese , Brisket , pulled pork , mashed potatoes , and the corn bread  ever thing just melted in our mouths! I highly recommend this BBQ heaven to anyone ! Thank you Ronnie the manager and the staff for everything ! We will be back ."
Visiting my sis in Phoenix and she brought me here to eat. It was delicious. Portions were generous and prices very reasonable. The outside dining area was very cozy. The staff very attentive and gracious. Definitely a winner in my book.
"First of all I would like to say that I have been a frequent patron of Bobby Q for years often bringing family. I'm a brisket man and most of the time it is great. I stopped by for lunch the other day and instead of ordering potato salad or beans with my brisket sandwich I ordered the house salad. Big mistake. I had all the symptoms of salmonella poisoning and fortunately only suffered for two days. I called for two days and spoke to two different on duty managers who both told me the general manager would give me a call when he came in so we could discuss my situation. It's been 4 days and nothing. I guess they don't care about sick customers or even want to discuss. Not sure if we will ever go back. 
We went back today and had a good experience. Excellent food and service. Even the GM came by to greet us and apologize for not getting back to me previously. He explained that no one else called about getting sick from the salad. Can't be sure if no one called or if maybe he didn't receive the message or was it just one head of lettuce or caused from something else. Will never know for sure. Today was"
If you've never been to bobby q you have got to go! One of the best meals I've ever had! Mashpotatoes to die for & try the q rolls beef brisket in a tauqito type breading with a chipotle dipping sauce?? Yes please!!
"Steak and Crab? Yes, please.

For 15 bucks? Whhhhaaaaa? Hell yes! 

These are questions my friend asked, when she wondered if I wanted to go to Bobby Qs the other night. Honestly, I did not get my hopes up, and prepared myself for a rough ride home. Yes, in case you are wondering, I have had some bad experiences with Seafood.

We decided to sit on the patio and were promptly attended to. I ordered a bloody mary, the rest beers. The bloody mary was freaking tasty. Spicy and tasty. 

We all ended up ordering the Steak and Crab special. I ordered a Caesar to start with. The Caesar was good. Nothing amazing, but solid.

Then there came the Crab. Half a snow crab, with an 8oz Steak and a side of roasted corn. As I started drooling, my stomach did a backflip from excitement. The crab was awesome! Not chewy or fishy tasting. The steak was great as well, and the corn was nice and smokey.

The only negative...the server was a bit forgetful at times. Honestly, once the crab and I had our moment...I no longer cared.."
Solid BBQ spot in central Phoenix. I had the 2 meat combo with baked potato and Mac and cheese. The food was really good. I have had better BBQ but this spot definitely is worth coming back to. It can be a bit noisy so bring your loud voice with you. Food came out decently fast for being BBQ and the amount of ppl that were eating.
"I used to drive past this place daily and have always heard great things about their food.  I remember going there when it was Bobby McGee's.  They still have the club ambiance late night and it looks pretty popping if you are into that.  We just went for the food.

I was stoked after checking in to see that they offered a first Yelp check in for 10% off your check, score.  The food was great.  My wife had the rib platter, very tasty, juicy and the BBQ sauce was delicious.  I had a Catfish Po'Boy along with a side of Mac n' Cheese, both were great.  They have plenty of drinks and a nice selection of beer on tap.

Thank you Bobby Q's, when I am in the need of BBQ I will be back."
"Good food and great service. We love this place. We especially like the baby back ribs and prime rib, they are great.  The atmosphere is awesome as well.  It is great place to take kids and we have never had a bad experience here."
"Awesome service from Blake and Miloh! Three meat platter: ribs, pulled pork, brisket, Mac n cheese, and veggies were excellent! Glasses never dry and great suggestions plus a visit from Blake the manager.  Everyone was happy and full! Definitely will be back and by far best bbq had in Az! Ps. Get the Q rolls!!"
"We were visiting from Las Vegas to go to Nascar. The Hostesses Leslie and Paige were so friendly and helpful. Our Server Loralie was knowledgeable, accommodating and made us feel welcome. Your manager Renmi even came by to see how much we loved everything. I will be back and I'm telling everyone about our Great Experience here."
"En rsum :

Les meilleures ribs que j'ai eu l'occasion de manger.

La viande tait d'une tendresse tout bonnement incroyable (je pouvais dcouper ma pice de viande avec les doigts). De plus, la sauce avec laquelle taient recouverte mes ribs tait divine !

Le pulled pork sandwich tait galement excellent.

Concernant les accompagnements, je vous conseille leur mac and cheese (l'un des meilleurs que j'ai pu gouter) ainsi que les baked beans !

Si vous passez par Phoenix, FONCEZ-Y !"
"Very nice bartender and good selection of beers. Very nice hostess also, she even checks on you to see if everything is going well. I bought some of their tasty bbq sauce to go. I had the brisket nacho's which was excellent."
I think that you won't be able to find better barbecue. It is a little expensive but i think it is worth it.
"Corn bread was super awesome!! It came out warm and soft and amazing. The waiter recommended the two meat option; wasn't sure what he chose for me but they were amazing! The meat were cooked well, fell of the bone style and were super succulent! MUST try the pecan coleslaw! Loved the combination! 

Also, on another note, there is a Pok gym within the building. Battling while stuffing yourself with meat = fantastic. (P.s. Bunch of eevees too!)"
"This BBQ joint is right up there with my top faves. I travel for a living, and eat at the best BBQ joints in the nation. The best still holds as Smoque in Chicago, followed by Bogarts in St Louis, Jack Stacks in Kansas City, and now Bobby Q's in Phoenix. Great ambiance seated outdoors. Great free cinnamon dessert doughnuts. Best damn Peach vodka drink I've ever had, too. The only thing that needs work is the mac n cheese n baked beans. I like the sweet kind of beans over the chili kind.... and real cheese sauce over Velveeta style cheese sauce. Sides are a big deal to me. Their babyback ribs were off the hook as was the beef ribs and beef brisket. Excellent free cornbread, too! Would totally eat here again!"
"The food was amazing... frosted lemonade was divine... service was ""Lexie"" as in there are no words to describe her service other than to say you need to go in and experience it."
Great food. Huge portions. I was able to bring half of my combo home. Looking forward to going back soon. The beer selection was sufficient. I'm glad they had Green Flash on tap even if you could only get it in a pint.
"I love the great selection of food. Clearly the barbecued is absolutely delicious, pulled pork. Love the sandwiches as well. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. At night on Thursdays and the weekends the club part, is off the hook!"
"Bobby Q = heaven

I think it's safe to assume that everything on the menu is good because everything I tried here was delicious!!! Even their drinks are yummy. Tried the pineapple surprise, sweet tea and strawberry daiquiri and enjoyed all of them. The cornbread is perfect; especially when you add butter and honey on top. It was so good I ate two of them straight out of the fridge the next morning for breakfast. The side dishes are awesome, especially the mac and cheese and roasted corn. The barbecue is juicy and flavorful. I didn't even add barbecue sauce to my meat because it was just fine without it. You can even finish off your meal with free, yes FREE, donuts. Bobby Q, I love you."
"I've been here twice, and both times I got the St. Louis style ribs because they were so good the first time. My fiance also got a similar dish when we went back, because his brisket was amazing. Macaroni and cheese is also amazing. Corn bread, roasted corn, and other sides are good but not outstanding. The free donuts at the end of the meal add a nice taste of sweet without going overboard on a huge dessert. One time my sister got the pizza, which looked like it could have come frozen from a supermarket. I'd say stick with the BBQ meats and you can't go wrong!"
"I've got to say that Bobby Q has got some great, great food. Obviously the fall of the bone baby backs are a must, but so is the beef rib and especially the brisket. Of course the sausage was great too!

The mac and cheese side was the best I've ever had. It's no wonder it's their most popular item. It is the cheesiest and creamiest I've had and is absolutely addictive. 

Speaking of addictive, the freshly made ""Tiny Tom"" (as I know them from back home) donuts covered in cinnamon are worse than drugs! :)"
"Good ambiance. Waiter was really nice and knowledgeable of menu.. 

Food was delicious and the BBQ ribs fell off the bone"
Yum! This place is amazing! The food and service were incredible! Make reservations if you plan to go on the weekend.
"I do love Barbeque and ribs and Bobby Q delivers exactly what you pay for.

Pulled pork is good, but not as good as Texas Roadhouse up the street.
Ribs are all right, but the meat quality is no where near that of a 4 or 5 star joint.
Steak is just bad. 

This is an ideal place for take-out or a quick lunch sit in; don't bring your bbq savvy friends or girlfriend here."
I have been traveling to Phoenix three time a month and Bobby Q is my second stop once in town. Getting gas is my first. Awesome place like always!!  Must stop by!
Always come to bobby qs for lunch and dinner. Their beef brisket is amazing!! The Mac n cheese is a must as a side. Best time to come in price wise is lunch. Oh and I can't forget about the complimentary sugar doughnuts!!!! Our waitress Jessica was great. She got our orders in quick and food to our table just as fast.
"Wow! Didn't go here for a long time, because I didn't want to get sucked into another BBQ place that claims good, authentic BBQ. Now I'm upset I waited soooo long to try it. 

Started with some great warm cornbread. Perfect size for a pre-meal snack...and just the right amount of sweetness. 

I ordered the 3-meat combo, for only $3 more than the 2-meat...great value!  I weigh in at 315lbs...and I didn't even GET to the 3rd meat - way too full. I got brisket as one of the meats - honestly, tasted like it was right off the smoker...that's NEVER the case in BBQ joints, it's always dry and flavorless by the time it gets to the table - not here folks, may as well been eating it right from the pit. Very impressive. 

Sides: hats off to the Chef, FINALLY...a BBQ place that has crafted their sides to be as good as their meats. And a special mention...the mac & cheese had great flavor! I also got the corn...tremendous. Can't wait to come back to try the other sides...

Energetic atmosphere, great staff, and tremendous food at a good value. 

Thank You!!!"
"Laura, the head manager, must feel she has enough business that she doesn't need to treat complaints about unprofessional staff seriously. The young, inexperienced staff were rude in front of a guest & Laura responded to the complaint in a very careless way. The food is good here - not excellent - but good, hence the 2 stars. The service is another story, and if the head manager themselves don't care, no one is going to. If it was just one of the servers or something, that would be different - but the fact that the manager was not concerned, makes it a whole different take. Won't be eating here again b/c of that. Not giving my hard earned money to a business that obviously doesn't need it..."
"Food was excellent had the whole hog heaven and the Q Rolls ... server was Travis a total gentleman very professional and attentive. I had to pull aside the General Manager Jack , and tell him how great the service was. The GM Jack sat down and listened and we also struck up a conversation and got to know each other. I must say they really make you feel like family here. But back to the food .. I really enjoy it the meats literally just fell off the bones it as if you are treating your taste buds to a thing of beauty. Forget about Arby's .. BOBBY Q "" GOTS THE MEATS"" and the mini donuts at the end were soooo yummy."
Amazing service by Maddie! Best brisket in town! Strawberry lemonade was to die for! Best food ever!
The people at Bobby Q's are so friendly. This is the best BBQ in the area. I got the brisket for take out. The prices are reasonable and the quality is amazing. I give 5 stars for the brisket!!!
"The food portion was fantastic. The food itself was pretty darn good. A little on the pricey side, but definitely worth a go. If you have not been before, the environment is great. You'll definitely enjoy your meal as well. Give it a go!"
"Sometimes the second visit isn't as good as the first, but the burger I enjoyed the second time was just as good as the initial visit. It was the one with onion strings and bbq sauce. The side dishes are very good here as well with the mac and cheese, just edging out the pecan cole slaw by a slim margin. We even got a visit from the owner who offered us a free beverage after they had run out of sweet tea. I tried the frosted lemonade, but not sure where the frosted part of the drink was hiding. We also ordered the fried chicken, which was like a giant piece of boneless breast breaded and deep fried. You will have leftovers if you order this dish and it did have good gravy. Free donuts and corn bread make this a worthy dining experience so far on two visits."
Great barbecue and friendly staff!  I had the brisket platter with roasted corn and beans.  It was well worth the visit.  I took a to go order back to New Mexico for my wife!
"I love taking the guys at the end of the week to this place. Great food, beer. Good times..."
My husband and I thought we would try a new bbq restaurant for our anniversary and was very upset with our choice. We were told the meat was smoked for 14 -18 hours by one waiter and 6 hours by the bar tender which we were a little confused by. We ordered the family meal so we could taste multiple items from the menu......we were not impressed at all. The meat did not have a smoked taste to it at all. It tasted like the meat was boiled and maybe  smoked for an hour. Very disappointing. The bbq sauce takes like a cheap sauce you can got at the grocery store. The mac & cheese tasted like they made it with the kraft cheese that comes in the plastic. Yuck.....The best part of the whole meal was the donuts at the very end. I do not  recommend this restaurant if you are look for some bbq. We will not be returning.
"Would give them 10 stars if I could. Went here for dinner on our way back from Grand Canyon and the positive reviews do not disappoint. My husband and I shared ""The Whole Hog,"" which comes with a choice of two ribs, two meats, and three sides. Our favorites were the St. Louis ribs and the brisket! Super tender and juicy and not fatty or gristly. Everything is so good here. Also great service. Wish we lived nearby but will longingly wait for a location in LA."
"When your first thought when writing a review is to acknowledge that you're craving for a fix... of whatever you're reviewing, it would definitely serve others well to give that place a try.

My wife and I were ecstatic to find a highly rated BBQ joint in the Phoenix area and decided to embark on a meat-laden adventure (get your head out of the gutter). As we drove closer and closer, we were a little hesitant about the area. Please forgive me for sounding like a snooty Scottsdale-dwelling yuppie. 

However, we could not have been more pleasantly surprised as we edged into the parking lot to discover a very lovely atmosphere. The lit patio and friendly service made Bobby Q a big winner in our book, but the true testament in regards to whether or not this would be an oft-visited establishment or a distant memory of a trek into questionable territory, both geographically and culinarily.

We were both very pleased with the baby back ribs. The ribs were tender, moist, and were almost  the fall-off-the-bone variety. The cornbread was fantastic. Honestly, I'm going to have to stop writing so that I can stop salivating.

Recommendation: If you are searching for a great BBQ joint in Phoenix, want a great atmosphere (try the patio when the weather is nice!), need great service, and most of all want to tear into some juicy meat, give Bobby Q a try!"
"We have been here twice and both times the food and service were outstanding. Jessica and Jo were friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. These qualities in wait staff are a credit to great management. We have tried BBQ from one side of the country to the other. This has been some of the best beef brisket.  It was so tender and juicy.  If you want a variety, the whole hog is the way to go."
"First time actually coming to eat dinner! Had a huge group of about 10, it was no big deal at all, we sat out on the patio, and had a blast! We started with drinks of course which they had a huge menu for drafts, that's a huge Plus! I ordered the Mojito and a draft, and let me tell you most people do not know how to make mojitos, this place absolutely does! ORDER THE MOJITO! We moved on and I think I ordered the full hog or something like that; they gave me like two styles of ribs, three different types of barbecue meats, and also three sides. That is a great deal! Two Hungry people could not finish it, so I would suggest ordering this if you have three or four great friends, it's only fifty bucks, and a Smokin deal! All the barbecue was fantastic, including the smoked chicken, I also added in addition the catfish, and sausage. The sausage was relatively spicy, so I would probably stay away from that, I like spicy stuff, but I just really wanted a nice meaty sausage and it really wasn't that. The catfish however was fantastic; I ordered it with lemon and also tartar sauce and that was pretty delicious as well. So we have great food, killer Ambiance, no big deal with a huge amount of people being served, waitress was absolutely excellent! So bottom line, if you're up for a great night of drinks, amazing food, and let me finish with this; HOT MINI DOUGHNUTS as a closer! Yep, it happened! No regrets! Check it out!"
"Best BBQ with a badass lounge and patio. Service, price, location, flavor all 5 Usually always packed when I go there, it's just my husband and I when we go so packed or not we love their dine @ the bar option (must order at least one beverage to sit there) because it's always no wait."
"This was my first time at Bobby Q's. I have had catering from here before many times and it's always delicious but this was my first time at restaurant. The restaurant is a little hidden off the free way but it's very pretty inside and has a big lot light up patio that is pretty at night time.

Food was super good, service was great, and a very  modern/fun atmosphere. This would be a great place for date night, family dinner, and even late night drinks. They serve cornbread to start which is delicious and then end the meal with complimentary fresh cinnamon sugar donuts with your bill. I got the loaded BBQ brisket baked potatoe which was very good and large portion. It came with a side of the mac n cheese which was the best I have ever had. My fianc got the ribs which he said were amazing and the meat just fell off the bone. They serve the meals with home made hot BBQ sauce which is delicious. 

Price is moderate to high depending on what you get. You could get a big platter to share with a few people for a good price. I will definitely be back and continue to use them for catering . Highly recommend!"
Amazing bbq spot easily the best bbq in the valley and excellent customer service as well.  I will definitely return
"Holy Cow! How many times have you been for BBQ where the quality of the sides has been totally forgotten, not here! Seriously, best mashed potatoes I've ever had. Split the whole hog, 2 1/2 slabs of ribs, 2 piles of meat, 3 sides. Amazing, a bit past tender (fine by me) but perfect rub and sauces. Mac n cheese was crazy good. Staff and service was very friendly, restaurant was done very well, enough southern comfort without the hee haw cheese, no wonder it was still packed at 8:30 with people still waiting to be seated"
"All was delish here !!!

Had the 3 meat platter with 2 sides and cornbread that I shared with the husband: we got the brisket, baby back ribs, and pulled pork. All the meat was moist and delicious and tasted great even without the BBQ sauce. We mac-n-cheese and grilled veggies for the sides...and both were yummy. My favorite was the cornbread...it was the best I have had and i would go just for that . They also give you these little fried donuts with cinnmaon and sugar for free before you leave and they were super sweet and yummy!! 

Did not know about the 10% off when I went...ooh well maybe next time.

Service was great too!!"
"If you love BBQ, you've GOT to try this.  An old Bobby McGees and the food is super awesome!  The service is outstanding and with that combination, you can't go wrong!"
"I stopped in with a party of 6 last week and had a great experience.  It was a Tuesday night so we were seated right away.  Our server Chelsea took great care of us giving great recommendations from beer, to appetizers, to entrees.  I had the 3 meat plate with the baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork with sides of pecan coleslaw and roasted veggies. I had to stop myself from finishing it because my taste buds were taking priority over my hunger.  I was happy I did because I had a great lunch to take to work the next day.  The warm cinnamon mini donuts were a welcome addition on the way out as always!"
All around great!! Ribs- bomb! Service fast and friendly. Loved their BBQ sauce ant remember the name but it was the vinegar based one. My friends weren't too keen on it but I like sour. And after all that yummy food they bring you out some free donuts that are fresh and warm!!! Wow! We got a full order and was good for two the mac and cheese is amazing!! I will be coming back don't know why I haven't been here for a while. Hear it's a club at night too will have to check that out too one day. I would highly recommend it if you are having a craving for some ribs.
"Servers were nice!! Atmosphere was good!! Price was alright! Food was awesome!! If you eat small portion than 3 people can share a combination platter! I shared with Mom, but I barely finished them. Next time I will order one combination platter for 3 people and get some small side dish"
Best BBQ I've had in a long time. Great drinks and staff. Pretty pricey but well worth it. Will definitely be returning
"Visited this place a couple weeks back. I wouldnt say the bbq is the best ive had, and the sirloin was dry, BUT, the staff is incredibly friendly. We had a huge party, and Joanna was amazing at accommodating us all. Our servers were very hospitable."
"The cajun shrimp appetizer here is to die for. If I weren't on a ""diet"" when I came to eat here, I would've soaked all of the garlic breads into the sauce and licked the plate clean! 

I also love how they bring you free cornbread which is one of my favorite BBQ sides. I ordered the pork ribs, beef ribs, and brisket - I'd say just go for the pork ribs as the brisket was a little dry and the beef rib just couldn't compare with the pork one. I came at 10pm when they were closing, and they were super friendly and welcoming! Didn't try to rush me at all. 

You also get free tiny donuts at the end of your meal. So nice!"
"Everything was great here. I really enjoyed the beef ribs the most. Will return for sure. I bbq a lot at home, so for those that like the bbq sauce here, they do sell it for take home, which I've used on my briskets and pork ribs."
"Amazing sides with good BBQ

Positives:
I used to go here when it was Bobby McGees growing up. It is completely different now.  It's very nice on the inside. Been there twice and once was for a party we got our own private room!  Our staff was amazing!! So tentative and everything came out great.

The sides are my weakness here. Their potato salad is super good!! Mac n cheese is wonderful. Good slaw. The bbq is very good also. I would not say it's the best I've ever had.. But it is defiantly worthy of eating and paying for. Yummy!! We all loved our food. 

Negatives:
I don't have any complaints."
Made me miss Kansas city. The meat melts in your mouth the vegetables where crisp and flavorful. Best barbecue I have tried in the valley. Service is fast and phenomenal. I would definitely will be coming for seconds
So Far best BBQ in AZ.  Family finished everything.  It was really good.  Had the baby back and the brisket. Kids loved it will definitely be back.
"Excellent! The quality of the meat, attention to detail, and value for money all exceeded expectations. The service was equally excellent. Don't miss the specialties not available elsewhere!"
"Denise and I met our daughter and her boyfriend for dinner yesterday on my birthday. Always wanted to try this place. We started off with the Q-rolls, guess this is suppose to be trendy! Many restaurants are doing the same thing. hybrid of a egg roll and sandwich! This one was BBQ brisket deep fried like an egg roll! It was OK, not that bad. I ended up ordering their combo platter, sample of their ribs, sausage, and brisket ts. Sausage was great and spicy, and their ribs were very good. Wife had the fried chicken (boneless) I am not a fan of boneless chicken. No flavor! Get me a fried chick with bone, it will taste a lot better then bone out! So! Their chicken really had no flavor, wife was not impressed. Daughter had a burger that was huge, and it looked great! Wanted to try it, but I had enough on my plate already. Wife had a bite and said it was really good. We ended up have their peach cobbler, I tried a little. Not a big fan of peach, plus daughter already baked me a cake for my birthday. Wife again was not impressed by, said it was to doughy! 
Biggest Con! Price! I have had better BBQ that cost a lot less. Spending $100.00 for four I expected it to be a little better. 
Loved the place, would like to come back on a weekend evening to see how the atmosphere is!"
"Today was an special ceremony for the day, the servers Mara & Christin were amazingly helpful courteous, quick and very friendly we felt cared for and happy, they had the whole group smiling and feeling appreciated coming here, the food was fresh hot tender and very tasty. My daily will continue to come enjoy Bobby Q  here, this is the best place in the whole state of Arizona so I highly recommend this place to everyone"
"We were in town to visit my nephew at GCU and figured he was tired of eating the typical college diet of cup-o-noodles and cafeteria food so we looked for a good place to eat nearby that could satisfy the hunger of five very hungry men.  After reading the other reviews we decided to treat him and his roommate to some real food.  We were not disappointed.  We started with appetizers that were brisket filled Q-Rolls (A twist on the egg-roll).  All I could say was WOW/AMAZING. The platter we ordered included brisket that was so moist that it literally melted in your mouth.  The baby back ribs fell off the bone and the pulled pork and beef ribs were flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Best BBQ west of Kansas City. And the Mac and Cheese as a side, well...don't tell my mother (sorry Nana), but it was the best I'd ever had, and I've had a lot of mac and cheese in my day.  And the corn bread....The best corn-bread I have ever eaten, and I'm usually not a fan. I probably ate more than I should have, but hey ""when in Rome"".  My father (Apa) is a big BBQ fan and this will definitely be on the list of places to stop and eat at when we go back. Great service and ambiance as well.  The waiter and manager checked on us regularly and took care of us as if we were locals."
Great spot to stop by when visiting in Phoenix. The food was delicious. I had the perfect burger and it was... perfect! The atmosphere is great! And the donuts that they give you at the end with the check are DELICIOUS!! 5 stars!!
Great food and extraordinary service. What can you possibly ask for more?! We shared a whole rack of St. Louis style ribs. The bbq sauce they brought on the side was sweet and the meat literally just came off ths bones. You don't have to bite it off. And our server knows every detail of food on the menu. She is ready to answer all the questions you have and thorw some recommendations. Had a wonderful time here.
Brisket was amazing. Best barbecue I've ever had and I have had a lot of A lot of barbecue. Staff is in credibly friendly service was good and bartender was on point.
"Wow. I'm a big fan of BBQ and I have to say that this place quickly became one of my favorite place around the town. Ordered baby back and spare ribs and sausage- their ribs were so tender and tasty. Highly recommend spare ribs, aka St Louis style ribs. Meatier and juicier cut of the two. Highly recommend it. Their sausages were great also- it wasn't fatty at all. Their corn bread was like eating a price of a sweet cake: sweet and a ton of flavor. No need to order a dessert- just ask for extra corn bread. :) highly recommend this place to anyone!"
"First time here. I came with my son & didn't know what to expect. Being that it's location is right off the I-17 we'd pass Bobby Q's many times & often thought it was a dive due to its location. We were pleasantly surprised as we walked in & were greeted by two friendly hostesses & a nice ambiance. Both my son & I were dressed casually. I looked around and noticed some guests were dressed up, while others were casual like us. I immediately felt comfortable.  It was a busy Sunday about 7:30pm. I requested a booth as I wanted to enjoy mother/son conversation over a nice dinner. The restaurant's interior is a rustic western theme with a bar in the middle, dining patio in front & separate dancing lounge connected to the back.  Everything was very clean and orderly like a well oiled machine. Our server was professional, friendly and quick. My son ordered the hamburger with cheddar cheese from the regular menu which came with shoestring fries & I ordered the Rib Eye with roasted corn and mashed potatoes. Both of our meals were prepared according to our liking and tasted sensational! Prior to our entrees, the server brought out 2 warm pieces of round cornbread with butter. It was delicious! We wish we would have saved room for the banana cream pie, next time for sure!  Towards the end of our dinner the manager came to ask how our dining experience was, it's nice to know this business cares about their guests!  One side note, the complimentary mini donuts that are given with your bill are awesome.  I highly recommend this establishment  (Excellent Food, Service, Family Atmosphere or perfect Date Night) & we look forward to celebrating my upcoming birthday here!"
"Totally awesome! Scrumptious food, friendly wait staff, speedy service, outdoor seating, lovely ambience and decent price."
"If you're not from the area and have never had this place...GO!!!

I'm from California so I had never been here before. We were looking for something delicious and we definitely found it! Our Server was Nicholous and he was very friendly and attentive. He made suggestions and answered all of our menu questions. 
The food was DELICIOUS and very reasonably priced for the portions we recieved. The steak was soooo juicy, the fries we crisp and warm, but the macaroni and cheese qas to die for! Also, the Cornbread is the best I've had besides my mothers. Manager Kristie came to us after our meal to make sure we enjoyed our meal. I love eating places where the staff is genuinely concerned with the customer service. 
If I'm ever im AZ again, I'll be there beforw I even check into a hotel!"
"The decor of the restaurant made you feel that you were transported to a different place from Phoenix. My husband and I ordered the Whole Hog Heaven to share. For the ribs, we chose the baby back and beef; meat brisket and chicken (bone-in); sides mashed potatoes, mix veg and corn. The portion was generous and the BBQ was delicious. The only thing was there was not enough BBQ sauce on top and we needed to ask for extra. The food came pretty quickly but since we were seated at the booth that belonged to the bar, our waiter/bartender was busy and we needed to wait to get his attention. We didn't get any dessert but were given some fresh mini-donuts to go. That was a pleasant surprise."
"Holy Moly... This place is amazing! I used to live in Missouri, and this BBQ is right on par with the midwest. From beginning to end, this meal was fantastic. We had the platter with different meat choices and everything was so good. The baby back ribs were falling off the bone, and they had so much flavor! Every side was amazing as well. They end it off with some delicious little donuts that are complimentary. This place is my go to now for BBQ."
"I have used Bobby Q'S for years for major events and dinner. I not only would try to eat here as much as possible I catered them for my wedding reception, and several family parties. 

So since I have moved to Houston I went here as soon as I came home. For Texas to be known for BBQ I can say Bobby slays the majority of them with his cooking. Not only is all the meat good but the side dishes are out of this world. 

We ordered the Whole hog heaven which is a BBQ lovers dream. We choose both Baby back ribs and St. Louis-TENDER FALL OF THE BONE

Brisket-Incredible but most importantly consistent. for all the years I have been coming it is always melt in your mouth incredible.

Chicken-So tender and smoky I die

Sides
Mac and Cheese-Always so delicious although this time it was slightly off, I couldn't put my finger on it. I would like to believe it was just a bad batch, because its always so creamy and full of velvetta, YES.

Potato Salad-Perfectly seasoned too perfection, Served super cold and reminds you of summer.

Corn bread-From scratch moist and sweet. You could eat a pound of these.

BBQ Sauces-Hot and Reg-Thick, balanced and rich the only type of sauce that should be on BBQ. Think Sweet Baby Rays X10

Last the complimentary donuts- DO NOT MISS THESE TREASURES."
"The environment was great, food was okay, sevice was great, overall nice experience. I wouod come again. Their 10%off yelp worked."
"The Q Rolls were amazing, as were the baby back ribs and the sweet potato fries and shoestring fries! Will definitely be coming back. Tommy is the best waiter by far and went above and beyond to help us! 5 stars easy. 


Oh, and Chandler did it. He ate all his food."
"I was super excited to try this place because I always heard good things about it, but was actually very disappointed during my visit. This place is jam packed on a Friday and Saturday night, but I will say their service is pretty responsive and fast to get the food out. I only got salad so I'm not going to get into the food part since it will be biased. However, the night got turned upside down when I initially got my check and saw they charged me 15 dollars for a 12 dollar salad! Side note, this place is way pricier than I expected a BBQ place would be. Anyways, I told the gentleman about the salad upcharge and he seemed like he didn't believe I was overcharged and he was like "" let's look through the menu together."" Hello I'm not a little kid, you don't need to be condescending. Anyways, he saw that I was correct on the price and he changed it, blaming their system for generating that amount. I wonder how many people got overcharged for that salad without anyone saying something?? I still wonder if they even updated their system... anyways, not a huge issue until I got overcharged at the club/bar portion AGAIN ON THE SAME NIGHT!! This is when my nostrils began to blow smoke out of them... we went into the club which basically to get in you have to sign your name on a paper, get your picture taken, your photo id is scanned, and donate an arm and a leg(jk about that part), never seen that in my life, so strict for such a run down club... then we go to the pay section and find out it's 12 dollar coverage fee!! For a ghetto club, are you kidding me... I give them my card, and they act all quiet and don't tell me anything, all of a sudden they don't give my card back the guy escorts me downstairs without informing me what was going on... I was low key thinking I was going to be an interrogation room not knowing what I possibly could have done wrong. He still has my card in his hand and gives it to the bartender and then leaves still saying nothing to me. Worst security escorter ever! Then I get my card back from the bartender and I ask what is going on and he tells me that they don't take card at the front so I had to go down to the bar to pay the cover... I then look at my check and find out I was charged 30 dollars (15 each) for the cover when I'm told it was 12 each at the front!! The bartender apologizes and says he will get us a drink on the house... FYI the drink was the worst crap I've ever had in my life... at this point I wanted out and talked to security about my experience.. he says that I probably won't get a refund but I can go talk to the general manager. Literally the general manager finds out we want a refund(after only being there for 5 minutes) and he doesn't even bat an eye before saying of course, give these girls a refund. I want to thank him for being an intelligent person, but I hate to say that his staff are complete dim wits who should find a new job or receive better training on how to treat people."
"I wanted to love this place, after seeing the reviews.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  Perhaps a steak is not what one orders at a bbq place.  

Staff was great.
Bob himself seemed respected by his team.
I loved the atmosphere.
Baked beans were really good.  Great texture.  Not just a soggy mess.
Onion strings were perfect.

The top sirloin I got was very tough, strings of gristle running through it, making it even harder to cut.
I didn't order the filet because I wanted more flavor than a filet usually provides.  The flavor of the sirloin was lack luster.  A good grill flavor but not much to it.
It was cooked perfectly. 

They did so much right but for a bbq place with not so great steak, I really want to go with 3.5 stars.

I'll be back to try the ribs and brisket.  I have high hopes that I will be updating my rating."
"My husband and I have been to countless BBQ restaurants in California, Nevada, and now Arizona.  Bobby Q's is BY FAR the best BBQ we have ever experienced!!

The food is incredible, and the service is just as good!"
"Had another fantastic meal here. My family and I love coming for their Mac and cheese as well as their cornbread. I had my usual, the Southern Fried Chicken, while the wife and daughter had the rotisserie chicken. The food came out super fast as usual. Such amazing food was complimented by our server Rishad who did a great job taking care of us. Thanks, we will be back!"
Some of the best bbq that I have had in Arizona.  It was worth the trip.  Just moved from Colorado and didn't want to wait in line for 45 minutes.  No lines sat down immediately.
"So glad they opened back up!!! We first went to Bobby Q when we were visiting family in Westport and latterly ate there almost every day of our vacation.  When we heard they'd closed we were devastated. Well, we're back for s vacation and we're totally excited they reopened in Norwalk!!! The service at lunch was great and the food was everything we'd remembered! Can't wait to come back!! Anything and everything on the menu is amazing!"
"Brought my sister-in-law visiting from CA here for her bday on Saturday. Everything we had from ribs, chicken, beef brisket to sides and drinks was VERY good.  We made a reservation and walked right in.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for BBQ in AZ.  Ambiance is good.   I totally recommend this place."
"Baby back ribs & corn bread = Amazing 5/5.
Atmosphere = Splendiferous 4/5.
Hospitality = Friendly 4/5."
I'm sure it's been said nearly a thousand times before but this may very well be the best bbq in AZ. I'm a native Texan and used to eating some good Texas bbq but this is something to write home about. Jake our waiter states that they smoke their meats for 18 hours. The food tasted every bit like they did. I could really taste the smoke flavor with the sausage which they filleted open to soak up the flavor. I can tell you that it tastes like they use pecan and mesquite wood for smoking. I've passed this place thousands of times and smelled the fresh wood smoking and my only regret is not coming here any sooner. If you're bringing a group make sure to try the whole hog heaven. It's more than enough food for three people. The food was every bit worth the price!
"2nd time at this BobbyQs location. Had the 2 meat combo with brisket and pulled pork.  Both had good smoke flavor and were moist and tender.  Food was very good (but not great) and portions were smaller than the first time. Serving size is reasonable but I'm a big guy and they're expensive for BBQ.  Lunch for 2, with a drink each, was $70. Don't get me wrong, I'll go back; but this trip wasn't a 5 star experience."
"We were visiting Phoenix and stopped in. The food was delicious. The service was great. We definitely recommend trying this place. The barbecue was so good. The corn bread was the perfect amount of sweet but not too sweet. We got the mud pie for dessert and I swear I fell in looooove with a giant slice of pie. If you decide to get dessert, and I highly recommend you do, then you can't go wrong with the mud pie! If you do decide against dessert then the complimentary donuts with your check will still give you a sweet ending to an amazing meal."
Every week our family orders take out from Bobby Q.  This is seriously the best bbq in Phoenix.  They have great prices & give you a ton of food.  One Christmas Eve we realized they forgot part of our order after we were already back home.  After calling the manager actually drove to our home & delivered the missing items.  They don't even deliver normally! That is what I call excellent customer service.
"This place has good food and offers a great ambiance, but I will only eat here at lunch on weekdays.  The prices do jump to a premium at dinner and weekends."
"Amazing Food & Amazing Service today. Been here many times & always excellent. Love the vibe & style. 

Our waitress Christin did an awesome job! Joked with my kids & made sure everyone was happy, even made the night special for our high school grad"
"Fantastic food! The brisket you won't regret and the shrimp was also amazing!  Our waitress, Brie, did a wonderful job even though she had lost some of her voice. You can't go wrong here."
"Nicole, 

Thank you for your assistance for preparing my birthday party. The Staff of BobbyQ's was outstanding last night and provided my guests with a very welcoming environment and monitored the area exceptionally. 

The food of course was excellent and even had to order more which was delivered promptly so nobody went hungry. 

Fantastic work. 

Thank you again, 

DBW"
What a great place in not such a great area. This place is excellent. The building itself it very cool; the inside decor is unique too. Our food was fantastic. We had the spinach and artichoke dip app and shared the huge meat platter. All the meat was smoked to perfection and was just what you expect with good BBQ. Our service was great. Hostess was very friendly and didn't make us wait. Our server (Christian?) was also on point. Never missed a refill and was super efficient. This place is defiantly up to par. I will highly recommend to anyone. Even though it's a far drive from my area. Plus they give you these amazing little donuts before you leave! Just another thing that makes this place exceptional.
Excellent food excellent service. Best Barbecue in town. Love the donuts too. Abby was a great server. Will definitely eat returning to this place.  For me it is pricey but it is worth every penny.  Very filling
"This is definitely THE best barbecue joint in all of Phoenix. My out of town family even raves about Bobby q's and has to visit every time they are in town. My husband and I normally split the whole hog and get the Cajun shrimp as an appetizer. I'm not a shrimp fan but these shrimp are amazing. I can't get enough of them, the sauce they are in is sooooooo good. The whole hog, we normally get ribs and double brisket. The brisket is amazing, ribs are delish and even the pulled pork is awesome. We love the cornbread and the 'to go' donuts as well. If you haven't been here before you MUST try. I can't recommend it enough"
"Good food, and great service. It wasn't 10 minutes before our order hit the table. The ribs were tender as can be without losing texture."
"This is by far the BEST BBQ restaurant in Phoenix!!! I have lived here 31 years and have never had food this amazing. Our server Sharli was great, attentive and extremely friendly!! She had amazing suggestions and all were scrumptdidliumptuous! Leave your white shorts and shirts at home because you will definitely want to get face down in this food. The Q-rolls are a great way to start the mean. And the whole hog heaven is a great way to try a variety of their BBQ options but definitely something to share!!"
"The BEST BBQ I've tasted since we moved to Arizona! Pork ribs so tender the meat was falling off the bone, beef ribs so meaty you could make a meal of two unless you eat like me :). Pulled pork and brisket to cry over they are so tender & smokey. My wife said she would happily go back. She had the fried chicken and loved it, though next time gravy on the side. She did try my pork & brisket and loved them too. Bobby Q is a definite BBQ lovers restaurant. Service by Linzy 1980 was quite good she was patient as we made up our minds as to what we wanted and when I explained I had ordered baby backs & beef bones but was served St. Louis and baby backs she promptly went back to the kitchen and brought the beef bones, only having a satisfied customer on her mind. We will be back! Oh yeah the onion ring loaf excellent and one of the three sauces they serve is sure to please your taste buds."
"If you are in phoenix and love BBQ, this is where you need to go. Everything on their menu is fantastic and am a big fan of their special chophouse burger. They serve little corn bread cakes while you wait and surprise you at the end with just made mini doughnuts. The ambiance is great there and is very nice inside- perfect for any business meeting. Their drinks and service are great too."
The food was soooo soo good. We went in October so the weather was perfect to dine outside. The service was amicable and the decoration very beautiful and romantic. I ordered the fried chicken which was very tender and tasty. The mashed potatoes were the best and the bbq sauce. They give you free cornbread and mini donuts at the end. Everything tasted fresh and full of flavor I would travel again all the way from NC to AZ to eat here
Delicious food and great service!! The portions are huge and they have the best corn bread!
"Let me just say that I am not a BBQ kind of girl. My husband is a BBQ fiend so I tend to make some concessions for him. Bobby Q's was one of those concessions. Thank goodness for that because I love this place. Luckily for me, there are things here I would eat such as the grilled salmon ($17) and chimichurri shrimp ($16). And the sides, good heavens, the sides are so damn good. The only ones I ever get are the sweet, buttery corn and the mac and cheese. Neither are healthy (the corn is extremely buttery) and the mac and cheese is extremely gooey...just the way it should be! I am a sucker for a good mac and cheese and then when you factor in the best corn bread I have EVER eaten, I am a goner. Good lord, you would think I am hungry the way I am writing this review but I promise I am writing this on a full stomach. No, but seriously, if you like corn bread, you have to try Bobby Q's corn bread. It's ridiculous. Then at the end of the meal, they give you these sugary donuts (the granulated sugar) that just top off a great meal. If you go on Sundays, try the Hog Heaven. For $29, you can feed 3-4 people. It has pulled pork, beef brisket, baby-backed ribs, bbq chicken, two sides, and corn bread. I do think the sides are not enough for four people compared to the amount of meat you get. We ordered it last night and had enough meat for 5 people but enough sides for only 2 people. They did give us 6 pieces of corn bread, though. Either way, it is a GREAT deal. 

The interior is very nice with dim lighting for a possibly romantic feel. It seems kid-friendly and we haven't had any issues bringing our almost 3 year old here. We have also always had good service. The prices are on the higher end but as I mentioned the Hog Heaven on Sundays is a very reasonable deal when eating out. Hmmm, I think another visit this week is in order...."
"best BBQ ever!! this place is awesome, we are so glad one is opening near us in Mesa!!"
"The last time I was here it was named something else and my waitress was dressed like a naughty cop. I was 16 then...now it has taken on a brand new face! I'm probably last to know that this place doubles as a night club.  A latin room and a hip hop club...it was amazing. I didn't get to eat dinner there so I can't speak for the BBQ but as far as the nightlife atmosphere in this area it gets 4 stars! Get there before 10, or the cover is $10 but still that isn't bad.  They have just about every spirit there, and even using the premium well is no more than 7 bucks. Will be going back real soon!!! I am still wondering how they got my number to text me specials...but i can't complain because they are sending me some good stuff."
"Best BBQ in AZ! My mom and I came here for dinner and started our meal off with the Q-rolls for an appetizer. They were good and definitely worth a try. We then ordered the Hog Heaven for our entree. The Baby back ribs are so tender that they fall off the bone! The beef ribs were good but not as tender which was expected so no complaints here. The pulled pork and chicken are also delicious. As for the sides, the mac & cheese was good and creamy  but the baked beans and coleslaw were mediocre. We stuffed our bellies and still had enough for leftovers. This place is definitely on my list of places to bring people when they visit me in PHX."
"Bobby Qs is the best great decor fantastic food! The ribs are to die for sand the corn bread is so darn good. 
Been to the Mesa and Phoenix locations.
It's now one of my favorite places."
"One word ""Awesomeness."" The food is outstanding. Ribs fall off the bone, brisket so tender it shreds with the lightest touch, pulled chicken equally as tasty. The Mac-n-cheese and corn bread is phenomenal. Nothing but BBQ heaven. Can't wait for a repeat visit."
"As soon as we got out of the car, the smell was amazing. Already we were impressed! The service was great. The servers were very knowledgeable. The Q rolls, which are first on the app list, were incredible! I'd go back just for those! The ribs were amazing, best from anywhere I've ever had. We are definitely going back."
"A must go spot if traveling for business and wanting to experience a ""local"" restaurant. Food is incredible, service terrific, atmosphere fun. Bar is first come first served if it's busy. A don't miss place to eat in Phoenix."
"If it's your fist visit, try a combo platter. Such as the beef brisket, sliced pork and St. Louis ribs. The brisket is especially tender, juicy and flavorful. The ribs are also very good. 

The sides at Bobby Q are also good-sized and tasty. The beans and mac 'n cheese are especially good. 

One final note: after you pay your bill, you're presented with a ""Thank-Q"" brown bag with fresh-baked cake donuts. Nice touch!"
"The atmosphere is unique, unlike other bar-b-que places I've been to. The patio is much like a garden patio at a home with brick walls and plants high enough to block the traffic / side street noises.  The indoors has a rustic, yet, elligant patio feel to it with the brick walls and rustic wood ceilings.  The furniture is again, more of a patio feel than a typical bar-b-que restaurant.  The noise level was not too loud that you couldn't hear people at your own table. 

The food was wonderful! Although my husband said their burger was too greasy, that was the only downfall.  My brother and I had the St. Louis ribs.  The way they caramelize the bar-b-que sauce on the ribs is great. They aren't runny with sauce dripping down your hand. The rib meat falls off the bone and easy enough to eat with a fork or picking it up. 

The sides were great. I had the macaroni and cheese which was definitely homemade. Not runny and not too dry. The cheese flavor was not too strong either. 

 I would  be prepared to wait a bit for a table because they appeared to always be busy. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would go back again!"
"so we were from LA and somehow suddenly found the appetite for some good BBQ. While Phoenix is not known for its BBQ, we tried it out anyways, knowing that we're all hungry and could carve out any meat given in our direction.

we were dead wrong! we were expecting it to be another overrated and overpriced Lucille's BBQ down in California but oh my, we found a gem in Phoenix. We ordered the three meat platter and oh boy, it was good. me and my gf shared the platter, we got the st louis ribs, the brisket and the pork. the ribs were great, it falls off the bone and it's so juicy and tender. one of the best ribs i ever tasted, period. the brisket were unbelievable. smoked right, you'll taste every flavor of it. salty, meaty, and juicy, we were all happy just to be there at that time.

if you visit phoenix, make sure to visit BOBBY Q as it will never let you down!"
"Best BBQ I have ever had.  Great food, great service, and they even hand you a bag of freshly made donuts for a to-go treat.  This is what eating out should be."
"Probably been a good year since I have been here. Came here with my college-age granddaughter today, her first time, we both enjoyed our meal. Both had beef brisket sandwiches. Loaded with fat on mine and they brought out just brisket without the bun and prior they had given us someone else's order,they gave us pulled pork not beef brisket at took a while to correct that but overall it was an OK experience"
I love this location! I made a reservation through Yelp and it was so easy. The food is always delicious. The service is outstanding! Our server Dustin was attentive and nice. Thank you Dustin! We will definitely be back.
"I want to start off by saying, this is the BEST BBQ place I've ever had. The ratings and the reviews are all true. The best! My friend and I were in Phoenix for the weekend, and as soon as we checked in our hotel, we both were hungry and graving some BBQ. I personally was not expecting any good BBQ places nearby, we almost settled with a mediocre place at the Westgate shopping center! Glad my friend stumbled upon Bobby Q's. With over 1000+ reviews and still holding a 4.5 average rating, I came in with high expectations. 

My first thought when arriving was this place was pretty hidden, there is plenty of parking, the restaurant is big, and best yet, it smelled great from outside already! We were a little worried it was going to be busy and would have to wait a bit for lunch because of its popularity, but we got greeted and were seated right away! 

Our server Hunter greeted soon after and introduced himself and told us about Bobby Q and now they smoke their meats. He was extremely helpful and friendly and checks in on us frequently since he knew this was our first time. My friend and I each got the or own 3 meat combo which was only $25 and came with 2 sides! I chose the brisket, baby back ribs, and pulled pork with Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. We also ordered their blonde ale beer, which was good refresher. 

We waited for our food, and were given corn bread. Which were amazing!! We had to stop ourselves before we got full from them. Our food came quicker than expected, and we were not disappointed. There was definitely more food than I was expecting. There was going to be leftovers for sure. Having the first bit was heaven and knew immediately this must've been the best BBQ I've ever had. Way better than the Wood Ranch here for sure. My favorite was the spicy BBQ that our server Hunter gave us. It had a little kick without it being to spicy. My friend and I enjoyed our plans until we were too full, which we barely ate half our plates. We were more than happy to have it for leftover dinner. 

Before leaving, Hunter gave us complimentary donuts, which were a great touch, but we were way to full to have any, so added it on to our leftover bag. 

Overall, this place was delicious! Service and food was excellent!  I will definitely have to stop by here when I come back to Phoenix."
Another night on the awesome patio of BobbyQ.  The service was amazing and the food is always delicious! See my lady Christin and you will be in perfect hands!
"OMG, best bbq in Phoenix, even better than Charleston's! Service was outstanding - Shea, our waitress, top notch, THE best! 
It's an little off the beaten path, but SO worth it! 
The fried cornbread is the best I've ever had, and I'm from the south. The pulled pork wasn't fatty, it was SO moist - had it replacing chicken on my salad and inhaled it 10x over ;-) My husband got the pulled pork sand - was awesome. And, let me say, I haven't had sweeeet tea like this since Texas - to die for!
Would go here again in a heartbeat. For best bbq, it's hands-down the best in the valley."
"Whenever I'm in Phoenix or passing through I make it mandatory to stop for lunch/dinner at Bobby Q. Recently, Brieanna was our server (who did a great job btw). We had the q-rolls for an appetizer and my table loved them. I always get the brisket or pulled pork for the main course. This place is amazing! I just wish the spicy BBQ sauce was actually spicy. Also, don't eat outside for lunch if you are terrified of birds, those little guys are super aggressive trying to get your food. The birds required me to play defense while eating. When you leave you get sugar cinnamon donuts which are perfect for the car ride home. 

I cannot recommend this place enough!"
Excellent food and awesome service... Thanks to Rishad!!! Keep up the great work... I will be back for sure!!!
"Whether you were going here for a dinner with your family or for a night on the town, especially on Thursday or Saturday night, this is a cool place to come kick back and enjoy yourself. The food is amazing and the staff is nice."
"Excellent food and great service!!
One of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to! Brisket was to die for and baby back ribs were falling off the bone.
Yummy Mac n' cheese and tasty beans!
Will definitely go again if in the Phoenix area!!"
"Best BBQ chicken since my Grandma. Meat is king

Great noise level (keeps crying from being annoying)"
"Great place, Kevin was great! So helpful, really took time to explain the menu items. Made sure to keep checking on us with a great attitude!"
Are you here twice and the ribs we're super delicious both times. The wait staff was also very attentive. I definitely will visit this place again in the future
"I love the bbq food they have to offer. If it wasn't for their large portions I'd eat every bit. The environment is nice! It's a good place for a date but also a good place to take the kids! Well, I know my kids love it! To this day I have not had any bad experiences. Everyone is so nice and welcoming! I feel good when I arrive and I feel even better when I walk out because I leave feeling content!"
"Awesome. 

I haven't had decent barbecue in, well maybe years. The service was fantastic. Immediately seated, our waiter was attentive but not smothering, always coming back for refills. 

The complementary cornbread is such a wonderful treat. While not the best cornbread I've ever had it certainly was welcome after a long day. It was light and crumbly and delightful.

I decided to go all out and order a full rack of baby back ribs. Even though my waiter forgot to give me a steak knife I didn't really need it. Now I realize that falling off the ribs does not make good barbecue, but it certainly helps. These were tender and succulent, the sauce was not slopped on and complimented the taste of the meat. 

I got sides of mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. The potatoes were average, nothing special. The mac was buttery and cheesy as it should be. 

It made a wonderful lunch the next day. The next time I feel like treating myself I'll make my way up here again."
"Mara and Christian were great host, food also was great mac and cheese delicious, best beef brisket I ever eaten, will definitely return."
"Come here for the beef ribs but that's about it. Tried the sirloin steak, and pulled chicken but it wasn't particularly special or better than other places. The macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, and apple cobbler also did not stand out.

While you wait for your meal there's complimentary cornbread with sweet butter and honey. That was a delightful surprise. 

Service was outstanding! Our waiter was very patient and enthusiastic. 

The place itself, both its interior and exterior is extremely charming, reminds me of a classic Lousianan old bayou building. 

To be fair, I am comparing the barbeque I had here to the barbeque I've had in Texas. 

Don't forget to check in here for 10% off of your bill. And they give you free doughnuts on your way out!"
"They told us that this was one of the top barbecue restaurants in the country, so of course I had high expectations. The service was great, and the waiters were kind and helpful. The Q Rolls were a great choice for our appetizer. I got the brisket and I thought it was great. We will definitely be back at this place next time we are in Phoenix!"
Always good service. Taylor the manager almost always makes it to your table during your visit.  If sometimes something is wrong with your order they ALWAYS make it right. They make it feel like you are important. I have had everything on the menu and like it all. It is a little high on the price side. Try the chocolate desert...Wonderful.. They give you a little bag of cinnamon donuts on your way out..
"Whoa. If you have not eaten here, drop what you're doing and head over. Simply the best meat you have ever tasted. The brisket is to die for. If I were requesting a last meal - Bobby Q's beef brisket would be it. The baby back ribs are also superb. Chicken - it's good, but how good can chicken be.

Also, the service is superb. Quick, friendly, helpful.

Simply fantastic. My favorite place to eat."
"Awesome bbq, cann i say awesome 1 more time i love this place... food is off the chain..."
"The brews are great but the BBQ is not the best. They gave us a waiter in training today and he was walking around with the supervisor most of the day. Im sure this is not the best process but what ever works for them might not work for the customers. 

We tried the smoked wings for starters and the shrimp appetizer both great plates. 

For lunch we ordered some of the links, st louis ribs, baby back ribs, and the smoked pulled pork. None were more than ok. 

I would give the place try might not meet up to my expectations but it might to yours."
"Defiantly worth the hype! For drinks I ordered the sangria and my Bf got the two IPA's on draft.  My sangria was good came in a glass mason jar.  My boyfriend enjoyed both IPA's. 

Appetizer we ordered the Q ROLLS tasty deep fried brisket with a Bbq dipping sauce and spicy dipping sauce as well-I enjoyed the bbq as it was a little sweet how I like it!

Main course we split the prime rib & bbq chicken combo.  Combo comes with a potato and two sides.  We ordered the MAC AND CHEESE and OH MY GOD it was prob the best Mac and cheese I've had in a while---five stars alone!!!!. The other side was the veggies...eh wasn't a fan . The veggies they chose were onions? Squash and peppers, to me that just wasn't what I was expecting- I had in mind broccoli or cauliflower? Seemed like an odd choice 

For  dessert we ordered the mud pie to go !

As a bonus they give you some homemade donuts for the road ( I was too stuffed but my bf said they were amazing)

Overall good pick, good music, and good service! Will be back for sure!"
I can honestly say this is pretty decent BBQ for a pretty decent price. The portions are big so I ended up taking more then half the meal home cause I couldn't eat it all. You won't be disappointed.
1st time and it will not be my last time...This place is off the charts good...damn you smosted chicken you ruined my life cuz now I have to drive 5 hours just to eat you again
"Unbelievable service and food! My wife and I went here on our way (moving) to Florida from California and were greeted with wonderful service. Everyone was super nice and even the manager checked on us. The food was truly out of this world and I'm sadden by this review knowing I live about 2,000 miles away."
This place had it all. Terri gave us great service. The food was good we shared the whole hog and had a awesome brisket biscuit appetizer. We also received warm fresh donuts after paying our bill. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town
"If you like BBQ, this is probably the best place I've been to in phoenix.


If you have ever been to Lucille's BBQ in California or tempe it is comparable. Been there about 5 times and everything is good. They have large group deals making it pretty cheap. Also right when you walk in you see a donut making machine, and they give you donuts when you finish your meal which is awesome. Freshly baked and very fluffy. 

I come back often"
"Happy Hour in a BBQ joint and these dumb country bumpkins decide to enforce a dress code at 5pm??? They have an outdoor patio and its 100 degrees - I'm not dressing up to eat your BBQ, especially when there are plenty of more reasonably priced places around town. Ok, the BBQ buffet was free, but they aren't bringing out their A game stuff for free. I made it past the ""host"" stand where there was some grumpy bouncer (for happy hour?), but then as I reached the back, another security guard (making $9hr) escorts me back to the front without saying anything. Then big bouncer with no brains or customer service ability (do they ever?) says I can't wear athletic shorts. He claimed he was a manager, but no way in hell did that guy manage anything, more or less have a college degree. Suddenly, we are in an argument, he is pointing out a sandwich board sign with about 20 different rules for dressing up to enter happy Hour and all I wanted to do was punch the dude. I ended up calling him a fat piece of ....and left determined noit to visit this place anymore. Maybe after 9pm put a dress code in, but that poilicy is just plain dumb. Just cause I wasn't wearing pretty shorts or a belt - well screw you Booby Q."
Best brisket ever! I've been here a few times and it never leaves me with feelings of disappointment! I love the q-rolls and the warm corn bread. If you are a party of 4 get the whole hog heaven! Delicious.
"Excellent ribs and sides - the mashed potatoes were amazing. To be honest, I was completely shocked to find this place off the 17 this spring watching Spring Training. Don't let the part of town dissuade you.  Friendly and knowledgeable service, good margaritas, and really good pre-dinner bread.

Growing up in the Midwest where good ribs are not hard to come by, I would put the rack of baby backs I had at Bobby Q's right up there with some of the best I've had.  Will definitely go back when I'm visiting Phoenix again."
"Ive been to Bobby Qs 3 times now and I cant get enough of this place! The staff is super friendly everytime I come in and if you rrsd my other reviews you will know thats a big deal to me. The last time I was there I ordered the baby back ribs with mac and cheeese and mashed potatoes. When I got my food and picked up a rib the bone fell out clean. I cant tell you how satifying it is for that to happen. Great food, great staff, and donuts at the end of the meal! Isnt America great!"
Came here once about 9 years ago just by accident while in Phoenix and loved it. Didn't think I'd ever be back But I just happened to be back in Phoenix for one night again so here I am. Love this place so very good. The best thing Phoenix has.
"On our honeymoon, this was the first place the wife and I visited. We were noticed immediately and guided to our seat. The food was good (I had pulled chicken and wife had pulled pork) and both meals were good. For me, an added bonus of finding a new beer. It's called Orange blossom and is brewed locally. The service, meal, atmosphere and food were all well worth it. Nothing on the menu seemed to be overpriced either. I would recommend if someone is looking for a date night meal to get theirs here."
"This place rocks! The food really is great and the atmosphere is so fun. We tried the catfish, salmon, roasted chicken and the pulled chicken sandwich. Everything was excellent, maybe the salmon just so-so. The service was OK. Don't order dessert! Free homemade donuts for everyone!! Free cornbread as a starter, too."
"OH Wowza polowza! How good was the combo platter! OMG! The baby back ribs were falling of the bone. And may I say the best corn bread all of us ever and I mean ever tasted. And our server Ashlen deserves a raise if she hasn't gotten one recently. She was such a sweetheart and always checking on us to see if we needed anything else. The wings were delicious as well. Thank you yelp   
People for voting this place with high honors. Already bought gift cards. And we will be regulars. The Mac and cheese is the bomb too! Oh so good!!!!!"
"Amazing food. The mac and cheese was out of this world and the grilled shrimp were great. I don't even like ribs very much, but I tried my boyfriend's and they were so tasty."
"Came here for EASTER . My husband sure knows how to pick'em. He ordered this $49 whole hog heaven and it was superb. The brisket was so tender you could cut it with the fork and the flavor was amazing.  We rarely do beef ribs because they are not usually very tender, HOWEVER, that was not the case with these -- so tender and delicious. Our sides were Mac n cheese , coleslaw, corn and mashed potatoes. That corn had tremendous flavor. You can't go wrong if you pick this food joint. I hope you take home left-overs so you can experience it again later that night or the next day like us!"
"Everything was 5 stars: food, service, ambiance. 

I had the St. Louis ribs, beef brisket, coleslaw, roasted corn, corn bread and I tried the pulled pork. Again - all outstanding. The ribs really stood out for smokiness and tender. I have to say too that the coleslaw was among the best I have ever eaten (pecan coleslaw). Oh yeah - constant re-supply of incredible cornbread biscuits!

As much as the food, the service was noticeably top notch. Various servers kept us informed about their role (drinks, taking order, bringing food, etc.) and our main server was attentive and well paced. The manager checked in and asked how we were enjoying our meal. Even the hostess gave us good information about where to sit. 

Venue: great lighting, comfortable seating, roomy (but not too much) tables and well managed noise level. All good.

Value: $55 for two including tip and one drink each. Wow - for that meal, service and atmosphere, a tremendous value. Go here."
Looking for one of the best BBQ placed in town this is one of them. Everything I have had hasn't disappointed me yet. Still the mac and cheese has to be the favorite.
"Atmosphere is very cool, very diverse crowd. Went here to celebrate recent engagement and Jessica W took great care of us. Great drinks, best cornbread I've ever had and the steaks were amazing. Highly encourage you to pay the up charge for the sauted onions and mushrooms. Very pleased!!"
"So I've never actually eaten  there , but my job took me to the kitchen several times   (delivery, of linens ) ,  the smell of their snooker is amazing !!! I plan ti get there with the Lil woman ASAP  The hostess was very friendly and helpful the 1st time I went there. 4 stars pending actual ingestion  of the great smelling food. They ARE  rated the best BBQ in the US"
"Oh what a happy gal I am now that I have found this place. I've been here twice and both times were good. I totally have to agree that the brisket is pretty awesome.  The Q-Rolls are super delicious. Smoked brisket rolled in fried won ton with a chipotle dipping sauce. I was upset that I had to share them. Next time they are going to be my meal, along with the yummy corn bread. The only thing I'd stay away from next time is the sweet tea.  Can we say a cup of ice could not even water it down enough?  That said, I appreciate this local place that offers yelpers a 10 percent discount for some great food!  I will definitely be going back for the great service and BBQ."
"My wife and I are on vacation from Rhode Island and she loves Barbecue . We were amazed @ BobbyQ the ribs were awesome and the service was just as amazing . Joe & Scott did a super job . The portions are so large we took most of our meal back to our 
Timeshare . This not like an OutBack or Texas Rode house these are huge racks of ribs and delicious . All meals looked terrific Great recommendation all you yelpers l"
"We're transplants from the East Coast and we've finally found the best BBQ hands down. From atmosphere, exceptional service from our server Jordan to the food that was beyond delicious, you won't be disappointed. @BobbyQsPhoenix"
"I am in love with this place, they have one of the best BBQ out here in the Valley. One of my personal favorite is the BBQ and Buffalo wings they have. Nothing like stepping into the bar area watch one of your favorite games in the screens while you have a conversation with the bartender there, eat the wings and drink a freezing cold beer. I also had the chance to take my mom there for her birthday and she loved it, not a long time after we got there we were able to sit in the main restaurant area and we had a full meal, the managers will always check on you and make sure the food is fabulous. Another personal recommendation is the Grilled Salmon, is just perfect, tender and juicy. Great servers there too, you will have a great time and they always make sure you have everything you need to make your food awesome, last time we had Rishad as our server and he made sure everything was on point. Thumbs up for all the people at Bobby Q!"
"Great BBQ and Service! Grab a seat at the bar and bartender was quick to take my drink order, explain the menu, and grab me some cornbread. After taking their recommendation of the 2 meat dinner, the food was out in about 5 minutes. Great bbq, juicy brisket, and fall of the bone ribs. They even give you a container of hot bbq sauce. Mac and cheese is amazing and garlic mash was good too. After dinner they give you some warm fresh donuts for the road."
"Hands down one ofbest restaurant in Phoenix. 100% would recommend to all! I love eating at Bobby Qs, especially when I have some extra cash. By far the best thing on the menus is their beef brisket. It is so mouth watering good that I crave it as soon as I finish eating it. Today I went to Bobby Qs at the 27th Ave and Dunlap location with my boyfriend for lunch and we were wowed by their service. We were greeted and seated promptly by a sweet hostess and a nice girl who just so happened to be training for her first day. Our server, Gary, was phenomenal and did not hesitate to check up on us at the appropriate times throughout our time there. Our food arrived quickly and as expected tasted great overall. My brisket was a little dry but I decided not to say anything because I still enjoyed it. My boyfriend did however and as we were boxing up our food and the manager gave us a brand new rack immediately without question or charge. As someone who works at a great restaurant too, I was blown away by how professionally and kindly we were treated. I even forgot my purse in the booth and Gary left the restaurant to come running to our car before we drove away to give it back to me. All in all, Bobby Q has surpassed our expectation of great quality and service not just by the food but by the staff and ambiance and we shall continue to enjoy many great memories there. Came back on Valentines Day and once again received nothing but exceptional service  Thank you to the manager Cam for being so accommodating to us and making our little date 10 times better! Will always be a fan of this place and this location they do an amazing job at everything"
Went  again to Bobby Qs and once again found what I've found before: it's so good it's almost perfect.
"The service was excellent, very attentive, and offered suggestions.  The food was delicious, I had chicken and my friend had ribs.  Both meals were prepared perfectly.

The atmosphere is really friendly and laid back.

Will definitely comeback on my next visit."
"Our family was in Phoenix for Wrestlemania 26 and asked people around town where to get some good BBQ.  The general consensus was "" Bobby Q"".  At first I thought it was an accent or they were talking funny repeating BBQ back to me, lol. After a few chuckles we decided to give it a try and stopped if for dinner.  WOW... what a treat.  They were crazy busy and had us seated with in 20 minutes.  We ordered some ribs which were awesome.  The mack n' cheese was some of the best I've ever had. The corn bread was was the high lite of this meal in my opinion, moist and full of flavor.   Service was top notch and I'm so glad our family got a chance to eat here while on vacation. After our meal we were treated to a little dogie bag of freshly made cinnamon and sugar dough nuts they make by the front door as you wait to be seated! If I close my eyes I can still smell them!"
"Demi was our waiter for our first time here. Right away she asked if it was our first time I said yes, immediately she was more than happy to explain the menu. She was super nice and very helpful. 

We decided to go with the Q-rolls for the appetizer which are brisket rolled in a flour tortilla and fryer served with a chipotle sauce and BBQ sauce. Excellent! The rolls were plump not skimpy. It's actually big enough for a entree. They bring out cornbread as well and let me tell you best corn bread I have ever had. 

Now for the entree. I ordered the BBQ brisket with mac and cheese and shoestring fries (the best kind of fries). It was such a big plate. I probably could have shared it. Needless to say I took about have Home. The brisket was amazing, again best brisket I have ever had. It was moist,  fell apart and melted in my mouth. Everything was great good ambience, good music, good tea.

I'll be back!"
"Amazing BBQ! I got the lunch platter of St. Louis ribs amazing. Pork- the softest most tenderest pork, chicken BBQ was ok, still good but lower on the list. The QLina pork burger was sooo tender and juicy.  The fries were thin , crunchy, and and flavorful 5 stars!"
"Traveling from California, this was a ""must stop"" on our list! The pulled pork never disappoints & my hubby said the prime rib was the best he ever had! Really rich & creamy Mac n cheese, delightfully moist corn bread & sweet tea that you'll want to take home by the gallon!! Service was awesome--extra kudos to Jeff, who stayed on top of our table & even kept our picky kids happy!! Leaving extremely full--and very happy!! :-)"
"Not just great food.  But great service.  We were seated quickly, never wanted more than a minute for anything... And our water glasses were always full.  Also, great brisket and ribs.... Sausage was so/so in my opinion.  Mac and cheese was great.  And the doughnuts at the end are just the perfect touch.  Will return."
"Anytime is a good time for barbecue. The smell of burning wood, the sweet thick or vinegary sauces and meat that just fall off the bone -- these elements have mass appeal to my senses.

So it's probably no surprise that I've been to most Valley smokehouses to check out their goods.

My latest exploration, Bobby-Q, came after a day of bargain hunting at a clearance outlet at Metrocenter. So much shopping can work up an appetite, and you'll need an appetite since the prices at Bobby-Q are low and the portions are large.

The location might be familiar to many longtime Phoenicians -- it was Bobby McGee's until about five years ago. I have many fond memories eating there with my family as a kid.

While the building got a $3 million dollar makeover, the charm and coziness is intact. It's sort of a cowboy chic with dim lighting, stained concrete floors and a tin ceiling. The seating is comfortable and the service friendly and efficient. If you're in a hurry, you can call ahead; there is a separate entrance for to-go orders.

Everything on the menu is made in house, from the barbecue sauce to the fluffy corn bread. Being an avid home cook I can appreciate these extra steps.

Always wanting to try something new, the Q-Rolls ($7.50) are a take on a Mexican flauta. Filled and rolled with smoked beef brisket and then deep-fried to a golden brown, these looked better than they tasted. The roll's open ends allowed for far too much oil to penetrate the meaty interior, which ended up a tasteless crunch.

A steakhouse classic, the Wedge Salad ($5), is made with a quarter of crisp head lettuce, sprinkled with smoked bacon, chopped tomatoes and bleu cheese crumbles. I can never resist the power of blue cheese and bacon.

The menu includes entree-sized salads, sandwiches and steaks, but my focus was on smoked meats. You can order two or three meat platters, but I opted for the Whole Hog ($36), a choice of two ribs, two meats and three sides.

When the plate arrived, my eyes widened. Huge slabs of Baby Back Ribs and St. Louis-Style Ribs were framed by piles of pulled pork and beef brisket, it's quite the mother lode of meat, so be prepared to share with others.

Going straight to the ribs, I grabbed a bone and it immediately separated from the rib meat. The meat was melt-in-your -mouth tender, and rightly so; they cook their meats low and slow for about 20 hours.

With all of the meat loving going on, it's easy to forget the sides. The Mac 'n Cheese was creamy and gooey and was worth ordering again. Pecan Cole Slaw was good, but I especially liked the toasted pecans, hich provided a nice contrast. Roasted Corn comes topped with a few wheels of corn on the cob. I wish the entire dish were served this way, since the kernels were swimming in a pool of butter.

After finishing this feast, there couldn't possibly be room for Peach Cobbler ($6.50) or Mud Pie ($6.50). But it was a nice touch that the check was brought out with a small bag of hot fresh cinnamon and sugar-covered donuts."
"Great good, great service and a great atmosphere. Here for vacation from Toronto and this was by far the best meal so far!"
Great food!  Great service!  The portions are huge.  I highly recommend this place.  Make reservations though as it was very busy on a Friday night.
"We were visiting friends from Texas and were in desperate need of some legit BBQ.

Ambiance - Unlike most BBQ places, this place was SUPER clean.

Service - We had a reservation and got seated right away. Jessica was also super friendly and recommended the Sunday family feast, which came out super fast.

Food - The Sunday family feast included 1/2 St. Louis ribs, 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 pound of pork and 1/2 of a chicken +2 sides and cornbread! All for $20 a person.

Things that REALLY stood out:
1) Q rolls were perfectly crispy rolls of yummy brisket!
2) Cornbread was unlike any other cornbread I've had
3) Chicken wasn't dry at all and had really good flavor!"
"This is our favorite place in Phoenix for ribs --- and we have introduced  many of our visitors from Illinois to this place as well.  Tonite I decided to finally write how much we like this place because, everything as usual was terrific.  Sarina, our waitress was terrific, the food (baby back ribs) fell off the bone and tasted delicious, and the cornbread started the meal off  perfectly. We learned tonight that calling ahead of time for a reservation enables us to enjoy the place even more because there was hardly a wait.  Take it from me, this is one of the best places to eat in Phoenix, and I'll be coming again soon."
"We came for a nice dinner just me and the wife. 
The night started with a couple of Kilt lifters and some of their corn bread. The bartenders and servers were awsome, glad to help and friendly at all times. We decided to do the Baby back ribs, Sirloin and a few sides (mac and cheese, cole salad and loaded baked potato). Everything was delicious, the rib were literally falling apart and the steak cooked perfectly with the right amount of char (medium). The sides were also amazing, the mac and cheese is one of a kind and the loaded baked potato and cole slaw was delicious. 
We definitely will be back to share more memories!"
"""Date Night""
 We had an outstand experience we were celebrating our anniversary as we were talking with our waiter he asked if we celebrating anything special because I had a friend meet us at our table to drop off flowers. After telling him it was our anniversary he told us congratulations. We placed our order the food was very very good as well as service. As soon as our sodas or empty he was right there to brings us refills. After we got done eating the manager walked over and told us he heard it was our anniversary and said he would like to buy us a desert of our choice and asked if we would like to a guest pass to enter the Q Lounge and said if we wanted to he would hold the flowers in his office until we are ready to leave. They made our night very special"
Tough call between this and Little Miss BBQ. This place is a fancier sit down restaurant with cocktails and other adult beverages. Service was good food was outstanding. It's not cheap but well worth the money.
"Just took my family to Bobby Q's based on the good Yelp reviews and am happy to say it lived up to its great reputation.  We started with the Q Rolls which were excellent.  My wife and I both had the brisket plate.  At some places brisket can be dry, but here it was moist and flavorful.  My sons had brisket and pulled pork sandwiches and loved them.  Although after seeing the huge hamburger at the next table my one son wanted that.  As for sides we shared the onion block and everyone had the Mac and cheese; both were great. Just when I thought I couldn't eat any more they brought us small, hot, moist doughnuts that they provide for free.  As it turned out I wasn't that full as they were too good to pass up.  I must also say that the quality of service matches the quality of food.  Our server Emmy provided award winning service with a smile, making us feel at home.  The decor also felt comfortable with a real old time BBQ house look.  If you love BBQ, Bobby Q's is a place you need to try."
We were in town for a work function and needed a place to eat for dinner. The food was absolutely amazing and the drinks were on point. Our waiter was great and really made some great suggestions. I had the fried chicken and was super delicious! The mac and cheese was out of this world! This place is amazing and I would come back again!
Military friendly! And the food was absolutely amazing. Hands down the best burger and Mac and cheese I've had since being in Arizona.
"I wish I could give 10 stars!!! Not only was the food amazing, the service was similar to dining at the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons!!! From the smiling, welcoming hostesses to our excellent waiter we felt very appreciated & very well taken care of. The restaurant manager made a point of visiting every table with a warm greeting once the meals were delivered to the tables. Highly recommend this restaurant to all!!!"
"Best experience ever.  We had Devon as our waiter and he was very attentive and made our dining experience pleasurable, he had great humor.  Jack the restaurant manager came over to our table to greet us and made sure everything was good. The food was amazing. Love coming here"
"The restaurant was packed and even though there was a wait list we got seated right away.  However, we had to wait at our table a really long time and I think they forgot about us but the waiter apologized and gave us a free appetizer.  In terms of the food - appetizer 4, baby backs 5, spare ribs 5, chicken 4, sausage 3, mac and cheese 4, roasted corn 5, corn bread 4, potato salad 4, cinnamon sugar donuts 4.  Overall, really excellent barbecue."
"Meat literally fell off the baby back rib bone. No seriously, I'm talking about the meat on my rib bones effortlessly - no fork, no knife, no touch. Just pick up the rib and bam!

And that brisket? Smoky, tender, soft, meaty & sweaty pieces of brisket chunk topped with Bobby's own BBQ sauce was heavenly.

Starter: Q Rolls or bust. Think deep fried rolls with brisket inside, served with both BBQ and chipotle sauce.

To finish the meal, your server will come thank you with fresh out of the oven donuts. I was beyond irate at this fattening gesture but secretly loving their staff truly from the bottom of my heart. The ring of meat sweat glistening on my forehead tells all.

Don't worry Bobby Q, you will forever be my Phoenix go-to restaurant. Can't wait to try your burger and steak soon. Until next time, I need to shed some lbs."
So i luv this place n its great food n today i checked in on yelp n showed it to my server Linzy n she marked it off on my app but i realized when i got home n looked at the bill closer n my 10% off was not applied to my bill this is upsetting because my bill was $141.78 so it wasn't a cheap meal we had... its to late im home n but this is very upsetting! Overall aside from this issue our meal was great portions service by Linzy was good she kept coming by to make sure we were good n drinks were always filled. Lesson for today is look closely at ur bill b4 signing it.
Catering or pick up to go is a much better deal if you have a lot of people (15+).  Same amazing BBQ.
"Great place! My wife and I split the baby back ribs & sirloin with choice of sides a baked potato, ranch beans & vegetables. Great complimentary cornbread & mini donuts! Everything was delicious! Our waitress Sarina was a delight. She was pleasant, kind with her suggestions, and attentive (but not too much). We will definitely return on our next visit to Phoenix."
"The food is always amazing!  They switched to Coke products though, so I'm trying not to hold that against them!  Great food, awesome service!"
"This place has really good BBQ. I use to go here when I was younger..boy has it changed. It's clean, the service is good and the food was exceptional. Four stars because it's rather expensive. I have a hard time paying $12 for an adult beverage."
"My friends and I came here to visit Phoenix and found this place on yelp. We're from LA and the BBQ there is horrible. This place exceeds my expectations with its food, drinks, and service (our server was Sarina). We would definitely come back here."
"Out of all the places I would miss in Arizona, this would have to be on top of my list. 

Service and food were the best all around. We were lucky to get Julie as our waitress. She was the best waitress we had in Phoenix. Hands down, my favorite. She was the best from start to finish. 

On to the food, I love the cornbread, Q rolls, brisket, and donuts. Everything was delicious. I'm kind of jealous that we don't have a Bobby Q in Los Angeles. I will be hoping and praying they will open a location here one day soon. 

Cornbread is the way it should be. Moist and crumbling. One of the best I have ever tasted. My favorite dish would have to be Q Rolls! If you ever visit Phoenix, do not leave there without trying this dish. Q roll is a tortilla rolled up that is stuffed with smoked prime brisket. The fried on the roll is like no other. You dip your Q roll into their chipotle ranch sauce. Amazing. I can eat this for the rest of my life. They need to find a way to sell this at Cost Co. cause I need a bulk of this. 

Brisket was tender. Super soft. Super tasty. Lastly, you get a bag of cinnamon sugar donuts at the end of your meal that ends the meal perfectly. The donuts are made right up front. Very fresh. 

Bobby-Q, I would fly to you ever chance I get!"
"Used to go their all the time when it was BobbyMgees and they where great. Went back their a few years ago over by Metrocenter. Had Prime Rib and the food was not good. Exspecially when the prices are high compared to other restraints. May not have gotten what their specialty is either. I would rather go to Texas Roadhouse or The Pits for BBQ and they are better priced, with good food."
"The food and service was amazing. At 830 on Wednesday night they asked us if we had a reservation that's how crowded they get. My husband did have the pulled port platter and the portion did look a little small compared to my baby back ribs. I got the full rack of ribs. It was amazing amazing! Their frozen lemonade is nothing special don't waste your money if anything it is too sweet!! 

Ask for more cornbread and you can get your drink to go."
Arrived there a little early for dinner and got one of the last tables before the waits started. Super BBQ with some good options for sauce. Good sized portions. Its hard to figure out who your server is.
"I really liked Bobby Q. Made reservations for a Saturday night.
We shared some Q Rolls and then ordered our own entrees.
I loved the Q rolls. One of three at the table thought them a tad greasy, Two of us did not.
I had the three meat combo with Brisket, St Louis Ribs and Chicken. Mac and Cheese and fries.
Was the meat the best I ever had? No, but it was dang good. My favorite of the three was the Brisket. 
Shoestring fries are my favorite fries and what I opt for them when I can. I demolished the large pile they put on the plate. The Mac and Cheese tastes like it is made with that processed cheese food that starts with a V. I love that processed cheese food that starts with a V. I have had lots of different versions of mac and cheese with my BBQ across the US. They may have used a fancy blend of real cheeses, but in the end, the processed cheese food at Bobby's is right at the top of my fav list.
Adult beverages are a bit pricey, but they are good and not watered down.

The service was great. Joe was our waiter. He was new but I would not have guessed until his supervisor came to the table. 

I will be back."
"A great place for never-fail barbecue. Prompt friendly service. Charming patio, vast inside dining space."
"Excellent food and service all across the board. From the bar to the restaurant. Our server is awesome! Too bad we didn't get his name and the manager or owner (?) were attentive and very nice. 

I rarely give 5-star rating on any reviews I did but this restaurant deserve because of the exceptional service they did for us after a long day. Thank you"
"I change my previous review of this plae. I went back against my wishes and despite my predesposition enjoyed everything tremendously. I still have my qualms with my previous experience with the lounge but have become a big fan of the restuarant!

The food was well done, and the wait staff was tremendously impressive."
Ive been to the bar here and the restaurant. The restaurant serves fresh donuts they make there and has good bbq food. I dont remember too much but from what I recall everything tasted fine.
"We stopped here completely by chance, after seeing the BBQ barrel on top of the building while driving down the highway; & we were happy to discover that we had walked into the best restaurant in Pheonix. Bobby Q's is officially one of the best BBQ experiences I have had across the country, and I was pleasantly surprised to discover such a gem tucked away in Arizona. They certainly deserve their top 100 rating!
While the food was positively spectacular (the ribs are worth dying for); Dylan, our server, made our experience 100% complete!!! Dylan was a shining example of hospitality and service, a star amongst the staff. He had a massive impact on our stay in Pheonix, and was a supremely positive representative for not only Bobby Q's, but also for this beautiful city!
We highly recommend this restaurant as a worthy stop for any traveler passing through the Pheonix area, and we will most definitely be returning on our next trip!"
"Family and I are from St. Louis and we were on vacay and I checked yelp for the most popular place for BBQ and OMG I'm so happy we came here ! I made a reservation and when we got there no wait or delay .. Every one was friendly! I've been a waitress before and the one we had was AWESOME please ask for Chelsea when you go! Very sweet and knows what she's talking about!.. Recommendations were on point .. The food was to die for! Ribs fell right off the bone, Mac n cheese was great, everything was just OMG! My friends and family couldn't stop raving about it!!! Even tho Chelsea was waiting on us, others would ask how we were doing and the manager came and made sure we were doing good. When we come visit phoenix az again this will be our most go spot! Thank you for the great experience guys! Thank you Chelsea, when we come back well ask for you! 
***Liana P***"
Good spot. Great appetizers.  Brisket was great.  A bit pricy.  The atmosphere is a bit confusing with a club attached...but once you get past that pretty good stuff here.
"Definitely lived up to the hype! Although it was packed for a Thursday night, we were seated relatively quickly, drinks right away and food was on point!"
"Amazing fall off the bone, pull apart with a fork, melt in your mouth BBQ. Had the baby back ribs and brisket. The ribs were very meaty and just fell of the bone, so tender. The brisket was also very tender and juicy. BBQ sauce was solid as were the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese. Some of the best BBQ I've had in a while!"
"Im a little biased with my wife being the catering manager, but excellent food is excellent food and great service is great service. Being in the restraunt business I truly admire when the easy things are done right. Great service, excellent food and a clean store."
Superb place to eat. A little pricey so I wouldn't go with a huge group but the food and service is well worth the money.
"Bobby Q's barbecue is extraordinary moist, tender, succulent and delicious. I had the Prime Brisket and Baby Back Ribs with Mac/Cheese and a Baked P Potatoe. That 1 platter is enough for 3 people in my opinion and worth every penny. Hallelujah so good!!! ;-)"
"I read good things about this BBQ restaurant from Yelp and decide to give it a try while I was in the area.  The food was excellent, customer service was awesome as well, I would highly recommend this place, if you are in town.    Our waitress was Chelsea and she was excellent to check in on us every 10 minutes and we were also checked on by the manager lady and she was also very nice and wanted to make sure everything was okay.  Between myself, wife and a daughter, we have decided to try their ""Hog Heaven""  and their Q roll.  We chose, baby back, St. Louis rib, brisket, chicken then mac & cheese, pecan coleslow and potato salad. They were all excellent, especially the free corn bread.  Chelsea the waitress had enough sense to bring us the free miniature donuts along with our bills, when we didn't even ask for them.  All in all, this was one of my best experience at a BBQ joint. The bill came out to around $80 for food and couple of beers on tap,  which is very reasonable. This is a must go place, if you are into BBQ!"
Bought a smoked turkey here for Thanksgiving and it was absolutely delicious. Have not eaten in the restaurant... just picked food up.  Only one experience but it was good.  The only reason I have not been back is because it is a bit inconvenient way to drive that far. But once a year or twice a year it is worth the trip.
My wife and I have been going here for years. The food is fantastic. In house smoked meats are some of the best BBQ in town. The steak and crab leg special on Saturdays is my favorite. At $18.00 you can't go wrong. Great beer selection clean glasses and always cold. They strive for great service and we have always had a pleasant experience.  Highly recommend.
Absolutely fabulous food and great service. It's a great atmosphere and the prices for the food you get are extremely reasonable it's a beautiful tucked away place to dine for any occasion.
"I loved this place. It was the first time, but I bet I will be going there again. The food was amazing and the server was very nice and attentive. The restaurant has the rustic country vibe, which totally is impressive. The menu had lots of options. And at the end of it all, u walk away with a bag of fried corn breads."
"This place is BBQ heaven. I've lived in Texas and North Carolina and I won't claim the mantle of a BBQ connoisseur, but I've had a lot of BBQ in my life. Meat and sides were all great. Atmosphere and service to match. You can debate whether Little Miss BBQ has the edge in the brisket game--it's a close call. But this place clearly has the overall edge--a place you can sit down, get a drink, and relax over great food. My girlfriend and my daughter both loved it, too. Oh, and hot cinnamon donuts with the check was a great finishing touch. I'll be back."
I really enjoy the quality of the food here. I haven't had a bad experience yet. The customer service is just as good. Thank you.
"everything is great, from appetizers to the barbeque food, especially their
mac and cheese real, and the bananna dessert.  Service is great."
"I came here a few nights ago with a group of about 10 others. The staff was very welcoming and either the owner/manager was there greeting everyone who came into the door. 
They did mistakenly bring out an incorrect order for someone that I was with, but the owner/manager personally came over and took the plate back and brought the correct order, on the house. EXCELLENT customer service. 
The food itself also warrants 5 stars. The meat was really tender and flavorful and the sauce was great. I'll definitely be back to try out other items."
"Omg...first time here, was cravin beef ribs..and I wasn't disappointed. The food, atmosphere and staff were amazing.  Definitely making this my favorite. ...and will be back for more."
The new location in the Biltmore area is cool on the inside. Bobby Q does a nice job With their barbecue. The staff was very attentive and the food consistent quality with the other location.
The service was impeccable! And the little homemade donuts at the end were amazing. Thanks!!!
"Don't know what all the hype is about this establishment but here's my feedback: First off my wife had the Ribeye entree I specifically told our waiter (a young fellow) no pink on the ribeye & to have whom ever is cooking/grilling the ribeye to cut the meat to verify there are no pink, but my wife received her uncut ribeye & she only ate what's not pink (1/2 of the ribeye). I was eager to try the beef ribs & again I told the young fellow easy BBQ sauce on them beef ribs because I wanted to taste the meat & the smoke flavor. To our surprise none of them were meant to our expectations. The beef ribs are fall of the bone but too much BBQ sauce on them ribs & I couldn't even taste the smoked meat. Ask any bbq enthusiast the taste are in the meat not the sauce. I rather stick with Dillons KC style beef ribs at Arrowhead location where you can taste the meat. This establishment is my first & last."
"I used to eat a lot of barbecue but I haven't had much since I stopped eating pork. The waiter had multiple alternatives for me, including beef ribs which are difficult to find. I decided on the country fried chicken, and was not disappointed. Cocktails were awesome. Each side plus the main meal was delicious and perfected. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and the ambiance was lovely. I don't live in Arizona, but I would move here just for Bobby Q's!"
"Bobby Q's is a sensational venue to enjoy amazing BBQ. The brisket literally melts in your mouth and is always a favorite. Warm, scrumptious complimentary corn bread arrives to begin your meal. The extensive menu offers a vast variety of savory entrees from platters to sandwiches and salads and an excellent selection of side dishes. Be sure to try the roasted corn and the  macaroni and cheese. At the conclusion of your meal, they deliver a brown paper bag of freshly made warm mini sugar donuts! 

Maddie was our server this evening and she was delightful--very friendly, attentive, professional and offered great suggestions about popular menu items. She provided superb service. Thanks, Maddie, for your attention to detail and for excellent service! The manager actively greeted each table and checked to see that all patrons were enjoying their dining experience.

We made advance reservations (highly recommended) and were served promptly.  Great place for families.  A bit of an elevated noise level because this place is very popular among the locals--a hidden gem!"
I have now been here twice and both times the service was excellent along with the food. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is they have rules on when they serve street tacos. I keep hearing great things about them and have wanted to try them but just can't seem to order them.
"This quite popular BBQ joint in North Phoenix is easy to miss off the freeway, but once you arrive you wondered how you could have ever missed it!  

This restaurant has a simple menu, fair prices, wonderful Happy Hour specials and FREE Cinnamon Sugar Donuts for all!!  (Get an extra bag to go!)

You can't go wrong with anything you order here.  All meats, chicken and fish too, are moist, tender, seasoned very well and are very filling.  My favorite side dishes there are the macaroni and cheese (da bomb!), Pecan Coleslaw (yes...Pecan!) and their shoestring French fries, with BBQ Sauce as a dip!  

That's all well and good, but what keeps me coming back is their BRISKET!!  Hot damn!  Lean, tender, juicy and addictive!!  You'll be dreaming of Bobby Q Brisket in your dreams that night!  Their Brisket, Ribs and PRIME RIB (ahhh) are the top three sellers at Bobby Q! 

They have a WONDERFUL lunch menu, but what I like is that they don't skimp on serving size for lunches.  You get a ton of meat and normal size side dish.  You just pay a few dollars less.  That's always good. 

Don't forget the FREE Cinnamon Sugar Donuts at the end of your meal.  Grab an extra bag of them as you leave.  I've also seen people grab a bag of them as they go in as well!  No one there will tell you that you will spoil your meal by doing that so have at it!"
"I just drove past Bobby-Q's and remembered that I've had a good experience with them.

The time was around Thanksgiving. They offer smoked turkeys that are pretty much ingenious. One, they're smoked - so literally half the cooking is done for you. I can't stand putting an entire raw bird in an oven and waiting for it to cook for 234 hours. Well, I've never really done that, because I think I wouldn't like it much, as I hate waiting while I watch people poke, prod, and baste a raw behemoth and then put it in the oven for 234 hours. 

This thing was done in I think 2 hours. 2 hours!!! Brilliant. And better yet - it tasted phenomenal. The spice rub was so complementary to the meat it needed no sauce to make it a tasty experience. 

And it wasn't cost-prohibitive. The only thing you really need to worry about is ordering one well enough ahead of time for your occasion."
"It's pretty clear from all the reviews, meat loving barbeque aficionados really like Bobby Q's. 

This review is for my fellow vegetarians who for some reason end up here.   Why you say, would a vegetarian even end up here? Well, for one, to keep peace in the family, for the sides, and for my fave salad, a wedge of iceberg lettuce ( I can hear some of your groans, ""iceberg lettuce!"" ""What is she talking about"") with house made chunky blue cheese dressing.  This dressing is the best I've ever had -  I usually get a pint or so to take home. The grilled vegies are consistently good as are the baked potatoes and the corn bread.  The mac and cheese is rather average.  Prices are reasonable - portions on the large size.

The little donuts they send you home with are a nice/sweet way to end the meal - but not worth the calories.  

The wait staff are fun, friendly, efficient - the camaraderie has a good feel to it."
Amazing place for the best BBQ in the Nation.  You can really taste the time and effort on preparing the food.
"The food was incredible, huge portions!  Our server Amanda by far the greatest we've seen in hospitality!"
"Best BBQ in Arizona, and best customer service. They really do go above and beyond to provide hospitality, and delicious fresh quality food. Wherever you are in Arizona it's worth the drive!!!"
"Each visit has never disappointed, over many years. Deliciously moist and tender meat, good service and ok sides. Wish they would bring the old happy hour back."
"Omg  I've had BBQ at quite a few places over the last 50 years and I'll have to say Bobby Q is the best. All the sides were great (grilled corn, mac-n-cheese, pecan cole slaw, potato salad). The baby backs were done to perfection and the pulled pork was tender and juicy. We have found our BBQ place.   Camden was one of the best servers. We were seated at a wobbly table at first Camden was more than happy to reseat us in another section without us even asking.  Food was promptly served. Hope you are hungry!!"
"Adore Bobby Q's, one time they messed up on our order but before we could even notice they apologized and brought out extras for our inconvenience. I'm always excited to come here, service is phenomenal. Down to the little small batch donuts made at the register. Great for family dinners or for couples dates."
"Yo yo yo yo my AZ peeps if you have not tried Bobby Q you must try  it Everything was FANTASTIC ! From beginning to end . Make sure you ask for the kick ass waiter , Kody !!!  Famous Dave look out because this place rocks . If you go let me know what you think . Enjoytip : call ahead for reservations because it's packed ."
"I love their food! I always eat the smoked brisket with mac n cheese and coleslaw.. My husband always gets the two meat combo with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. We love the mac n cheese and the doughnuts they give complimentary! 
The only thing I would say is try to make reservations because there is usually always a wait."
Never disappoints! My favorite place for a great dinner and worth the little extra cost; there is always another meal left for the next night.
"Were from Cali, were its hard time come by a good plate of BBQ. The food was amazing and shout out to Jessica and the amazing service that her and her team provide. If you are in the area make it a priority to stop by you will not regret it."
"Great food, our server was very friendly and the service was quick! It's a little hidden but that's makes it that much better"
"This is my second time in here and I'm never disappointed! The que rolls and pecan coleslaw are to die for! Our server, Christin, was amazing!"
"One of the best bbq restaurants that I have ever been to. There is always a long wait, but the staff was able to help us find a table at the patio. I think the patio is better than inside because it's spacious, and there are mist to cool the temperature off. We ordered Hog Heaven, fried onion rings and couple drinks for four of us, and we couldn't even finish all the food. 

Corn breads are delicious and just like the ones I had in North Carolina. It's not too sweet, outside of corn bread is a bit crispy and inside is soft. When you placed the butter on the top of corn bread, and the butter just melts right of away. This combination added extra flavor to corn breads. 

Whole Hog Heaven: beef ribs, pulled chicken, baby backs, prime briskets, mac & cheese, meshed potatoes, roasted corns. 

Man o Man, They are so delicious. briskets are moist and tender. you don't need to add any bbq sauce. Prime briskets are great to eat by itself. I like to eat mac & cheese after having briskets. M&C here are really good with a slide sweet taste in it. 

- Baby backs were cooked so well and the meat fell off the bones easily. 
- Pulled chicken was juicy and didn't have the dryness that chicken breasts usually have. 
- Beef rib is delicious and still attached to the bone, some people like it roasted so the meat would fall off easily. However, for me, I prefer to chew the bone. very yummy.

If you ever visit Phoenix, definitely stop by here and make reservation at least couple days ahead of time."
"Great food, crowded Friday night but were seated in 10 mins. Food price ranges from $ to $$$ perfect for everyone. Food was delicious great decor a must try!"
"Just finished a terrific dinner at this great barbeque restaurant.  From the sangria, frozen lemonade and cornbread to the baby back ribs, mac & cheese and coleslaw, it was all excellent.  Service was friendly, portions were generous and food was out very quickly.  The free take away bag of sugar donuts was a wonderful end for a delicious dinner.  Even at 5:30 on a Sunday night the restaurant was full and a reservation helped us to be seated promptly."
This place is still good but sandwiches are getting kind of small not very much meat at all of the bbq places I have been this used to be better
"We've gone to Bobby Q's several times over the past few years but this was the first time I was really compelled to write a review.  I went in for lunch today (on a Sunday) and much to my surprise they had a Sunday Feast special for $28.  It was 4 meats and 2 sides.  Phenomenal.  We had so much food left over we had to bring some home.  

The service was really good.  Our server was training someone as well and my experience at other restaurants is that usually slows things down.  Not today.  Our Iced Tea's were always full.  The only complaint I had was that I was trying to watch a football game on the TV and one of the servers turned the TV away from the dining room and towards the host station so they could see it.  They should be aware it's not about them - it's about their customer.  It wasn't a big deal so I wasn't going to say anything but thought I'd throw that in here in case the owner is reading.  

I still give it five stars today.  We will be back soon!"
"Amazing BBQ! 

the staff was super super friendly. I was planning on dinning in but was a little but tight on time so i end up doing take out - lol no free mini donut for takes out =( but whatever, the food was so much and fulling i probably won't be able to eat them anyway. 

ordered the 3 meat comb - beef brisket, baby back ribs, and st louis. all were very delicious. came with two sides - end up getting roasted corn and potato salad. the portion was big enough to feed two people! 

if u r doing take, there's a small little entrance on the side of the restaurant just for take out only. if i am ever back in town, i'll definitely come back!"
Our server Terry is awesome! His positive attitude and smile made for a great dinner experience. His service is 5 star and his recommendations could not have been better! Can not wait to come back! We will most definitely be requesting him as our server. Bobby Q did not disappoint!
Such bad service today came in to order some wings ordered them extra crispy at 3:56 and had to come all the way back because they weren't cooked right at all mind u I came all the way back from 83rd Ave and Thomas do know the time is 5:45 they replaced the wings but not the pizza that know was cold due to there error but no credit no owner came over no manager just not good service anymore
What a great find! This restaurant was fantastic. Very cute atmosphere and excellent full rack of babyback ribs for $29. Added a salad and it was perfect for my husband and me.
"This is the BEST BBQ place that I've found in the PHX area.  Everything I've tried here is amazing.  The BBQ sauce is the perfect blend of tangy, sweet and smoky.  Ribs are amazing.  Baked beans are awesome.  Corn bread is incredible.  The service is always top notch.  Ambiance and setting is really cool.  

You can't go wrong at Bobby Q.  Try it.  You will be going back every time you are in the mood for BBQ."
"Excellent food, I had the brisket and sausage link meal. For the sides I had potato salad and mac n cheese. The sides were just perfect.  My least favorite item was the brisket, it was a bit dry and lacked flavor. I still managed to give it 4 stars because everything else exceeded my expectations.  Tony was my server and customer service was superb.  Very attentive and sweet. I will be back"
"Very good dinner, a nice server who took care of us nicely. Donut as a present at the end . Everything just fine, loved this place."
Excellent food service was wonderful by sarina. Always visit this restaurant when in town
Food is way too expensive but fun atmosphere. It turns into a really cool nightclub after hours but every night is Latin night and a little diversity would increase business greatly. It used to be way better like 5 years ago. A lot classier of a crowd.
"Back in Phoenix with my wife and since I had to go to PF changs with her, I brought her to Bobby Q for a bbq dinner last night.  We ordered the whole hog, ribs. Pulled pork, brisket, 3 sides.  Great tasting and the services was exceptional as well as the food.  We shared the whole hog dish, and brought more home as leftover than we were able to eat.  Moving to Phoenix in a few months and this will be our bbq joint."
"Taylor Branch who is the dining room manager is fantastic! Professional, courteous, knowledgeable and extremely friendly. We have had dinner at this restaurant several times and largely due to the outstanding customer service we receive from Taylor as well as the great food! We will continue to visit this location."
"My friends and I were in Arizona for a couple of days and had the pleasure of trying Bobby Q's. Between the three of us we split a hog's heaven and baby back ribs, which we mostly devoured. Do not underestimate the hog's heaven. It is massive and delicious. I particularly enjoyed the st. Louis ribs.
It was overall a great experience, and our waiter Rishad was a delight. 9/10 would dine here again."
"I stopped in for lunch while visiting the area. Bobby Q is conveniently located near the GCU campus and well worth the trip if you're in the area. My daughter and I were in search for a little something to hold us over while shopping and the menu offered plenty of options for both small and large plates. Our waiter, Christopher, was knowledgeable and attentive, without being overbearing. He explained how several menu items were smoked in house, including the broccoli, which we decided to order. In a word, fantastic. I ended up having the pulled pork sandwich and my daughter decided on the hot wings. Everything was delicious. In summary, the selection is vast and the food, atmosphere, and service were remarkable."
"YUM!!! I would recommend this place if you are in the Phoenix area. My co-worker and I heard nothing but good things about it, so we decided to check it out.

Atmosphere: The exterior is quite deceiving. It looks like an old, big shack. The interior is gigantic and cozy. It is clean and organized. There's a pretty bar area, a doughnut station, and lots of tables. They have a separate area with another bar that I think is used for private parties or probably weekend nights. There were some cool decorations on the walls all over the place.

Service: It was great!!! Our server was so knowledgeable. She was friendly and personable, and she had fantastic, flawless makeup! Lol. A manager came by our table to see how we were doing during our meal. It added a nice touch knowing that they cared.

Food: Delicious! Cornbread? Yes! I ordered the grilled shrimp with macaroni and corn. The shrimp was cooked to perfection! And the seasoning was great. It was also great on the corn. I probably could've just eaten corn as a full meal and been happy. Hehehe. The macaroni was delicious, but it was as good as my mother-in-law's. Lol. My co- worker really enjoyed her meal - pulled pork and coleslaw. We split a dessert - the mud pie, and it was good, but we were hoping it'd be on par with the rest of the food. It wasn't, but it didn't take away from the meal. The best was probably the doughnuts!!! They give out free mini doughnuts. They are fresh and sooo wonderful!!! Don't forget them on your way out!"
A place that actually serves delicious home made food. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu!! & they have veggie burgers !
Husband and I came here as our last stop in Phoenix before we went home and we were not disappointed!! Food was soo good. My husband had the ribs and brisket and he loved it. I had the jumbo shrimp. The cornbread they give you is so good and so are the rolls!! They even gave us these little warm donuts to which were heavenly. The service was also excellent!!! If we ever go back to Phoenix we would definitely make a stop here again!!
"W O W ! ! ! 

Co-worker and I were working in the area for the week. We drove around past Outback, Texas BBQ spot even Black Angus - and we were GLAD we did - we found Bobby Q ok Yelp! Of course. 

Definitely a busy restaurant, which is fine because there was more than enough parking. 

I ordered the 2-meat combo plate. 
Beef Brisket 
Pulled Pork
Sides: Vegetables + Mashed potatoes 
Drink: Coke

The beef Brisket was AMAZING!!!! I picked up my fork and went for the beef brisket - the brisket was soooo tender, that it fell off the fork - OMG! 

Needles to say it was Delicious.
Same for the pulled pork. Very tasty! 

Everything else was perfect. 

I think my co-worker ordered one of the popular chicken meals. I know he enjoyed his meal. 

Overall awesome dining experience! 

A little high priced - but worth every penny!"
Outstanding meat!! Great place to eat. The service was great. Awesome hot mini doughnuts after the meal!!
Yo the best. Forget about it.  No where else to have bbq hands down the whole hog the way To go correct
"I've been here twice. Both times were awesome experiences. The food is absolutely amazing, service great, and price is on target for the experience.  I had the pulled pork and my friend had the brisket.  Both were tender and juicy.  Both of us agreed the best BBQ we've probably ever had.  We will be back, lots."
"Before walking in you could smell the aroma! Intoxicatingly good! :O and then we walk in and are seated with Phillip who kindly gave us pointers on what to get since this was the first time coming here. He was attentive and nice, true meaning of customer service! :) and within 10 minutes our meal was out! We ordered whole hog heaven and it filled four people, the meat was so tender, moist, and fell off the bones, BBQ sauce was delicious, Mac n cheese is absolutely rich and cheesy, and ending with donuts! Sooooooo good! Overall good prices for scrumptious food! Very impressed :) coming all the way from orange ca back to Arizona just for this restaurant!"
"Very solid experience!  This is a well put together restaurant.  Decor and ambience are very comfortable.  Place is very clean with a good energy.  Management is very visible and seem to spend a lot of time checking on there guests to ensure satisfaction.  

We had the the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese.  The fried chicken and gravy were excellent.  Good flavor all around and crispy crust on the chicken.  Chicken was moist and flavorful.  Gravy was also tasty and mashed potatoes were very good.  Mac and cheese was just ok. Not bad.  We also ordered the baby back ribs with a green salad and corn.  Baby back ribs were excellent fall off the bone, tender and juicy. The salad was very fresh, good size with tomatoes onions, cucumbers, croutons and homemade ranch dressing. Yum.  The only disappointment was the corn. It was mushy and swimming in greasy butter like sauce.  They need to change this one up.  Fresh corn on the cob with seasoned butter to the side would be a better option and a more worthy accompaniment to the rest of the delicious food.  

Service was spot on throughout, but getting check closed out was a bit slow, but not much to complain  about.  All in all a pretty great experience.  We'll be back and excited that they will have a new location soon at 32nd and Camelback!"
"first review ever..

best mac and cheese in my life thus far..

the smoke aroma from the ribs and sausage tends to break dance on your taste buds well after swallowing..

the meat falls right off of the bones..i know the term flaccid is not a great word to use for meat or marketing meat but the way everything retains its flavor while being cooked to perfection,  while maintaining abundant flavor is, while applying the laws of inertia through the recesses of your fork is incomprehensible..

I'll be back in 48 hours bc coming back tmrw just looks desperate.."
"Let me start by asking if there will be a Bobby Q in Heaven, and if not, can they at least open a location in all the major US cities (preferably Chicago)? This is literally the best BBQ restaurant I've ever tried... EVER. It's everything you'd want it to be and more. The service was great and I enjoyed the southern decor. We began our awesome experience with drinks at the bar as there was a little bit of a wait for a table. I got the Peach Tea and my husband got the Old Fashioned. Both were awesome! For dinner we split the three meat combo. We got St. Louis Ribs, Beef Brisket, and (Pulled) Pork. For our sides we chose grilled vegetables and the mac n cheese. OMG was it good. The meat nearly fell off the bones of the ribs because it was so tender and juicy. The pulled pork and the brisket did not disappoint either... but that mac n cheese, that was the best part! If you're a local or if you're just passing through, I'd highly recommend this place if you're looking for a good meal."
"My new BBQ favorite!! Was so yummy, the wait was insane and we were skipped a few times because she forgot our preference was the patio, but once we sat down it was excellent service and amazing food."
"Hands down some of the best BBQ I've ever eaten. I would say this is just as, if not better than some of the best BBQ I've had in TX. 

Don't pass on the Q-Rolls, we almost spoiled our dinner by devouring the amazingly melt-in-you-mouth brisket goodness. The spicy sausage and brisket was our favorite; the complimentary cornbread was great as well. 

All in all, a 5-star restaurant that we'll definitely be going back for more. We literally ate until we couldn't any more and then the check came to save us from ourselves... then the magic happened. After we paid our check, our waitress came back with a bag of the complimentary cinnamon sugar donuts we had watched them make fresh while we waited for our table. The perfect way to end the evening!"
"Unbelievable from the start. First of all our server Cameron was on point from start to end. He kept up with our drinks and made sure we were continuously taken care of. The ribs meat fell off the bone and the BBQ sauce was amazing. The person that made it a five star review was the manager Jack. Incredibly personable and remembered us by name. Thank you Bobby Q, I will be telling all of my friends and family about you guys!"
"Went on a Sunday and got a family type platter. It's good, reasonably priced, and 3 people can comfortably eat from it."
The service was very fast and courteous. I didn't have to wait a long time to be seated. Our server jason was very pleasant and prompt. Our food came out at a great timing and was still warm. I had the pulled pork sandwich and it's amazing. They're strawberry lemonade is also nicely made.
The food is pretty good but expensive for barbecue. For the price I'd be fine at Houston's.  If you want good barbecue in Phoenix go to Naked Barbecue or Angry Crab.
"We are in town hanging out with friends and came here for dinner. Wow, what a pleasant surprise! The food is amazing. From the cornbread to our main dish, whole hog heaven, every bite was simply delicious. Don't miss out on the food here."
We love Bobby Q. Brought the granddad who is from NC and TX. Even he was impressed. They have great bbq and the best MacNCheese. My wife craves it. Just be prepared for a long wait at rush.
There aren't enough words to describe how amazing and delicious this restaurant is! You would be crazy not to come here. Not only is the food top notch all of the employees are super friendly and helpful! Will definitely come back.
"This is a nice place with a great patio. We ate indoors and I tried their ""Perfect Burger"" and it was honestly the best burger I've ever had. I don't know what's in their secret sauce but it's amazing. Try the fried onion crisps on the burger - delicious. My husband had the beef brisket and it wasn't his favorite (that's the only reason I gave 4 stars). But we both liked it enough to go back."
"I went here with my boyfriend. Our waiter was being trained, but he did an excellent job! I got the pulled pork sandwich (minus the bun) with shoestring fries. My boyfriend got the sliced BBQ brisket sandwich with cole slaw. We both really enjoyed the BBQ meat. The BBQ was a very sweet (but not overly sweet), and delicious. The fries were amazing, but my boyfriend said the cole slaw was kind of dry and bland. They serve cornbread before the meal and it's extremely moist and good - wasn't blown away by any means, but it was your standard cornbread.

My boyfriend also ordered the frozen lemonade which was so amazingly good! If you've had the frozen lemonade cups at a ball game or something of the like - it tastes just like that except better! Comes with a sugar rim.

I'd definitely go here again. The only complaint I have is that it is small (they have outdoor seating, but when we went there were tons of bugs - ew!) and LOUD. Our table was also super wobbly. Only complaints though. Also, reasonably priced! My boyfriend and I escaped under $30 (not counting tip)."
"Very good BBQ.  I recently had the three meat combo. Baby back ribs were excellent, brisket had nice smoke flavor but was a bit fatty (for my taste), hot link was good.  Wouldn't go too far out of my way to back but if I lived nearby I'd be a regular.  The thank Q donuts are a nice touch."
"This was the best BBQ  brisket i've had in ages, very juicy not the least bit dry.  as other have mentioned the mac and cheese is outrageously good, soooo creamy.  better than many homemade recipes. go for the chipotle brisket app too."
Always enjoy my dining experience at Bobby Q's! The service and staff are attentive and professional!
"Yum! We shared the Whole Hog platter and loved everything: the baby back ribs, beef ribs, brisket, and sausage. My sons had a Perfect Burger and sirloin. Everything was 2 thumbs up. Good thing for the moist towelettes at the end bc we were a mess. Travis was a great server!"
"Brought my In-Laws from All the way from New Mexico to eat here and we stay in Gilbert AZ!!!! The service was outstanding!! 
MICHAEL our server did an outstanding job and was very pleasant and helpful. 
JASON the manager came over and asked how everything was. 

AGAIN the service and food were freaking great. Thank You Bobby Qs for making this Son In Law from New Mexico look good!!!"
"Had a fantastic evening with a ridiculous amount of food at Bobby Q's. Having visited on several occasions, we have never had a bad meal. In addition, the service is always outstanding.  Tyler and his team have always done a great job. In particular, Lexi is one of the best servers ever!"
"Hands down the best tasting BBQ in Arizona ! Hubby and I shared the smoasted. Chicken, roasted veggies and corn, and potato salad. Our server Rebekah was beyond helpful as it was our first time there. She even got us small sample of their Mac n cheese which was nice n creamy.  

Despite the fact that we got there ten minutes before closing this was a really good experience."
Didn't realize this was the old bobby mcgees till I pulled up. Came based on reviews and was skeptical. The only down side was the price. But the place deserves the high ranking. Not your typical BBQ lunch dive. Very nice place. Tried the Q rolls based on reviews. It was good but not something I have to have. Wish I didn't get em because I couldn't finish everything. Carolina q. Pulled pork with slaw and side of mac n cheese. They were right. Mac was solid. Corn bread was by far my favorite corn bread from a restaurant. Sand which was super. Four stars in conservative. Maybe 4.5. Try this place if you haven't been. To pricy to come often for me. But the service was high quality and atmosphere was great.
"This place was so good! We ordered the dish that came with a combo of three meats and three side dishes. The meats we got were beef ribs, st.louis ribs, and sausage. I love beef ribs so much and restaurants don't always have them. Not only do they have beef ribs they are to die for. They are the best I've had in my life! They were incredibly tender and flavorful. The st.louis ribs were also super tender and flavorful. The sausage was good but, we probably should have got more ribs because those ribs are just so awesome. The atmosphere is very nice. The staff was very attentive and nice. Oh and the best part is that it is cheap. Our bill came out to like 50 bucks which is very good because I'm used to spending at least 70 at any BBQ restaurant."
"An upscale BBQ place and very popular (reservations are recommended during dinner time)!  Nice decor, service was consistent, and an outstanding menu for BBQ lovers!  There is a bar with flat screen TVs and there are booths for couples at the bar area. Babyback ribs and beef ribs are made to perfection, lots of flavor, soft, and falls right off the bone.  Beef brisket was good too, sausage was ok.  A good selection of beverages, appetizers and sides as well...from mac&cheese to beans to cole slaw to grilled veggies.  Also served with complementary corn bread (yum!) and mini donuts at the end.  Large portions if you order BBQ meats, but not so much for the other dinners (e.g. fish).  Liked everything about this place except for its dinner price!"
"Okay, hard for me to give 5 stars to a casual restaurant but I totally agree with the overall Yelp rating that this place is 4.5 stars for food.  First time visit and have been meaning to go for 10 months since moving to PHX.  I got the Baby back ribs, potato salad & grilled veggies.  Ribs were great with little fat or gristle.  Pot. salad is awesome.  Two of my friends had the fried chicken (boneless) with chicken gravy.  I kept poaching their chicken, mac cheese and mashed potatoes. Corn bread is tasty but crumbles too easily for me.  Desserts were good.  

Definitely will be going back this summer a few times to this place.  I was in NC on vacation two weeks ago and ate at two BBQ places and they pale in comparison."
"This place is amazing for BBQ or just coming in to have a drink.  I had the half slab ribs with skinny fries and beans. My colleague had the brisket with beans and coleslaw.  Service was friendly and the manager paid us a visit to see how we were enjoying our dinner.  I had their old fashion which wasn't amazing, but suitable.  The beans are great because they add chunks of brisket.  I'm a big fan of skinny fries too and they were good. They gave us some complimentary miniature cinnamon donuts which were addicting."
I love this place!!!!! Great pricing on Food! Wonderful costumer service and I love the experience I get when I'm there ! The food is amazing !!!!!
"Bobby Q is set back off the freeway in a slightly shady part of town, but don't let that deter you! The parking lot is covered in huge Eucalyptus trees so you can have shade on those hot summer days when you spend the next 1 to 2 hours of your life here haha. The BBQ here is delicious. The meat is moist and not overly wood tasting. I have had BBQ that had so much wood smoke cooked into it I was burping up the taste for the next 3 hours. Yuck. The potatoes are so good and the best part are the house made donuts in the brown baggies you get on your way out. He donuts are worth going here for alone yum! The staff is always attentive and it has a more upscale vibe. The outdoor area is shaded and has very tranquil water features so it is enjoyable to eat outside as well."
This place had great service along with amazing BBQ. We are very hard to please when it comes to BBQ coming from KC. Which has a lot of great BBQ!
"I noticed that the owner/manager of Bobby Q is frequently on this yelp page, so I really hope he gets to this review because I had a fantastic dinner at Bobby Q's Sunday night. The food, ambience, and everything was great, but what really set this place over the top for me was our server, Anthony.

So if the staff over at Bobby Q's ever reads this, I just want to let them know how impressed I was with Anthony's service(enough to toss him a $10 tip on a $20 check, it'd be more but a starving student can only give so much haha). He was not only attentive and helpful but was very friendly throughout the night. Coming by at the most opportune times to offer us water refills, extra sauce(warmed sauce, fancy!), and even suggested different items on the menu that he thought we'd like better(which we did!) Such a great guy and really made a huge difference in our dining experience.  So if you ever get the chance to stop by Bobby Q's, ask for Anthony and toss him a huge tip as a thank you after you have one of the greatest dining experiences of your life!  Haha.

All that aside, the food at Bobby Q's was great as well. We got the three meat combo with Beef Ribs(great), Baby back ribs(my personal favorite), and beef brisket(a tad bit dry, but still good) with Mac and cheese(amazing!) and shoestring fries(also good) as the sides. Everything was great, and the fact that we didn't have to wait an hour like at other BBQ places was another huge plus as well. The food came quick, was piping hot, and they even split it onto two plates for us because I was splitting the food.

At the end of the dinner, they gave us some cinnamon donuts to-go with our meal, which was the real cherry on top of everything. Loved this place, will definitely be bringing friends here for BBQ nights, and I could go on for days about the great service from Anthony."
"Worst service ever.  Manager has no manners 


I would never recommend this place. Ghetto!!"
"The service here is refreshing.  The servers are friendly and not rushed, they hold a friendly conversation - not a canned ""are you celebrating something special tonight?"" Like a particular restaurant I frequent.  The food is prepared properly (steak done as requested) and prices are reasonable."
"If your into all things smoked or BBQ this place it the place for you! The b.b ribs are fall off the bone delicious! Love the ambiance, low lights, and country music! 
Don't worry about not getting dessert. They give you complimentary freshly made doughnuts. Yummy x100! 
Lunch time is the best time. love the wait staff! Good job you guys."
"I was traveling with my husband and after flight we decided to eat in Bobby Q.  We have some good restaurants back in Chicago and we enjoy many of them but I have to tell you that we did not expect this restaurant to have such a good food.  
We had full size fire roasted baby back ribs, roasted vegetables, baked potato and house salad.  Those ribs were so soft and BBQ sauce was amazing!!!
Even vegetables had a scent of the real fire and had a perfect tenderness. Our fully loaded potato was exquisite.  Just a perfect taste.  Salad- was a house salad. Good tasting but Nothing special about it.  
If they had mixed greens or spinach- It would be my favorite place.  Nevertheless I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone. 
Andrew and Elwira"
"We dined here last night for a family birthday celebration.  I've lived in the valley for 20 years but it was my first time coming here. The food was delicious - brisket and baby back ribs were my two favorites. I was a little surprised at the size of the sides - smaller than I would've expected for the prices they charged but they, too, were delicious. Across the table we ordered a couple of 'whole hog' platters, burgers, wings, house salads and 3 desserts. We all left very happy and stuffed!

The highlight of our meal, however, was our server Travis. You can often tell when a server first approaches your table what kind of service you'll receive throughout your meal - and he did not disappoint. He was kind, efficient and personable. Serving a family like mine is not easy but he did it with ease. I highly recommend you ask to be seated in his section when you arrive for your meal. 

The front of house staff was also great (bussers, hosts) which tells me that the training at Bobby Q's is top notch. It's hard to find a restaurant that has checked off all the boxes - great service and great food - but they do it. Don't hesitate to go here!!"
"Great service! Good cornbread, decent coleslaw but it ends there. Our waiter was awesome. He deserves 5 stars. Had a gift card to use & was craving ribs, ordered the big pig platter and the ribs were all that was edible to my liking. Obviously this place isn't hurting because it is packed!!! I will continue to go back to my usual bbq joints."
"A bunch of friends and I tried this place for my husband's birthday the other day after I found it here on Yelp.  For the love of everything tasty, this place was the BEST barbeque place I have ever been to (aside from a place I loved that went out of business in San Diego).  After reading all the reviews about the appetizers and entrees, I pretty much already knew what I wanted to order before even sitting down at our table.  

Our waiter, Lorenzo, couldn't have been better with his service and sense of humor.  The feel of the interior was a mix of casual and modern yet not too overly countryfied...there weren't dead animals hanging on the walls staring at me as I ate or hides either.

The group of us ordered the Onion Block for our appetizer.  I am not an onion person, but am a fan of the Bloomin' Onion at Outback.  But I can tell you right here and now that the Onion Block at BobbyQ's was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G-L-Y delicious!  It had the perfect crispy consistency, but what made it was the BBQ ketchup that it comes with.  I could have ate the sauce by itself.  The 6 of us ravaged it.  

For our entree, my husband and I went for one of the winning combinations, particularly the BBQ chicken and prime rib.  We decided on the ranch beans and the Mac & Cheese (after the reviews) for our sides.  I went to ask for an order of corn bread (3 for $1.50) but Lorenzo told me that he would bring us a basket for all of us.  So, I am not sure if that is something that is included, kind of like chips and salsa at Mexican food joints.  

The chicken was absolutely juicy and had the perfect amount of sauce and the prime rib was also juicy and melted in my mouth (we ordered it cooked Medium).  First, the Mac & Cheese was so very creamy and tasty that I had to stop myself from eating that and get back to the meat.  But the ranch beans tasted like so many others I have tasted, not bad though.  My friends and I, who also ordered the M&C, noticed a hint of jalapeno (not spicy, just the taste).  We asked Lorenzo and he told us they have two types of melted cheese in the kitchen, one being the cheese they usually use for the M&C and then this pepper jack/jalapeno cheese they use for other dishes.  He had said they must have accidentally used the wrong one and that it hadn't been the first time it happened.  This was so not a problem, b/c that jalapeno taste was actually what made it, I think.  I'll have to request it next time.  

The desserts didn't impress me much, but I knew from the reviews, we'd be getting free donuts before we left.  I loved that touch!  Mark my words, we will be going back more than once.  I'm sure we will take our in-laws and my family to give them the chance to taste BobbyQ's deliciousness!!!!!"
"My wife and I decided to try this place after looking for somewhere to have lunch on a Saturday afternoon. What a great decision that was! 

The restaurant is located on 27th avenue near I-17 and off of Northern. It is tucked away in the neighborhood, but don't let that fool you. Once inside, you will be treated to some of the best food you have ever had.

Our server, Jessica, was awesome! She was funny, helpful, courteous, attentive, and laughed at my stupid jokes (definitely a plus). The service there is outstanding, and makes the experience there that much better...if it's possible.

The menu is stacked with food that will make your mouth water. We are told that they cook all of their meats on-site for at least 20 hours. My wife had the beef brisket with corn and mashed potatoes. I had the smokehouse burger with mac and cheese as my side. Both were cooked to perfection and melted in our mouths. Be warned, the portions are big. Come hungry or be prepared to take many to-go boxes with you home, as we did. But that did not stop us from having dessert. My wife had the Death By Chocolate and I had the Banana creme pie. Both were so good that we were depressed when we were done eating them. When they bring you the check, they give you a couple of little doughnuts as a after dinner treat. Excellent!

The price is very reasonable for the quality of the food you will be eating. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu, and this time come with empty bellies!"
"In Arizona for spring training games.
Went with a friend who had been before.

Amazing food!

Our server Alexis and her contagious laugh and top notch service made the experience wonderful!

Our friend had her as their server when they were there before as well.

You are in Phoenix and hungry make Bobby Q's as definite destination !!!"
"A few of us from work arrived from the airport around 8; one of them had been here before and decided to take us for dinner.

What I liked:
-loved the cornbread!!!
-3 meat plate, great mix of chicken, ribs, and brisket. Ribs were nice, tender meat off the bone, great sauce and pit-smoked; excellent value for 20 bux!, 
-loved the roasted corn as a side
-unique dessert, complimentary mini donuts
-young staff, very friendly; for single guys, some of the staff are eye candy

Why no fifth star:
-the server, albeit friendly, did forget our wine orders, so I had to knock a star off.

Great BBQ place, excellent food and good value. There's a Q lounge next door, so will definitely stop by the next time I'm in PHX. Wasn't sure if I was in the meat mood, but BOBBY Q satisfied by BBQ fix!!!"
"The hostess and manager seemed super happy. gave my family a very special welcome. The donut machine was fun to watch. Great to see this place was nice and busy. We were still able to get a seat within 10 minutes. We sat order drinks and apps. The waitress gave us enough time spread out our food orders so we had time to eat our apps. We like relax time in our meals. Happy not to be rushed. BBQ chicken was great, my little ate all the corn and mac. Very clean place."
My husband and I have been coming here for the past four years every time we come for spring training. We love this place. You can't go wrong with anything you order here. The service is always fast and friendly. Never have to wait  too long to be seated even during peak hours. The adult beverages are good here as well. Also at the end of the meal you get these amazing cinnamon sugar donuts.
This place was great the food was delicious and the customer service was great. I especially like when the managers come by and greet you. That is a nice touch! Just go there ready to eat lol. We sat outside and it was comfortable and it felt good but I was extremely tired so who knows how you will feel but from the looks of it everyone around me was having a good time.
"Cheap Beer, Platters full of BBQ Meat, Good Music, and Basketball on the TV.

How can this not be an awesome place?!?!

Another gem of a find from Yelp while staying in Phoenix. Again, out of the way, from where we were staying anyway.  Another place smack dab in the middle of a neighborhood. Another place with friendly service, amusing barfly regulars, and good food.  If it weren't so hot in Phoenix, I'd have a crisis about living arrangements!

Happy Hour in the bar was great: $3.00 large beers on tap and 1/2 off appetizers. We shared some hot wings which were very tasty. I wanted more of those, for sure.

After about 3 or 4 beers, we went with the Whole Hog Feast. The name alone is awesome!  For 36 bucks we got:
-Baby Back Ribs
-St. Louis Ribs
-Pulled Pork
-Beef Brisket
-Mac N. Cheese
-Cole Slaw
-Baked Potato
-Cornbread

Um, hello?!?! This was so much food and it was all good!  The cornbread was sweet and had great texture; meat was tender and flavorful, mac n cheese was rich and creamy. A little spicy bbq sauce on the side to kick everything up was a nice addition. Mouth is watering a little now just typing it out!  Although we were stuffed (and had a full to go box ready), we had to try the Peach Cobbler. So good.

Again, if I lived nearby, my pants would be in serious jeopardy of fitting properly! =)"
"It was good, but didn't blow my mind. The sides were sub-par as expected. We have a SmokePro Camp Chef at home so maybe I am spoiled with what my husband makes? I just wasn't blown away by the BBQ and it wasn't any different than other places I've been. I did really enjoy the fried dough before we left. Those were yummy, but hard to mess up fried dough. Service was great and so was the atmosphere. Next time I would probably go with a simple sandwich rather than the 2 meat combo. My ribs were fall of the bone good and very tender."
"So, once again we go to Bobby Q's and were lucky and blessed to have the most excellent service from Christen our waitress, who was on top of it the whole time, in the most positive way! We were here for lunch to celebrate my in-laws birthdays and she did everything to make it very pleasurable and fun for them! The food was as awesome as the service too! We will definitely be sure to ask for her again! Thank you! And to the whole staff, thank you! 
Elizabeth Diaz."
Been here 3 times now and tonight's server was the best communicator yet! Rishad rocks! So does all the BBQ and variety of choices. Oh yeah!
"Loved the foods (baby back rip & St. Louis style ribs) and Q-rolls with nice treat of corn breads. 
Q-Lada was one of best drink I had. 
Plus the server was very nice and pleasant."
"All I can say is wow! BEST BBQ EVER! I had the two meats - went with baby back ribs and brisket. The ribs were so meaty and tender. The brisket was good, but did I mention wow meaty and tender those ribs were? Great flavor. For sides I had mac n cheese and grilled veggies. The mac n cheese is super cheesy. I'm not a huge mac n cheese fan but ordered it based on our waiters suggestion. Glad I did. It was great. Our son had the roasted corn and said it was great too. He had the pulled park and brisket. He liked both. Hubby had baby back ribs and loved them as much as me. The cornbread was excellent too.  We were stuffed and then came the little bag of heaven. The meals ends with the most amazing little cinnamon and sugar donuts. Can we get a few more of those bags to go? Great service, great food what more could you want? If we were staying in Phoenix longer, I would come back."
"Riley our server was awesome and the manager Jason came to our table to check on us too. Great place for family and some of the best food in AZ. Mac n Cheese, all meats platter, baked potato and cornbread. Wow.

Some of the best service provided here in Phoenix."
"The service is excellent. For appetizers we had the Q-rolls which were amazing, we also had the Smoked Wings which were not smoked. They were deep fried and very dry. We had the three meat combo with bone in chicken, baby back ribs and sausage with the veggie of the day and ranch beans. The favorites were the Chicken and ribs. The  sausage was ok. My son had the baby back ribs and enjoyed them very much. Grand daughter had the brisket tacos and said they were amazing. The highlight of the night was the bread pudding. It's a definitely a 5."
"One of the best BBQs we have had! Cornbread , trip tip , backed potatoe, Mac and cheese all was great!! You will not be disappointed !"
Bobby Q's doesn't even come close to Bobby McGhee's.  It's expensive and not a good value for the money.  The service is mediocre in comparison to what was provided by it's predecessor.  I am not in any way interested in shelling out $50-60 @ pop for a catered affair there.
"Great place with a wonderful atmosphere, vast selection of food and a dance club to boot!"
"We had lunch there today after reading the positive reviews about this eatery.  They lived up to their reputation.

We were greeted and seated as soon as we arrived.  Our server explained the history of the restaurant and went over the menu items.

The food arrived within 10 minutes of placing the order.  All items were hot and ready to eat."
"Everything about this place was great!! The ribs were fall off the bone delicious!!! The sides were amazing. The atmosphere was fantastic. I miss good, well done food loke this."
Service was great. Dylan B was amazing. Food was delicious. Only one request...hopefully you'll bring Peach Cobbler on your dessert menu.
"I was there for a bday party , in Az in the patio 115 Degrees outside !!! But let me tell you , the misters, food and drinks were awesome. Service was excellent ! Will come back soon to enjoy the amazing food and environment."
Not the best ribs I've ever had but great sides and a pretty cool place to hang out with a large BBQ menu!
"It is always a pleasure to come here the quality of the food quality of the service the quality of the atmosphere still to this day exceeds my expectations.
Each time I come I feel a little more blessed when I leave my day is easier and my evenings are sweeter.
I recommend if your looking for a jewel in life consider this a diamond"
"Our last stop in Phoenix before returning to reality and I was craving some ribs, Bobby Q was a suggestion I'm so glad I opted to go for.

 First of all the building itself is very southern style and includes a trough like waterfall on the back patio with a unique water fountain that is really fun. 
 While waiting to be seated I asked about a fryer like contraption which was for their COMPLIMENTARY churro like donuts and was surprised with two to start our dining experience!
 Love that the manager himself sat us and attended to us a couple times, for customer service oriented was the impression I received, as well as the fact that everyone including our server introduced themselves. 
 Scott was kind enough to offer some suggestions as well as provide another COMP that being their cornbread muffins. O.M.G they are seriously worth the trip  in itself. Just a bit sweet and buttery with a slightly crisp top.

 I ordered the St Louis style ribs with a side of spicy BBQ sauce and baked potato. They truly fell off the bone, super flavorful from the mesquite smoking and the sauce while not unique was very good. The baked potato was good, cooked just a bit too long, however hubby had the gravy which I used a bit for the potato and it was amazing. I suggest asking for the baked potato, if not going for mashed, to have with gravy.
 Hubby had the fried chicken and side of fries with gravy on the side. The chicken was EXTREMELY moist and the batter once fried was light and crunchy. We have concluded however that unless it's KFC or a restaurant in the South we aren't going to get much flavor from the batter itself. However that's what the gravy is for and it was extremely good, I believe sausage based minus the actual meat. The shoestring fries were good but not specially seasoned like we get at our favorite Tucson BBQ joint. 

 We were going to order the mud pie for dessert however they were sadly out. 

Truly amazing even with the minor drawbacks, I would done here monthly if we're in Phoenix.."
"This might be my longest review ever. You don't have to read it, but you probably should. 

How this place has over 700 reviews to begin with is beyond me. Not even Amy's Baking Company has that many reviews and, as you might know, was heavily trolled after it aired on Kitchen Nightmares. They must be handing out money to folks for writing this shit. Or they're planted reviews. What's even more baffling is that it has a solid 4 stars. Methinks something is not quite right, but whatevs. Let's move on, shall we?

This place is truly bizarre. I've been here maybe a total of 3-4 times since it first opened many years ago. It's a BBQ restaurant / club-lounge thingy. And as I learned for the first time at happy hour yesterday, it's apparently two different restaurants. At least, that's how everyone acted. My boss had made reservations for us in the Q Lounge for their Friday happy hour. Apparently you can just walk in (provided you're 21) and eat a buffet spread for free. But not until you get past the LAUNDRY LIST of dress code rules. Yes, a restaurant that serves BBQ, near Ghettrocenter, has a fucking idiotic dress code. Seriously some of the dumbest shit I have ever seen. I thought I was in metro Phoenix at a BBQ restaurant, not a Scottsdale nightclub. The list includes asinine things such as: No white t-shirts, no hats, no sunglasses, no sandals, and must be a cougar. I wanted to be like, mo' fucker, do you know this is PHOENIX? We wear sunglasses upon walking up. We wear hats to shade our faces from the blazing sun. We wear sandals, often times fashionable ones, so our feet don't get all sweaty. And white t-shirts? Now you're just acting foolish. Of course, my boyfriend whom I invited, was wearing a white t-shirt, with a nice button-up collared dress shirt (it was unbuttoned), a hat (a nice one, like derby style), and sunglasses because um, to shield your eyes? He was asked to button up his shirt, remove his sunglasses (no shit Sherlock, don't we all once we get inside?), and remove his hat. Mind you, he's a nice dresser, not some hobo with tattered clothes (usually). Had I not been invited by my boss to this happy hour, I would've bounced right then and there. It all just seemed like some giant, corny joke.

Time for a paragraph break. It helps your eyeballs if you break things up. I'd like to point out that the actual restaurant portion does not honor said happy hour. That's right, you must go to the 21+ side with the fun dress code rules to have happy hour, even though it gets insanely crowded with nowhere to sit. Oh wait, you CAN order a happy hour beverage, but you have to get up from the table and walk your ass to the bar. If you order a beverage at your table, it'll be full price.

I will now talk about the redeeming qualities which merited that killer 2-star review. The food is very good. The mac and cheese is the cheesiest, and all of the meat is incredibly tender. A wee bit overpriced, but not awful. They also give you free freshly-made donuts when you leave instead of a damn dinner mint. That's pretty dope. The staff is very kind. Our sever, Alicia (sp?), was very sweet and accommodating. Kudos to her.

Lastly, it's confusing as shit to get into this place. The parking lot is weird, and if you've never been, you'll have no idea where to enter. The Q Lounge vs the restaurant portion. Two different places, remember. Even though...it's...not.

Note: Just don't dress like you live in Phoenix. You might not get inside to the dopest dance club in all of metro Phoenix."
"Prices are too high for the quality of food. All of our baked potatoes were day old and both looked and tasted awful. My almost $7 garden salad was very small and was only iceburge lettuce and two tomatoe pieces. For $7, really?!!! Will not come back"
"Bobby Q absolutely exceeded my expectations. The ambiance, food, and service were all absolutely phenomenal. Cody, our server, was present, friendly and aware of everything going on. He even brought little donuts for us to take home! We shared the Platter, and it did not disappoint! Would absolutely come back here, and thankful that we found a new spot that's close to home!"
Thank You Jack an Nathan are the best!!!! The food an the friends are awesome!!!!!!!! I will always go back!!i I really do not go anywhere else cause it feels like home here!!
"So I am adding another star to my review based on the fact that Jack reached out to me to apologize on the items that didn't live up to Bobby Q's standards. That speaks volumes when a restaurant takes the time, especially ones that are as busy as this one. If and when we return if the bbq is as awesome as this takeout was and the sides are up to par I will update again to five star because the meats were truly delicious.

This review has me a little torn. I ordered take out for my Mother's 89th birthday. A combo of meats by the pound, brisket and pulled pork. Pecan coleslaw and a half pan of apple cobbler. 

Ordering was a breeze over the phone and they emailed a credit card authorization form just in case I needed another family member to pick up.

Arriving the day of and most of the meal had been packed I just had to wait for the cobbler for a few minutes. Everything was packed nicely and they had wrapped the extra sauces in plastic wrap to avoid spills.

I must say the bbq was outstanding. Brisket tender and pulled pork was fantastic. Probably the best I ever had. I was a little surprised that the meats had been sauced though. Don't get me wrong their sauce is delicious but the proteins were so flavorful it didn't need any sauce.

Now the coleslaw was good but it didn't have any pecans as advertised on the menu. Another family member said they usually put the nuts in a cup to add but we didn't have any.

The cobbler. Looked picture perfect. Looked. Apples and sauce perfectly seasoned and the apples held their shape with a touch of crispness still. The crust was good along the edges but the middle was raw. Completely raw. 

Next time we will just order proteins because they truly were delicious. The sides left a lot to be desired. And when you pay $17 for coleslaw it should be perfect."
"I'm a BBQ nut and super picky. This was a good spot to meet a friend and have a nice meal. 

Brisket Sandwich: Both my friend and I ordered the same main dish and both of us had the same reaction. The brisket was pretty tender but the flavor underwhelmed us. It wasn't bad at all, but again, I'm a super picky with BBQ. I wanted the brisket to ignite my taste buds with the flavor of the cut. It had flavor just not in the way I was after. 

Roasted Corn: This was pretty good. It's a grilled and well seasoned piece of corn on the cob. Once it's done, they cut the corn from the cob, put it in a dish and serve it. It's a good BBQ side. 

Beans: My friend had the beans and enjoyed them. 

Service: Friendly, timely, attentive. The food was hot and served in a timely manner. 

Summary: A nice spot for a casual dinner, date night or even a laid back business meeting. Food was good and atmosphere was inviting. Would consider going again if I was in the area."
"Totally great BBQ. Great drinks, BBQ and staff. They cater and have to go food, give them a try you wont be disappointed."
"The food was awesome. We ordered the 3 meat combo with ST. Louis ribs, brisket and sausage. Everything was delicious and I loved their bbq sauce. The mac and cheese was good, it was almost too creamy for my liking tho and the baked potato was also good. All in all, a really good meal and our server was extremely nice and attentive. The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the manager in the picture who greeted the customers to our left, skipped our table, table to our right, behind us, in front of us ..yeah, you get the idea. He introduced himself to everyone, checked how their meal was going, and asked if their server was taking care of them. But skipped right over us. Not saying he's racist, but...."
The wait qas around 10 minutes on a Sunday night. The service was awesome and food was really good and came out very fast!
"Out of town, wanted steak.  Tried to go the another restaurant in area and the wait was 1 hr plus. Saw this cute quaint place and drove in.  Parking lot ample for our big truck. Didn't mind the wait, said 45 mins, got a beer while we waited.  Seated after 30 mins.  Our server was outstanding, food was quite possibly the best we've had at a bbq, steak restaurant.  Prices were fine with the exception of the zucchini appetizer that seemed a bit over priced for the quantity received.  Dining room was loud but not enough to stifle conversation.  Would definitely go back."
"The place was packed. Well, it was a Sat night! Made a reservation and got seated on time. Food was as we expected. Service was good. 

It is a drive from our home, but probably would go again."
"First impression of Bobby Qs: especially polite and helpful service calling in for our party of seven reservation.Then we arrived to the best service we've had in a LONG time, from the hostesses to our amazing waiter, Dylan and all of the others that helped him serve us. Dylan truly went above and beyond. Now: the food. Wow, it was delicious! Tender ribeye, fall off the bone ribs, Mac and cheese, roasted veggies, baked potatoes, brisket tacos, everything was so flavorful and amazing! We ended our night with some yummy desserts and... oh you gotta get the doughnuts, add some apple pie and ice cream to the top and dig in. So good!! Dylan recommended the Q Rolls--Brisket filled flour tortilla fried up and served with some yummy sauces. They are a must! Bottom line-when in Phoenix, stop in at Bobby Q's!"
"Bobby Q has been a part of the neighborhood ever since I was a kid. Before my last visit, it had been a solid 10 years since my last time. I wasn't sure what to expect as I didn't remember any of it. I was excited to see how good the BBQ was and to support a local place. 

FOOD: We ordered the ""Whole Hog"" which comes with 2 types of ribs (your choice), 2 types of meat (your choice), and 3 sides (your choice). This sampler platter was $55, but a great trial for three people. The food only took about 15 minutes to be prepared and brought to our table. Holy cow it was a great feast! My personal favorite from that meal was the St. Louis Ribs. Those ribs were cooked to perfection and fell off the bone with amazing flavor. The sausage was also extremely delicious with a hint of spice. The sides we chose were mac & cheese, baked beans, and roasted corn. All of these were exceptional and well worth it. The food alone will have me coming back to try other menu options. 

SERVICE: Our server was Dustin. He was a really nice guy who knew a lot about the menu and how all this great food is prepared. One of the people in my group had a dairy allergy, and Dustin was able to help accommodate us on what we could order. I was really impressed with the service and how friendly everyone was. 

OVERALL: Bobby Q shocked me with their delicious food and exceptional service. The ambiance of this restaurant makes you feel right at home with a southern BBQ style vibe, and food that is to die for. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the valley who is looking for a great BBQ place to try."
"This place was simply incredible: from the wonderful waitress to the quality of the food. The ambiance was very relaxed as we sat outside in the patio area. The server was very positive and professional. Our beef ribs, cornbread, onion loaf, rotisserie chicken, St. Louis ribs, cheeseburger, and kid's meals were all awesome. Portions were hefty, and pricing was very reasonable. This is definitely one of the best barbecue restaurants I've been to in a long time. Best beef ribs and cornbread; hands down. I'll definitely be returning to this great restaurant with my wife and children for another extraordinary experience."
"Not sure why this place is so highly rated. I think it's just mediocre Q. Ordered the whole hog with baby backs, beef ribs, pulled pork and brisket. The baby backs were over cooked as you couldn't even lift them by the bone. The meat had no pull on it and just fell off the bone. Any bbq expert knows that ribs need a little pull and resistance to being completely pulled off the bone. The meat was of course mushy. That is not tender meat, it's over cooked. The beef rib was very good. The brisket was dry and not extraordinary. The pulled pork was not remarkable. Mac and cheese was really good. Corn had been cooked way too long. The donuts at the end of the meal were a nice touch. If you like bourbon you will be disappointed in the selection. The place gets super crowded so make sure you have reservations. But I'm sure there are better bbq joints in this town."
"I was in Phoenix , from Las Vegas,  attending a convention. Wanted some good bbq so we Googled. This place came up so we decided to give it a try.  We were not disappointed.  Loved the baby baby ribs and pecan cole slaw. One friend was not hungry for dinner so she ordered dessert only. She said that bread pudding was superb,  the best she's ever had.  We are very particular about our bread pudding. I've had terrible bread pudding at casino buffets but also good bread pudding at Lola's A Louisiana Kitchen. My sister loves the bread pudding at Famous Dave's Barbecue. So we now know where to get some great bread pudding. I love that the meat is smoked at least 22 hours. BbQ done correctly.  Bob himself also came by our table to greet us / meet us. Nice fellow! Wishing you continued success,  sir!"
"This place is great. I love the atmosphere and the food. I got a very positive vibe from the hostess and servers. I ordered the beef and pork ribs with corn and Mac n cheese. All were great. Meat did fall off the bones. The Mac and cheese was awesome. The corn was tasty but oily. The corn bread is good too. 
As good as it was I can't come often to drop $30 for a combo rib plate all the time. It was a nice treat for me that night though."
"Went to Booby Q this past week while on PHX for business.   The place was packed, yet we were able to get a couple of seats in the bar area.

Our server was relatively new there, but good and kept it lively.  We ordered and the food was out pretty quickly. 

For the price, I found the servings rather small, but very tasteful.  Quality competes with our local ""Phil;s BBQ"" on San Diego.

At the end, the server took the check and said ""let me get you some doughnuts.""  We were like...WHAT?  The guy brings back a bag full of cinnamon sugared, hot, fresh doughnuts. They were awesome!!!

They have a doughnut machine behind the hostess stand and truly make fresh doughnuts on the spot!! I would go back, just for the doughnuts."
This bbq gem is very unassuming from the outside. We pulled into the back parking lot and I was really not expecting much. We go in and not only is it a decorated super cute we were greeted right away and the place was beyond busy. I ordered the Wednesday special. Truth be told I would get it every Wednesday if I could! Our server brought us corn bread which was so good and after our meal she gave us a small bag of mini cinnamon and sugar donuts which were obviously freshly made.
"Spacious facility for larger groups.  Loved lunching outside on the porch, covered but still having an outdoors feeling.  I had a great salad, Bobby's chicken with blue cheese that had chunks of cheese in the dressing.  Only negative was being able to hear what the person across the table was saying."
"Really good place to take the family, they have good serving sizes, and some of the best BBQ in town...  Love it!   And ALWAYS friendly staff."
"Not bad, a bit overpriced, the decorations are nice, it would have been better if the customer service was better, it was bland"
"This restaurant is amazing! The food is to die for, probably the best bbq ive ever had! The salmon and shrimp is also amazing. They serve cornbread with most meals; i dont even like cornbread but here i do! The q-rolls appetizer is incredible! Also the servers are kind and the managers come and converse with you! The atmosphere is amazing with beautiful lighting. If you havent been to this restaurant you are missing out! Perfect for a date or family night out"
"This place is legit! Very good tasty food! Awesome environment! I visit Phoenix often - will stop by this place again. 

I ordered the brisket, pulled pork and ribs! Best in Phoenix!"
"Good food, good service, but BBQ could be better.
We had a three meat sampler with pork, brisket, ribs, garlic bread, corn bread, Mac and cheese and French fries (nothing healthy about this).  All in all the food rates good.  The BBQ had a nice, smoky flavor, however the all the meat had the same consistency.  While moist, none of it held texture.  Everything just fell apart into a tasty meat mush.  
The server was excellent, prompt and timely."
Good food and smells great. The corn bread and the donuts at the end are yum. Our waiter was very attentive and the atmosphere was nice.
"OMG - come for the corn bread; stay for the BBQ.  I'm usually luke-warm about corn bread -- a few bites and I'm bored. But THIS stuff was out of this world!  Not too sweet, moist and slightly crumbly (without being doughy), and a delightful crunch from the toasted crust.  I'd be OK with them giving me the recipe (OK, give it to my wife -- my cooking is primarily associated with grilling and smoking after all).

OK, let's talk brisket-- tender and tasty, served with a dollop of sauce. Nice that it's not drowning in it; they'll bring you a small pitcher of it if you prefer it that way (not me -- I like to taste the cow!)

Thirsty? Nine bucks for a 21-oz draft (if you only want one beer); smaller pours are available if you're dieting)

Service was top notch -- a tip of the hat to our server Noah. Very helpful, perfect timing, and just downright hospitable. 

The only (minor) ding is the Mac N Cheese. A little gummy and the cheese was bland -- but hey -- it's just a side dish, not the main attraction. 

We walked away stuffed to the gills, and a bag with some leftovers to go with my eggs in the morning. 

5 stars means we'll be back for more on our next trip"
Dylan was such a great and personable server! Made our dinner great and fun! Great employee there. Food was great.
"First, the food was amazing. We both had the BBQ Pulled Chicken sandwiches and the chicken had just the right amount of sauce and smoke but what really was amazing was how tender the meat was. You could tell they truly do smoke everything in house and take great care in the preparation. Secondly the service was outstanding. Our server Orlando was great and really friendly with our daughter but even though the restaurant was about half full the managers went around to every table checking in. Everyone was super helpful and friendly and you can tell they know how to run a great restaurant. We drove over from Scottsdale where we are staying and can't wait to come back the next time we are in town."
Bobby Q has become one of my very favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  I have always had fantastic food and impeccable service.  I highly recommend anyone trying this place if you haven't before.
Awesome food! Great service!! Definitely would recommend this restaurant!! Wear your loose pants because you will want to eat every bite!
"It was good, don't get me wrong. Portions are HUGE! Q rolls are a delicious appetizer (honestly could have gone for another order for my meal ). But the food was just ehhh (don't hate me) - nothing special. I recommend upgrading your fries to the beer fries (instead of the shoestring). The steak is REALLY Smokey if you're into that... it just wasn't what I was used to, so it wasn't my personal favorite."
"I miss Little Bo Peep and the rest of the character servers of the late Bobby McGee's!!! I miss the private and romantic individual seating areas. I miss the salad bar and the food of yesterday!! If you have been around the area for a while, you know what I mean. If not, you missed out BIG TIME!! Bobby Q took Bobby McGee's out and I'm still depressed about it over a decade later!! Bobby Q, you do not impress me much.

Like many others, I do not understand the hype or the love of this place at all, whatsoever, NOPE, not now and I never will!!! Their meat is ""moist"" alright, to the point of no texture and you could feed it to a TOOTHLESS infant!!! I like some texture and a lot more smoke flavor!!!

I especially do NOT like the donuts they serve after your dinner. They are greasy and mush much like their meat. My young kid said they made his ""stomach sick."" Their cornbread is good, but I make mine from a boxed pre-mix and add a can of creamed corn and a small can of drained green chili's (only the 3 ingredients) and I like it BETTER!! 

I give them two stars only because for lunch they have a good deal. You can get a brisket or pork sandwich with a side for $9.00. The atmosphere is nice and the service is good so I might return for lunch, but not very often and ONLY if I happen to be driving right by. I will NOT go out of my way to eat here!!!"
"Three of us went here last night and other than the noise level in the place, the food was good and the service was fast;  almost to fast. The baby backs were fall off the bone good but the BBQ chicken was the star to me. I had the sides of bean and corn and both were just average. We got there at 6:20 and sat right down but when we left around 7:30 the place packed with a line out the door. I really good place to go for a quick meal."
"Chill spot, the dessert donuts they brought out after the meal were so so good! Could eat them all day! Good brisket and veggies. Had a great experience. Cool place"
"I love Bobby Q and can't believe I haven't been here in over 5 years!  We brought some out of town family to enjoy some great BBQ.  I enjoyed the rotisserie chicken with a side of roasted corn and mac 'n cheese - wow, that was amazing!  The cornbread they serve should be illegal...it is that good.  I love that they make homemade donuts as you walk in/walk out and they give them to you at the end of your meal.  Bobby Q's has a really nice atmosphere and the service is great too!"
"Hands down best bbq spot I've ever been to. My guy Dylan was honestly the best server I've ever had. He recommended dishes and drinks that were incredible. Everything he suggested was amazing. He's definitely someone who is absolutely great at their job and brings much charisma to his work, hes prolly one of the guys you would want to work with on a shift with. Babyback ribs were my favorite. Cornbread was killer as well. Thanks again Dylan for the incredible service, thats my guy."
"We tried: 
Zucchini fries
Spinach artichoke dip, salsa verde & salsa roja & chips & breadsticks
Hog heaven: beef ribs, baby back ribs, brisket, chicken, Mac & cheese, fries, broccolini
Jumbo broiled shrimp 

Lunch & dinner came with a basket of corn bread-- one round piece per person. It was hot, moist, and perfectly sweet & savory. 
Zucchini fries were perfectly fried and dusted with Parmesan cheese-- a delicious appetizer I would order again
Artichoke dip was gone before I could try some, but everyone raved about how delicious it was
Q rolls: smoked brisket in phyllo dough. Absolutely delicious! 

Meat: beef ribs were perfectly cooked with tons of smoke flavor. Absolutely delicious! My favorite of all the meat we tried. 
Baby back ribs: fall of the bone tender-- covered in the perfect amount of BBQ sauce. Would definitely recommend trying. 
Brisket: super tender, some tender & some lean. Absolutely perfectly smoked. 
Chicken: breast was slightly dry and under seasoned. 

Broccolini: perfectly cooked & seasoned. My favorite of all the sides. 
Mac & cheese: slightly too salty, but a generous portion. 
Fries: I prefer my fries to be shoestring, but these were cut a little too thinly for my taste. 

Service: super nice & attentive despite how busy they were. 

If you are visiting the Phoenix area you must try this place. It was so delicious that I went back the next day!"
Without a doubt some of the best bbq I have ever had and I have been to places like Memphis TN. The service was amazing but the food...wow. And to top it off they send you home with mini doughnuts. A must when in Glendale. Bravo!
"Very popular place, but they are a little more proud of their food than I am,  based on their prices and portion sizes. 

Food is OK, but nothing to write home about. 

The restaurant is EXTREMELY noisy.   You can't converse with people right next to you.   

The service is attentive,  but very slow. 

I've been here once before,  and I don't know why I  came back.  Won't be doing so again.   There are just too many much better options."
"This review is a little late. We got the thanksgiving pre-fixe meal from Bobby-Q and damn it was amazing!! 

We will definitely be ordering it again this year and wish they did it more often. The staff was amazing and friendly. Love eating at Bobby-Q but the family meal to go really blew me away. The turkey was moist and Smokey, the sides I wish I ordered more of for left overs, and there really was more than enough food for a family of 5. 

Thanks Bobby-Q and staff! You rock."
"Bobby-Q is a Barbecue Restaurant that cooks it's Beef Ribs, Pork Ribs, Turkey, Beef Brisket  Chicken, and other meats in the traditional true BBQ smoking method. It is delicious and certainly worth the attention and patronage of true BBQ afficionados. They also do a nice selection of side items including Pecan Cole Slaw, Beans, Mac & Cheese, Baked Potatoes, French Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, and others. Service was good, but today for lunch was less than it's usual 5 Star Level. A bit slow initially to take our orders, and to deliver our check. Also ribs tasted reheated and not freshly cooked. Also a bit pricy but IMO worth it when they execute properly. I do recommend them."
"I had the three meat platter w beef ribs and double brisket order.  The beef ribs were awful as the only meat on them were inbetween the bones...maybe a mouthful or two for each bone. They were mostly fat and membrane from the bone. I should have listened to my server who told me not to get them...lesson learned :) 
The brisket was mediocre at best.  it was not trimmed well as the bark was mostly fat.  Definitely a disappointment.  The service was good and ambience was nice but the barbeque was not up to snuff.  Certainly better  barbeque spots in Scottsdale...I think Little Miss BBQ  is close by and much higher quality bbq IMO."
Omg the only cornbread I'll eat. DELICIOUS food all around. Has been catering GCU for as long as I can remember and wouldn't have it any other way!
Their brisket egg rolls are amazing and they are macaroni and cheese is really good as well
"Out of town, and wanted local BBQ and found this place. Awesome service, yummy food, and vibe was great. Definately a great place to eat. Cant wait to come back."
"Delicious! The meat falls right off the bone. The whole hog heaven can easily feed 4 people and gives you good variety.  The Mac and cheese did not disappoint. Im not a fan of mac and cheese, but
I'm glad we tried it. a must try.

Service is really great. My nephew has food allergies and our server and manager explained to us which kid's meal would be good and not. They also made sure that his food was cooked separately to avoid cross contamination. Overall a good experience. BBQ heaven indeed.

Btw, they give you free cornbread, free heavenly dessert donuts and 10% off if you check in on yelp"
Lunch was good. We were told the lunch menu had the same portions as the dinner menu. Pulled chicken and pulled pork sandwiches were a great size. The bbq sauce on the chicken was a bit spicy for me (I'm a wimp). The fresh doughnuts and the end were amazing!!
I love this place on Thursday nights the tacos they serve on that night are to die for best music and service
"Excellent BBQ and extensive menu! Great servers.  The music is very good. We didn't have room for dessert! The mango lemonade is very good, too."
Visited this location loved it. Great atmosphere the guys behind the bar were great Jason and Nate will definitely have us coming back great job.
"The food is ok... it's not that amazing, I came based on reviews and not what I expected! 
will I be back? No
Was it worth the money? No"
"We chose Bobby Q for our first dinner, on our first day of vacation in Phoenix.  The Yelp reviews were great, and it was located just across the street from our hotel.  

We arrived at 6:00 p.m. on a Thursday evening to a busy dining room.  We were seated quickly and our orders were taken within a few minutes.  I order the Southern Fried Chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy (a known weakness of mine), and mac n cheese.  My wife tries the pulled BBQ chicken sandwich, and coleslaw.  My son orders ""The Perfect Hamburger"", and mac n' cheese.  Cornbread is provided as a free appetizer and is solid.  The food arrives after a reasonable 20 minutes and is mostly very good, and in some instances ""great"".  My Southern Fried Chicken was perfect and was the best execution I have tried of this dish.  The mashed potatoes and gravy were very good as well as the mac n' cheese.  My wife did not care for her pulled BBQ chicken sandwich and barely touched it.  Flavor of the BBQ sauce and the texture of the chicken just didn't do it for her (my son tried it and also had the same opinion).  Her coleslaw was good though.  My son's ""Perfect Hamburger"" surprisingly was perfect, as advertised.  Said it was the best burger he has had - EVER.  This is a kid who eats a lot of burgers, so that comment was surprising to mom and dad.  He also liked his mac n' cheese, but commented it was almost too rich.  

Non-food related comments: Volume was just right - loud enough to know something is happening, quiet enough that you can converse without issue.  The lighting and atmosphere were good.  The indoor and outdoor dining areas were both very nice - much better than my picture indicates.  Service was very average and forgettable - couldn't pick our waiter out of a line up if my life depended on it.

Overall, a very good experience.  I'll be back for the southern fried chicken on my next trip to Phoenix.  My son lives here and has vowed to come back next week for another ""Perfect Hamburger"".  Check this place out; it is well worth the money."
This has been one of my favorite restaurants for more than 10 years. The food is amazing and it's great for large groups. Prices are reasonable and staff is very friendly.
"My wife and I spent this weekend in Phoenix to watch the Padres play. Which they won 6-2! We were deciding whether to eat Mexican or bbq. We chose Bobby Q's because the reviews were solid and we love bbq! If you're not paying attention in finding this place, good luck. Their sign is about 4x4 in size. The parking lot was packed which is a good indication. We chose to sit outside in the patio to avoid the wait time. Patio heaters were a plus. The menu is lengthy from ribs, chicken, brisket and all the fixns. We were served hot corn bread which was outstanding. My wife ordered the half chicken with baked potato and roasted corn. I ordered the brisket with the baked potato and baked beans. No need for a knife. The brisket was so tender I used my fork. Only minor drawback is that my food could've been a lot hotter. So if your in Phoenix, visit this place. And if you're in San Diego, visit Phil's bbq! No other place holds a candle to Phil's!"
"This is the best BBQ place in the Phx area.  Great ambience, service is always good.  The servings are large.  You must try the Q Rolls for an appetizer, but save room for the fresh made donuts  on the way out.  You won't be disappointed, there is something for everyone."
"This place is probably one of my favorite spots in the valley to take a date. Although the area is not so nice, the inside is pretty nice. The food is always delicious. I always get the 14oz prime rib and it never disappoints. The sides that I order are usually their beer battered fries (which are not on their menu but highly recommend!) and their mac n cheese. You can make a meal out of their mac n cheese alone. It's completely thick and creamy."
"I had a good review of this place until my second visit. Waited 20+ min at my table before a server came to greet us. There was literally 9 servers and/or hostess talking and laughing at the hostess counter (I had time to count while I was waiting, also noticing checks being handed out at hostess station!) Server finally came to greet us, without any apologies, took our order. Holy cow, where is the manager? Why are there so many employees at the front? Why are they not doing anything? Why does no one know the basics of restaurant management?"
This place is awesome and we frequently dine here. Best BBQ I've ever had especially the beef brisket. It melts in you mouth. Go to this place you will not be disappointed!  Highly recommend.
Great food and service.  As this was our first time there the manager came by to check that everything was good.  The fresh complementary donuts at the end were a very nice touch.
Great food and service. Our server Kyle was great and made my family's experience  truly enjoyable. Shout out to Mgr. Laura for her kindness by providing us with tasty samples. Wonderful experience at Bobby Q!
I was in town and wanted BBQ. I had a brisket sandwich and my wife had Brisket. It was very bland. It was like they boiled it and served it. Over priced not very good food.
"Wow! The most delicious and tender brisket I've ever eaten. No knife needed as it just melts on your fork. Loved the bbq sauce, not too sweet and he spicy one has just a little heat. The ribs fall off the bone and the portions are plentiful. Will be going back for sure!"
"Super fun and tasty lunch. Reagan and Kyle were great and shared some opinions on GCU, as we just did a tour there. Fabulous BBQ. Smokey and tasty, but not drowned in sticky sweetness. Giant iced tea and Arnold Palmers. The cornbread disks were kinda like muffin tops, and I am feeling my muffin top more now thanks to you guys. I had the fresh crisp chicken salad with goat cheese...yummy and huge."
Their Prime Rib is terrific! Service was great and Manager always comes over and asks how everything was! Love this restaurant!
"Absolutely some of the best barbecue I've ever had! It was actually so good my coworkers and I came here two nights in a row for dinner. Last night I had the sliced prime beef brisket, grilled vegetables and Pecan coleslaw. The beef brisket was moist, tender, and flavorful. The barbecue sauce was both sweet and tangy but not too much of either; my mouth is watering just talking about it again! Tonight I had the two meat dinner which included the prime beef sliced brisket and smoked pulled pork. Again the dish was absolutely perfect, with the pulled pork being just as good as the sliced beef! The service on both nights was equally good, the waiters were friendly and courteous. We didn't make reservations either night but the three of us were seated within 20 minutes on both visits. The place has a surprisingly nice ambience for a barbecue restaurant. You definitely don't want to miss this place if you're in Phoenix and really enjoy BBQ."
"Serving sizes are probably good for 2 people. Loved the pork roll appetizers. Servers were very well organized even with a party as large as ours of 26 ppl. 
Desserts also come at double the size you would expect, so order carefully"
"We were visiting Phx, and have been at Castles and Coasters for most of the day. Needed something good, found BOBBY Q, and seen the reviews. Let's just say...O.M.G!

We came at a great time. Was seated promptly. Was greeted by a very friendly server. Told her it was our first time, and she gave us the quick story of the place.  We made our selection and it took no more than 10 mins for the entire meal to come out. That was amazing. Was looking at other tables too, their food came out quick as well. Not only was it FAST, the QUALITY was magnificent! Nom nom nom. 

At the end of the meal, we did our check in on Yelp, which earn 10% and also got us a free chocolate cake! Yummmmmmmy!! On top of that, for dining, we get a bag of cinnamon mini donuts! 

Only reason why I didnt give them a 5, was because.... 
The cornbread was so deng DELICIOUS,  they didnt give more. One per guest. And I asked for the price and they said its $1 each. Cmon! Just a little unhappy about that....hopefully that will change one day and they'll give u all u can eat corn bread!!! 

We'll definitely return next time we are in town!"
"First time going here I wasn't allowed to get in. I was told my shirt was too long. I had on a flannel, chucks and jeans. They discriminate you for how you look and dress."
"I've been there a few times now. So far I've gotten excellent service. The food comes out fast, it's really good, and the portions are huge. I honestly can't think of anything to complain about. The bathrooms were also very clean. I'm happy I found this place."
"We were completely blown away by the service. ""Captain Jack"" gave us an experience of true southern hospitality. The food was outstanding but truly the service is what made this place so great. This was our first visit but it will not be our last!"
"A coworker of mine highly recommended this place last year when I told him I was headed out to Tempe for spring training. I didn't get a chance to come last year but I made it a point to check it out this year. I was able to make a same day reservation for Saturday evening through the yelp app and I'm so glad I did because the wait was going to be about an hour otherwise. We waited less than 10 minutes to be seated. 

Our server Tiffany was great, we told her it was our first time so she took the time to give us history on the restaurant and she gave us her recommendations. The corn bread was so yummy and moist. My fiance and I shared the whole hog heaven, which comes with two meats, two ribs and 3 sides. For $40 not bad at all, we didn't finish our ribs and meat (there was a lot for two.) The sides could have been a little bigger, we devoured the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were so creamy and flavorful. 

I usually prefer baby back ribs over the St. Louis but in this case we agreed the St. Louis were better. The pulled chicken was my favorite, it wasn't the typical chicken covered in bbq sauce. It had some other flavor I can't describe but it was amazing! We walked out of here stuffed, I almost needed to be carried out. The home made donuts at the end were a nice touch, even though I was full I couldn't stop eating them because they were so light/fluffy and bite size. Definitely took advantage of the 10% for checking in. Saved us 10 bucks, I'll take it!! I'll be back next year when I'm in town."
"Review 5/10 for the 10 bookmarked businesses to review before the end of 2016! From Meagan B.'s thread: https://www.yelp.com/topic/phoenix-yelp-phoenixs-10-firsts-of-2016

Bobby Q's was on our way back from our weekend trip up north and it was around lunchtime so we figured we'd get something from there to go so we could eat it back at home. The menu was easy to browse through online. I called and placed an order for the three meat combo which would be ready in 15 minutes.

There are two areas in this restaurant. The front is for dining in while there is a separate back parking lot and take out entrance. Service at the counter was friendly and they even offered me a drink while my order was being put together. 

The smell of BBQ in the car was mouth watering as we drove back home. I ordered the combo with baby back ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. For sides I had the roasted corn and coleslaw. The meal also included 2 pieces of cornbread and they gave me some extra BBQ sauce.

All the meats were very tender with smoky flavor. My favorite of the three was probably the pulled pork, followed by the baby back ribs. The brisket was good and they included fatty and lean pieces, but the memory of the superb brisket from Little Miss BBQ still lingers in my memory as one of the best I've had.

The sides were excellent. The roasted corn also had some smoked flavor and the coleslaw was crisp, tangy and refreshing.

Overall it was a good meal and I do like how they have more convenient hours and better atmosphere than Little Miss BBQ. I will be back for more BBQ!"
"Excellent every single time. Best BBQ place in town as far as I'm concerned. Brought my entire family there for my Dads Birthday. The meat just falls off the ribs, the steaks melt in your mouth. It's a bit pricey but you'll definitely be taking home leftovers, and free donuts to take home! Also I'm Gluten Intolerant and they cater to us Celiac folks! Never been sick after eating there! Yay!!"
"Everyone loves this place but I just don't get it. Cute space, nice servers, good food but nothing amazing as far as I could tell except the Mac n cheese. We got a variety of things and they were all good but for the price I'd just rate it average. Maybe I'm spoiled on fabulous BBQ in the south at low prices."
"Never been here before. We had a nice little room off the main dining. For a Tuesday night the place was jumping!  Our server was superb. On top of everything. Drinks promptly refilled, making sure our selections were perfect. The appetizers were excellent. We had shrimp in a light BBQ butter, the corn bread muffins hot with warm honey butter, the fish sticks fresh with two dipping sauces and the tortillas and dips were also excellent. Everyone chose off the menu. I had the steak open face on garlic toast and a baked potato. Steak cooked to perfection and tender. I'll be the first to admit not a huge fan of smoked meat but this was good. At the end they have these little bags of tiny donuts that literally are hot and melt in your mouth."
The best BBQ in town! Service is always great and everything was cooked to perfection.
"Stopped by here on the way to Sedona, AZ and had a great lunch! I came in around 2PM on a Friday and there was no wait, so we were immediately seated. I ordered the lunch rib special which came with cornbread, a side (I picked Mac & cheese) and a complimentary dessert (cinnamon sugar mini donuts). All meats were aged for a few weeks and smoked for almost a day so the ribs I ordered were very tender and flavorful. The Mac & cheese was unlike any I've had before - a LOT of cheese (maybe too cheesy) and only a little mac... The freshly made cinnamon sugar mini donuts were still hot when served and tasted delicious!"
"I used Bobby Qs to cater my wedding, and all I can say is EXCELLENT customer service!!! From the moment I started discussing my needs with Jason and Dana, I could tell how much they cared. They completely customized my event, made it personal and affordable! With other restaurants I shopped for catering they wanted 2 or 3x the cost with simply pulled pork on buns. Bobby Qs catered my wedding with baby back ribs, pulled bbq chicken, 4 different sides of my choice, AND had an attended server at the event!! It was absolutely amazing and everyone raved about how good the food was! It was hot, delicious, and they even made sure the set up was done early so it wouldnt interfere with anything about the ceremony. I have nothing but 5 stars to give this place! ! Jason and Dana have given me hope that customer service still exists and they are absolutely fantastic at what they do! Thank you for making my wedding food absolutely perfect!!!! You are the best!!"
"It was our first time in Arizona and first time at Bobby-Q. It is veteran's weekend so we came around 5:30pm to beat the dinner rush hour. We were greeted by the hostess, told them I was 'Tiger' and got the pager. We were told it would be 15-20 minutes but we were seated within 5 minutes, lucky us!

Everyone was welcoming, hostess, waitresses/waiters. Our Waiter, Derrick welcomes us and gave us a brief introduction on what's popular and recommendation. We got the winning combination with a medium rare prime rib and BBQ Chicken. 

The food came out in 10 minutes which is amazingly fast. The prime rib was amazing, super juicy, moist, and tender. Fianc enjoyed the BBQ chicken as the flavor was more sweet than tangy, which she preferred.

Thanks for the delicious time. Would highly recommend this place . the staff did a great job to create a great vibe."
"Everything about this place is perfect. Great ambience, great service, great food. You have to try the brisket. It's the best I've ever had. 

As far as service it was top notch. Both managers were friendly and came over to say hi. And our waiter Christin is the best. Ask for her next time you come."
The best smoked ribs I have ever eaten. Wish this restaurant was in the area where I live Round Lake Illinois or Chicago.
"This place exceeded all of the reviews about it. Do yourself a favor and don't say no to cocktails, appetizers and an extra piece of cornbread. The ribs will flake off the bone with no effort. Mac n cheese drips off the fork, and the cocktails come with beautiful ambiance- mine even came in a pineapple. Our server was Austin and he was great too. As a vacation find while in Arizona, this place was a score."
"I'm giving Bobby Qs a 3 because it wound let me give them a 2.5, so I went here with a coworker Weds, Joe was awesome, checked on me the whole time. BUT I ordered nachos that I had to send back because the meat was COLD! I should have sent them back the third time but I was hungry! So let's fast forward to Friday I get there probably close to 3 (let's say 2:50 ish"" the bar keep Hayley (idk if that's how you spell her name) was there pretty girl I asked her to make the same drink Joe had made me Weds, I sent back the first one (cucumber Moscow mule) because it was horrible! I'm not a bartender but I make them better at home! Seconds one was still trash, so we get the Raspberry Sangria, which tasted like a nasty boxed red wine with a couple frozen berries on top that had no flavor (I make sangria red and white so I know how it should taste) needless to say my friend wanted to try the Machaca nachos they came out looked like my little niece threw them together and left them in the over too long because a lot of the chips were burned! My bill was $72.00! For poor service and even worse drinks! Hayley did not check on us NOT once! I had to keep grabbing her attention and don't even get me started on the shots! Green tea shots were horrible! If I see her behind the bar I will NOT be staying..."
"This is always my family and I's go-to restaurant if we have a taste for ribs! We've been going here for many years and the food is always absolutely delicious and savory! You definetly get what you pay for. The customer service is absolutely wonderful and the waitors and managers are always so nice, greeting you with a warm welcome. The environment is very enviting with really nice rustic features and unique lighting. The outside patio is also gorgeous! I highly recommend their appetizers for happy hour and the Hog Heaven if you're with a big group."
"LOVE this place! Best barbecue around! Two meat combo with brisket and pulled pork is awesome. Mac and cheese is heavenly. So good i can never bring myself to order anything different! Went in yesterday for Valentines tradition with my hub, and Zac was our server - I guess its his second week there, but he was a pro! Great service, great atmosphere, and killer food! What more can you ask for? Id give this place a hundred stars if i could. :)"
"Since we loved Bobby Q in Mesa, we decided to see what the ""Original"" location in Phoenix had to offer. I don't know who runs this place or the other, but I'd LOVE to meet him/her or them. The service at this place it top notch and far surpasses that of any 5 star, fine dining establishments I've ever been to. I am a firm believer that food may come up short from time to time. Maybe a recipe wasn't followed. Maybe there's a new cook in the kitchen. Maybe they are so slammed the kitchen cant keep up, etc.. It's a bummer when that happens but most often people will return to try it again. But... a server is on stage, in front of their guests, until the last curtain call. They really have no room for error without getting scrutinized and skinned alive. And they tend to take the hit for the entire restaurant. If the food is bad, for some reason it's easier for people to take it out on the server. If it took an hour to get a table, somehow it's the servers fault. If an entree was missed and didn't make it out to the table...yep it's the server's fault. Am I wrong? 
Well here is where I'm going with this. The service at Bobby Q is so cream of the crop, that  in the unfortunate event of any one of the above mentioned scenarios, I can't foresee it ever being an issue. 
Our server Donald, was more than just an order taker. He was a true experience maker, and we had the best time with him. I asked him about a couple of cocktails I was torn on. He was honest about one of them, the Watermelon Cooler, and let me know it's not for everyone and it gets sent back quite a bit. I ordered it and LOVED it. It tasted like a Jalapeno infused, Watermelon Margarita. I love spicy margaritas and this cocktail was right up my alley! 
The food was also superb. I had beef ribs as well as 1/2 rack baby backs, accompanied with Mashed Potatoes and Mac N CHeese! 
PSA: There is absolutely no dainty way to eat the beef ribs. Just accept the facts, get in touch with your inner Caveman, and go to town! Nom, Nom, Nom... while you're feasting, try to remember you are in public, people may be watching, so keep the growling to a minimum. 
At the end of our meal, we were so full, we regretfully declined dessert. We did however find a tiny bit of room for the complimentary mini donuts. I actually asked if we could order some to go. To my pleasant surprise, they sell them by the dozen! And, to my ultimate surprise our server brought us a few extra donuts, told us not to leave, and came back with a scoop of vanilla ice cream!! Whhaaaaaaat?? Omg... mind blown and super yummy! All in all Bobby Q. has it together from start to finish and you will not be disappointed! Be sure to ask for Donald, he's one of the best!"
"One of the best bbq places you could go in Arizona. The ribs are y'all off the bone, and the brisket is super tender and flavorful."
"They have great service at the bar. They start you off with cornbread, but don't eat too much, as the baby rack ribs and prime rib combo is substantial!  The mild BBQ sauce is fantastic!  This is the first visit but not the last one.  The pecan slaw is the best side, the loaded mashed  potatoes are ok but watery."
"Colton was an amazing server and the food here is amazing! The corn bread, the donuts... oh my goodness!!! I've come during happy hour and they have amazing deals with great choices!"
This is a place to get great barbecue in the Phoenix area. Have been coming to this place for almost a year to get my barbecue fix the ribs are really tender and have really great flavor.
"Great ribs & brisket. Our server Zac was cheerful, accommodating & professional.
Food, ambience & service were great.  Will go again!"
"My boyfriend and I came here for his birthday (also our first time) and all I can say is- WOW!

We got there pretty much when they opened and were seated right away. Our waitress came and told us the history of the place since it was our first time. Our waitress was quick, attentive, and very kind. If only more places had waitresses like her.

We started off with an appetizer of the Q-Rolls (suggested by our waitress). They were so tender and the dipping sauces were so good. Best BBQ sauce I ever had.

We ordered our lunch. My boyfriend had their smokehouse burger with shoestring fries and I had the slices BBQ prime beef brisket sandwich with Mac and cheese. The brisket was so tender and the Mac and cheese was really good. I had a bite of my boyfriend's burger and that was the best burger I've ever had- and I'm not a big burger person. Before we left, our waitress gave us their homemade sugar donuts which are soooo delicious.

The atmosphere inside and out is great and the staff are really friendly. The manager came around and made sure everyone was doing okay which I think is a nice touch. This place is pretty pricey but it is so worth it. We'll definitely come back but probably for special occasions on"
"This was a fabulous find! Great food, great service and great ambiance! Definitely worth the drive and a terrific surprise! When I'm in Phoenix this will always be on the list to visit. Best tasting Ribs I've ever had! Our server was amazing! Just loved the experience!!!Rated only 5 stars because there is no option for 10!!"
"Well we went to the soft opening yesterday and I must say.. this is the best BBQ that I have had here in AZ.. The meat was tender, veggies seasoned perfect, mashed potatoes on point.  The service was great (need to continue when you open on 3 Oct 16).  The location is perfect Stapley and the US 60.. we will be coming back.  Very nice meeting Bobby too, such a great guy doing wonderful things with this bbq"
"Solid four-star restaurant but not five. The beef brisket was the most flavorful brisket I've had in my entire life; A penetrating yet not overpowering smoky sensation.  However, I was disappointed with two of the three the barbecue sauces.  The ""regular sauce"" is sweeter than catch-up with just a little more sophistication.  The spicy sauce tasted more like corn syrup mixed with hot sauce.  However the Carolina sauce was a genuine flavorful masterpiece.  It's commonplace for vegetables in barbecue joints to be lackluster, but a four and one half star 800+ review restaurant should be an exception to the rule: it was not. On the more delectable side, we had the Apple cobbler for dessert -nine out of 10."
"The restaurant had a comfortable but classy kind of country charm.  There was a nice size bar area and people seemed to be having a good time watching the game on the two large flatscreen televisions.  The regular dining area was a large room with several smaller areas off of the large area.  There was a mixture of square, rectangular and round wooden tables and chairs.  While we were there I saw the staff moving some tables together to create dining for a large group of people.  The lighting was low, more like a bar setting, but adequate.  We had reservations, via Open Table & the Yelp app, and were seated immediately.  

Our server was friendly and attentive.  We ordered two Strawberry Q'ladas, a strawberry flavored Pina Colada, off the speciality drink menu.  We got our drinks then he took our order and food was at our table about 15 minutes later.  The drinks were very good, but we both wished they packed more booze.  The cornbread was brought to our table after our drinks but before our meal.  Both grandkids had to have some right away.  Both gobbled down their pieces and probably would have asked for more if they could have gotten away with it.  

The Baby Back Ribs were outstanding; falling off the bone the way they are supposed to be but hard to get just anywhere these days.  I also had the Pecan Cole Slaw and fortunately for me, the pecans were sprinkled on top so I could scoop them off and eat the rest of the really good slaw.  The Ranch Beans were pretty unusual.  I have not tasted anything quite like them.  My wife said they had cinnamon in them but there were a bit too spicy for me so I shoved them off on my grandson, the ""fire eating kid.""  But I enjoyed what I had already eaten.  The cornbread was good but I really liked the super thin french fries I kept stealing off my granddaughter's kid burger meal plate.

My wife had the 8 oz Sirloin Steak and Baked Potato.  She asked that the steak be medium well and it was.  It appeared to be larger than 8 oz.  The potato wasn't as good as the steak; it could have been a little hotter.  It also came with a few thin onion straws that were a nice little surprise.  Before we left, we were surprised with some warm little donuts to take with us.  They were rolled in cinnamon and sugar and were just the right end to a delicious meal.

I asked the server if there was any chance the owners would open a location in Tucson because we would definitely be regulars.  But sadly, according to our server, both the owner and his kids are retirement age and the likelihood of a Tucson location appears to be extremely slim."
"Great happy hour, service is phenomenal.  Food is fantastic and everything met our expectations and more.  Thank you"
Great food and service. Found this on yelp and thought we'd give it a try. Didn't regret it.
"This restaurant was out of this world. I am no Phoenix local but my boyfriend is and as a place he grew up with, I was really excited to try this. I have a hard time finding reasonably priced BBQ where I live, so this was an impressive treat. 

The Restaurant
Just wow. The design of this place feels like it should be on the cover of Home Magazine. It feels like a dream in both its indoor and outdoor seating. It's the kind of charming decor you just have to come to see for yourself. 

The Service
These servers really know their menus that's for sure or at least ours did! Dustin was our waiter and he didn't need to question the menu. I have an allergy that is in just about everything and he didn't skip a beat knowing his ingredients which I greatly appreciate. He was friendly, upbeat and checked on us just enough. The food arrived quickly and the hot cornbread even quicker.

The Food
We ordered the Whole Hog to split between 3 people. We don't eat a ton of food but we definitely don't skimp out on portions when it comes to BBQ. The meal portion was plenty with some to spare. We chose the sausage which was super tender and packed with flavor and two different kinds of ribs that were to die for. I asked for some extra sauce and a toasted bun, and Dustin brought the bun with practically a pitcher of BBQ sauce (new best friend). The sides we ordered were the roasted corn, baked beans, and the mac n' cheese. I could only eat the beans which were fantastic, and the other two people loved their sides as well. The Whole Hog that comes with the three sides costs $52 and between 3 people that is more than reasonable!

Overall
I will most definitely be coming back here! I would love to try the outdoor seating next time because it's so beautiful and I know the food won't disappoint. I don't rave about restaurants often but I'll be spreading the word about this place to everyone I know who is looking for a fantastic BBQ restaurant. Thank you for a wonderful dinner!! My photos just don't do the food justice."
"I'm here at Bobby Q's on a Tuesday night which I'm regularly here, and Ignacio (the GM) informs me that I cannot enter the club due to my Jeans being ""cuffed"" the bottom so I release the cuff and still denies me entry. The same Jeans I wore and have worn about 6 times before? I asked him what's behind this and he says it's just the ""rules"". Okay, I go and change and comeback then he informs me that once your deemed not appropriately dressed then you cannot enter that same business day even though I asked if it's okay if I changed and the security let's me know that'll work just to come back and have Ignacio deny me? Then he asks if I want his Social Security number as to patronize me when I asked his name kindly? Wait, where's the logic behind this, none? Man, I got love for Taco Tuesday's at Bobby Q's but who's this guy and what's his issue? 
I would recommend that the owner seriously watches this ""Ignacio"" and see if he's right for the position. I give this place 2 stars due to Ignacio,  very sad explanation and purely idiotic."
Food is delicious but it takes a long time to get to the table. The brisket was tender as a mothers love. The mashed potatoes and white gravy was tasty and full of flavor.  The cornbread is off the chain.  The server was attentive and efficient. I would recommend them to any barbecue lover.
Great food. In my opinion Bobby Q has the best barbecue in Phoenix and I'm glad to see them open new locations.
Love this restaurant! One of my favorite places in Phoenix. I recommend the baby back ribs and mac and cheese! The staff at Bobby Qs is exceptional! We love Jose and Kevin!
Great food.  Best BBQ in Phoenix.  Can't beat the brown bag donuts either!  The service is quick and they have a good selection of adult beverages.
"This place is alright. We came in on a Sunday night, it was not busy at all. The bbq was great for chain restaurant quality but it's soaked in sauce, which might be great for some people but we prefer sauce on the side so we can actually taste the bbq and the meat. I've tried other bbq places in Phoenix that are better than this place."
"This is one of my favorite BBQ joints in Phoenix. Whether inside in the dining room or outside on the lush patio surrounded by an impressive garden array of color, Bobby Q is a great place to relax and gnaw on a few bones with friends or family. 

It's expanded from this original location just off the I-17 and 28 Ave, with spots in Mesa and near central Phoenix/Scottsdale. 

Between my ambitious belly and generous friends at meet ups, there's little I haven't tried on the menu. Here, despite the availability of burnt ends and lean or fatter options, the brisket doesn't quite make my favorite list. It's dry, even with additional sauce, and often my mouth registers char. It's got the perfect pink smoke ring that indicates properly cooked brisket. It isn't bad, really. Just not my favorite. 

Pulled pork is better, whether on a sandwich or piled high on a platter. It's reliable but not quite as sweet and homey as the pork at Pork on a Fork or even the chain Famous Dave's. Writing that makes me sad. I want Bobby Q to just step it up and get a bit messier before I crown it Piggy Queen. 

Chicken is where this place takes me down south and leaves my face and fingers dirty and grinning. Smoked to silky perfection and then topped with the perfect amount of sauce, this is my guaranteed highlight whether I scarf down half the bird or get it pulled into juicy strands and chunks. 

The menu includes a host of southern favorites and even a few steakhouse classics. Side options include all the classics like a creamy potato salad with egg and mustard,  BBQ baked beans with generous bits of meat and heat, slaw, roasted vegetables and more. 

I've only managed to order one dessert here, a rich cheesecake with a caramel aroma that was brought out with four spoons for the table. That habit from well meaning servers gets my goat. If I wanted to share then I'd ask. Your bringing them out makes me look greedy. Quit that. 

Of course, the best dessert at Bobby Q isn't even on the menu. I confess, it's my favorite treat there. Servers bring out tiny brown paper lunch bags filled with hot cinnamon sugar donuts, barely the size of a donut hole. Imagine them crispy and spicy then melting on your tongue and floating into your tummy. Bliss. My only complaint? Hoggy pals who can't stop themselves from grabbing extras before the bag makes its greasy way around the table. 

One of the options I'm dying to try at Bobby Q is their Thanksgiving dinner to go. It includes a smoked turkey, a selection of holiday sides and easy instructions for a price you can't beat. Expect more catering options from them soon. Whether your group dines in house or takes the meal home, Bobby Q is sure to keep you saucy and content."
"I have to admit that I love the smoked meats at BobbyQ.  They are as close as I've had to real smoked brisket since I lived in Texas.  The cornbread is good and always comes with your meal.  Don't forget the mini doughnuts like you would get at the state fair that they bring with your final bill.  Sometimes the wait staff doesn't seem to know how to deliver great service and what is up with putting ice in the urinals?  It doesn't seem sanitary to do this, but the bathrooms are always clean, it's just the ice in the toilet is weird.  I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone for a beer or wine and smoked meats.  One of the best in Phoenix that's for sure!"
"Okay so I recently left a review for Bobby q but it was actually for q lounge. So my birthday was a few weeks ago so I decided you know I'm going to stop in to barbecue and I'm going to try out the food. It was amazing. I got the brisket short rib and their chicken boneless chicken I believe it's pulled chicken. I got some mac on the side, so baked beans shot the cornbread was on point. Of course I went there was a group but I think all of us would say the same thing that Bobby q is a must go to. I would also add I like the atmosphere of it, slightly dim lights the staff was really attentive oh, I'm pretty sure maybe the manager came out just to see how everything was going which was dope. But I would like to add one interesting little story. There was a couple and their kid having a meal I and I believe it might have been his birthday also what up do babies. And I believe that whatever she ordered came out a little bit more rare than she wanted. So she was putting up like a front about rate they ruined the day like why can't places get stuff right and the whole time I was like this is funny because like two seconds ago and they were jumping on appetizers I think I was trying to talk to his wife and she was like don't you see me enjoying this good food. And once the food came out the way that she wanted it she was on the same thing she was enjoying it loving it but when the staff came through she was acting like it wasn't that great. Husband seemed really irritated with her because he was like you know you like it I'm over here listening to her complain and I'm like lady you like it sounded like you like it when you eating the food like why you got to put up a front. Anyway to the staff to have to deal with her I just want to say your food is amazing and I am for sure going back and thank you for the amazing birthday meal"
"My little brother and I are on a long road trip from Los Angeles to New Orleans and we had to go past Phoenix. As I was driving my little brother searched up a place to eat and he wanted to try some barbeque. 

We opted to try Bobby Q because another place was closed on Monday, and we thought the name + the numerous reviews was appealing. 

We made a reservation online for 2pm but when we arrived, it wasn't packed so we were just able to get seated easily for 2. They also have an outdoor patio area where you can sit and enjoy a waterfall, we almost sat there but we decided to let the host sit us wherever was most convenient for them. 

We were sat and asked what we wanted to drink by our waiter Chris(topher). He's got his greeting and mantra down, ""Have you been here before?"" 
Us: No we're just passing by.
Chris: ""Where are you all from?"" 
Us: Los Angeles area
Chris: ""Very cool, I'm from California, San Bernardino myself!""

I heard this repeated to other customers who sat down. He's a very personable waiter. 

We wanted to try a variety of things so my brother and I opted for the Whole Hog's Variety. It was about $54 but we already dented it. It came with a choice of a variety of different things but we chose: sausage, beef brisket, beef ribs, and St. Louis ribs.

Sausage: I thought it was good but nothing too special. Perhaps I'm just not a fan of sausages done this way, but by no means was it bad. 

Beef brisket: This was probably the star of the dish. It was amazingly delicious. It was very juicy and tender and the sauce didn't overpower the meat taste. This is something I highly recommend.

Beef Ribs: I'm a sucker for beef ribs, and these were so good the meat came off the bones easily. The flavor was a little bland but that was perfect, because the sauce provided the needed salt.

St Louis Pork Ribs: They were also really good and they melted off their bones, but the St. Louis pork ribs were too salty. I was only able to eat 2 because I couldn't keep eating it, but the flavors were good. 

For the sides we got the: Mac and cheese, corn, and pecan cole slaw.

I originally wanted more vegetables as a side because vegetables help compliment meat, but my little brother wanted the mac and cheese, and the corn. So I chose the cole slaw as a means to cut the richness of the different barbeque meats. 

The mac and cheese was very rich, and I couldn't eat too much of it because of how rich both the entree and the side was. 

I was also so-so with the corn, but as a disclaimer, I'm very impartial to corn to begin with. To me, unless it's naturally very sweet they're almost wasted calories. This was just a personal preference, but my brother wanted it.

The pecan cole slaw was perfect. If anything I would have liked a little more acidity in it, but it was such a good addition to the meal. After a bite of the rich pork ribs, the cole slaw really helps cleanse the palette. It was very refreshing. 

Overall we were very pleased by this restaurant. Our bill came out to be about $39 per person (tax and a hefty tip) but we probably had enough food to last 3 meals."
"Second time here. Our server, Abi was excellent. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and didn't miss a beat. Beef brisket sandwich was amazing! Mac n cheese is out of this world. Will order again. Also celebrated a birthday in the family to which our server brought us a huge complimentary dessert!"
Service and food was beyond excellent! Mac n cheese was sooo good as well as the corn bread and beef ribs! It was a very yummy dinner for a party of 25 coming from San Diego. All of the well reviews that I had read before coming are similar to my experience!
I recently celebrated my 30th Birthday here last week and it was a great experience . The food was very delicious and the drinks were on point . after dinner my group and I headed into the night time club and had a great time . Definitely recommended
"Oh. My. BBQ!!! That was such a delicious yelp find near the Phoenix area. The place was busy but we were seated right away. We asked our awesome server for recommendations and she nailed it. Q rolls, pulled pork sandwich, mac n cheese, strawberry lemonade. We were absolutely stuffed and happy!  And I can't forget to mention the free mini cinnamon donuts at the end of your meal.......oh yeah!! So good!!"
"Yes!!!! Everyone's meal was soooooooooo good!!! I was a little worried about the area this restaurant was in and got a little worried about the signs in parking lot that they aren't responsible for theft in cars! Yikes is this a problem here? 

We decided to give it a try and we're glad we did stay!!!!  The mashed potatoes were sooooooooo good and so was the Mac n cheese! I highly recommend those sides!  The food was all amazing and they give you free donuts at the end! What what!!! How awesome!!!!  

We will visit again if we return to this area!"
"First let me say that you NEED a reservation if you don't want to wait for a table. I used the YELP site to make my reservation and it was super easy. Next the staff was really great! Potter, like Harry""Potter"" was our server and she was very attentive and did an excellent job, keeping our drinks filled and checking on us, very attentive. The manager, Taylor stopped by to check on us too. We couldn't ask for better service. Now, the food. We were a party of 5, skipped the appetizers and I'm so glad we did. We ordered 2 of the Hogs Dinners which said they were for 2, but they were enormous and each platter could have easily fed 3 big eaters. (Not realizing that, I ordered a 1/2 slab of the Baby Back Ribs and 2 sides). On the 1st platter we had ribs, both Baby Back and St Louis style, Brisket, Rotisserie Chicken plus 3 sides, Mac & Cheese, Mash Potatoes and Roasted Corn. The second platter had Sausage, Brisket and Ribs; plus 3 more sides.  We had so much food left over! I wish Potter had told us not to order the extra dinner. If you're in the area, don't be put off by the location, stop there. You won't be sorry."
"There's a damn good reason this place is close to 5 stars with over 3,000 reviews. 

Complimentary cornbread and donuts, impeccable service, moist and tender meats, mouthwatering sides....what other reasons do you need to try this place?

Came here during lunch on a Monday with about 1/3 of the restaurant full. 

Erica, our server, was so wonderful and a great addition to the already hospitable weekend we were having. 

Checked out the lunch menu and they definitely offered great value meals. Boyfriend and I were looking at the 1/3 rack of ribs, but decided to split the whole rack of ribs with 2 sides, mac & cheese and shoestring fries. Erica recommended the mac & cheese and we couldn't have been any happier. With fives cheeses, it was so cheesy and creamy. 

Ribs were moist and fall-off-the-bone tender. They offered 3 types of made in house bbq sauce: regular, spicy and a vinegar based sauce. I liked mixing the spicy with the vinegar based. The added pepper to their shoestring fries made them great on their own. But since I love condiments, I dipped my fries in ranch and the bbq sauces because why not. 

I wish I was hungrier so I could have ordered off the dessert menu. But then all of a sudden a bag of complimentary cinnamon sugar donuts appeared on our table courtesy of Erica and all of a sudden, I had room for donuts. They were made fresh when we got them and they were crunchy and sweet and so satisfying for the end of the meal. I took the rest to go and had them throughout the day. 

I was out here for a Muay Thai competition and if we're planning do this tournament again, Bobby Q is a definite MUST for post fights."
"Best food, environment, and service. Even if you don't like Barbecue, you'll like Bobby Q"
Excellent as always. Recommend reservation. Excellent staff and we really appreciate their friendliness. Our third trip and everything we've ordered has been excellent.
"Still delicious , even better service..I swear we had a waiter and two servers working our table..love it! 

Right now Bobby-q's has a special offer / prix fixe menu .. choice of appetizer , 2 dinners, and  a choice of 1 desert ( it's big)    27.99  not bad ...

Once again I love my meat smoked ... yea I said it.  Brisket was falling  off the bone tender, ribs good , love the coleslaw which is chopped into tiny pieces. lightly season and not greasy . The Q roll appetizers were a tasty start and kept us happy. Of course the complimentary cornbread is really good.. maybe my favorite in the valley.  

BTW Ladies bathroom is cool  in a stainless sink overkill kinda way..."
I am not s bbq fan but the people that I sent there with are and they enjoyed it very much.
"Holy bbq! From the moment you arrive you can smell the wood fire. Had the brisket and it was tender, juicy, and oh man oh so good. Come with an appetite, big portions."
"Amazing food and service :) their cornbread is bomb! 
Appetizers are really good (we got the shrimp the rolled brisket). All their mains are so hearty!! Southern fried chicken are amazing. Their BBQs are definitely must try. 
Consistent friendly and fast customer service. Will definitely come back when we're back in town :)"
"Just came back from another wonderful experience at Bobby Q's on Camelback at 32nd st.  You could smell that wonderful bbq smell as soon as you walked in the door.  We were given a warm welcome and shown to our table.  Our waitress, Ashlynn, was so personable.  We were offered cocktails immediately and treated to a story behind the name of my drink.  I'm hoping to get her every time I'm there.  And the food was plentiful and delicious.  If you love BBQ, you'll love Bobby Q!"
Just got married and couldnt have picked a better place to have dinner. Everyone loved the food and was completely satisfied! The hog meal was more than enough to feed us 3. Will definitely be coming back soon! The artichoke dip and cornbread was perfect! Thank you
"One of the best BBQ restaurants in all of Arizona. Exceptionally large portions, great quality of meats, delicious sides ( especially the CORNBREAD) and consistently good service. 

We visited again on a busy Saturday night around 6pm and from the moment we sat down our exceptional waiter Bryan made sure we received outstanding service. I ordered a full slab of baby back ribs and they arrived hot, juicy and very flavorful. The portion of ribs was so big I ended up taking half home. My wife ordered the top sirloin medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. Again, a big steak that only got half eaten and the rest brought home. There BBQ sweet sauce is exceptional...try it!
Save room on the way home in the car for the extra special treat of a little bag of donuts given to you when you leave!"
"Bobby Q has an amazing atmosphere and delicious meats. The boyfriend and I went there for our third date, and again early May this year as we were in town for a friend's wedding. We shared the Whole Hog's Heaven both times. The ribs were our favorite this time (St Louis Pork Ribs tender and flavorful, and the Jumbo Beef Ribs sooo juicy). Sides were also amazing (mac n cheese to die for; seasonal veggies grilled with a perfect hint of smokiness). The corn bread wasn't quite as solid and buttery as we remembered from two and a half years ago, but service made up for that, and they had sent us home both times with with our doggie bags and complementary mini donuts to go :) This is definitely one of our favorite restaurants in Phoenix, and we will look forward to coming back when we are in the Phoenix area again."
"Best steak & lobster in Phoenix. Our go to restaurant! Service is A+, great atmosphere prefect for a night out."
"I didn't know once I stepped into this dimly lit, vivacious establishment that my life would be changed forever. From the groovy bangers to the tender, well-seasoned meats, Bobby Q has everything you ever wished for in a restaurant. 
However, the grandeur of the restaurant does not stop there. After indulging in some moist corn bread, I decided that I wanted a cocktail that would freshen my night up. But there were so many choices in their diverse menu, how could I ever choose? I was set on ordering the Watermelon Cooler, and called over a mysterious waiter, Dylan, to tell him my order. Little did I know his service and demeanor would be the spark in my sudden revelation. Dylan was the amalgamation of Paul Rudd, Chris Pratt, and Chris Evans and quite frankly any other marvel super hero with confidence, bravery, and class. Once I ordered, he respectively gave me his opinion on my drink choice, saying that it was not one of his favorites, and steered me in the right direction with the El Chingo, a smokey, zesty vanilla and cinnamon wonderland. He said that if this drink wasn't for me, he would also give me the cooler with no added charge. Trusting his confident opinion, I went with the Chingo and was blown away by the flavor explosion. From then on our whole dining experience was taken to another level by his helpful comments and playful aura. Our server, Dylan, has sparked some self-reflection in myself that I didn't know I needed. I came to Bobby Q's looking to have a delightful meal with my family, which was easily achieved, but have left this fine establishment with a new outlook on life and humanity."
"We were traveling from Los Angeles, California and we were passing Phoenix,AZ. We were so glad that we passed by here in Bobby Q. We were seated quickly and our waitress, Sarah, was very accommodating and friendly. She gave us a thorough rundown of the menu and recommended her favorites. She also helped us choose our items since we told her we couldn't eat pork. The food came out in a timely manner and was piping hot! Everything was delicious. My personal favorite was the beef ribs. The meal also came with complimentary cornbread (before the meal) and donuts (after). 5/5, would highly recommended this place if you're ever in the Phoenix area. Definitely coming back!"
I wish this place was closer to home. I live all the way in Surprise and still come here for BBQ. It's the only place I still enjoy baby back ribs. Brodie was awesome and super patient.
The best I've ever had!!! We always go when we're in Phoenix! We're from Southern California!!!
"Man I really wanted to give this place 5 stars... The food was incredible but the service was actually left me unsatisfied.

Found this place on a whim, I was stuck in the area and starving and saw the great reviews here so decided to give it a try. The place wasn't too busy on a Thursday night but I stood at the front podium for what felt like 3-4 minutes with waiters, hosts, bartenders buzzing around me doing things, chatting with each other and not even noticing I was standing there waiting. They finally sat me but then I waited another 9 minutes (this time I kept my eye on my watch) to get greeted and brought a menu. I was dining on my own as I travel for work and have noticed that when you are a table of one, you get kind of forgotten about. 

I ordered the Q rolls, which, oh my god, GET THE Q ROLLS!!!! So tender and juicy and the dipping sauces are great. I also got the ribeye which was delicious as well. The cornbread was one of the best cornbread I have ever had. I even got to take home two little complimentary donuts. 

This place has ALL of the right ingredients to be a favorite but I just wish service was a bit more attentive. However, I would definitely visit back next time I am in Phoenix."
"BBQ chain throughout Arizona that came recommended to me. Wasn't bad, but nothing special - I haven't had much luck with bbq in AZ. This place has 4.5 stars on Yelp w/ 1000+ reviews which goes the show the bar of bbq here in AZ. Again, wasn't bad... just very average. "
"From the moment we sat down, I knew this was about to be an experience I couldn't wait to talk about...in a good way!  Alyssa is THE MAN!!! (I reiterated this over and over during our meal and she agreed so I'm cool lol) 

Ok starting off with the fact that they squeeze the fruit juice fresh every day is enough to end it with too, so when you order your drink...somebody literally put some ""elbow grease"" into it, so don't skimp on the tip is what I'm suggesting.

The Q-Rolls are the best!!!! I honestly didn't get past those on the menu, lol.  Had 2 orders, can't wait to get back to Phoenix to try the full menu.  Oh, and they have their own Private Label Woodford Reserve too!"
"The st louis ribs are some of the best around.  Management and staff were very friendly.  Lots of different items to try.  Will need to go back again and try some of their sandwiches.  This is not the same old, overpriced steakhouse pretending to be a BBQ joint.  Although they have lots of variety, the bbq items are actually good."
"Quick and simple:

Beef ribs = OK; I've had better.
Baby back ribs = GOOD; juicy.
Coleslaw = GOOD; unique/different with the pecans
Corn = OK
Ambiance = OK
Parking = OK
Service = GOOD hosts; SHITTY manager. Why? He gave me unnecessary attitude when I presented my Yelp Check-in, grabbed my phone from my hand without asking, and when I said ""Thank you"" when he gave it back, he said nothing and just walked away and joked around with his coworkers. Eff your rude *ss. 

Don't recommend and won't be back. Service is EVERYTHING when eating out."
"I have never had a bad experience here. My mother in law and I went here with a group of giants that is my husband, his brother, and his father. They gave us a table that sat us comfortably and served us a great meal. The staff was very nice and helpful. They were nice enough to give us extra sauce and were very quick about everything! It was a great experience and I would recommend this place tk anyone who loves bbq."
"Absolutely AMAZING BBQ!!! Server, SHELBY was AWESOME! Q-Roll Appetizer is a MUST!!!! The Salmon is excellent at a bbq restaurant!!! Alyssa the Bartender was wonderful! Extremely efficient! Knows the menu and even helped do sign language with hearing impaired customers!! We all enjoyed our experience at Bobby Q!!"
Delicious barbecue I  recommend the pulled pork and ribs they also serve amazing donuts at the end of your meal make sure to save room.
Good place to unwind and have a couple of beers. Regularly meet friends here for happy hour ! Always a good time.
This was the beat BBQ that I in while and our waiter Meghan was the best she did an awesome job and made sure we had our order correct and kept our drink filled and was on top of everything would recommend anyone to come here and enjoy some bomb food. When coming from Los Angeles to phx have to hit this spot b4 going back home to Los Angeles
"This place had amazing BBQ. Everything had a nice Smokey flavor! I'm not a huge meat eater, so I ordered a salad. But, then I tasted some of my husbands chicken and sausage.... whew,  I wish I would have ordered the meat! The fries were also great! One piece of advice...Order the meat"
Maybe it's our Texan taste buds but we were not impressed. Service was phenomenal and food was good - not what is expected based on the reviews or price.
"Today I spent about three hours at Bobby Q's while having a lunch meeting. I received excellent service from both the management and staff while I was there, not to mention the fantastic 1/3 rack of Baby backs. The French Press Coffee was a nice touch to an already fantastic meal. It's always nice to find a great place for a meal but the ambience and staff always makes for a much better experience."
"Being from LA, there is a dearth of deliciously smoked American BBQ spots. So when I travel out-of-state, I seek out the best available BBQ spots to gorge on while I can. Bobby Q definitely satisfied my BBQ cravings.

We ordered the Whole hog heaven, and it's a TON of food. There were 3 of us and we couldn't finish everything. Every piece of meat was so juicy, tender and delicious. The BBQ sauce was out of this world. 

Service: Wow talk about hospitality! I felt like I was being welcomed into someone's home. Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. It definitely felt like they wanted us there. I haven't had that kind of welcoming environment in LA for awhile."
The Qrolls for an appetizer was very thoughtfully prepared with bbq sauce and chipotle ranch. Tender brisket inside was smoky and robust! We then split the 2 meat sampler. The fall off the bone tender ribs are the best I have had anywhere! The pulled pork was smoked just enough and very tender. As we were leaving our server Bryan gave us some mini donuts. Bryan was very attentive and personable. Offered some tips from the menu and knew his bbq. Ask for Bryan by name. Bryan deserves a raise and not to second floor either! :)
"Seriously awesome BBQ in a totally random place.  The ribs were unreal, seriously, fall off the bone, meaty deliciousness to the face.  Be prepared to wait for a little while before being seated, we came on a Tuesday night and had to wait for about 30 minutes, always a good sign that you're in for a treat.  I will definitely be back!"
"Best food.  Beef brisket amazing.  Had a catered last minute party and food was a hit

Thank you Bobby Q"
BBQ was on point. The sides are average to bad. Mac 'n cheese was just velveeta and veggies were raw with no seasoning.
"We just left chili's because of bad service, we walk in here the staff is welcoming, and our waitress ( samantha) comes over and introduces her self and offers us drinks, and gives us food suggestions .. This is a big deal considering the lack of service we just received at chili's. This place is more costly than chili's but You definitely get what you pay for. Better service better food. Bobby Q's closes at 10pm tonight and the staff is still friendly and attentive, as we walked in at 940 ish. I would definitely go back, this is my second time here and I have yet to have anything bad or bad service."
"Christin provided outstanding service. Will return and recommend to my friends and family. 
Great atmosphere alao"
"It's Monday afternoon and for some reason or another some restaurants close on Monday. So we just happen to be near Bobby Q and it was past lunch time, made a last minute decision eat here. Besides we haven't been here in a while. We didn't have to wait long to be seated since the lunch crowd was gone. We were seated by Arianna, our server and soon after we were seated she handed us our menu. Since it was not dinner yet and after lunch, I decided to go for a smaller meal. I went for the Sliced BBQ Prime Beef Brisket sandwich and I chose the baked potato as my side with all the fixings. As we were waiting for our orders cornbread was placed at our table with soft butter to spread in the cornbread. They were delicious to say the least. My dish was brought out and it was all I could do to stop focusing on my Brisket sandwich. Let me tell you I was not disappointed with my dish. Everything was cooked to perfection and by the time I was done I had eaten every morsel of goodness. I must of been hungry but, it was the way everything was prepared. I will return and try something different next time. 
As a jester of advice, whenever you check in to Bobby Q or other restaurants that offer a discount on your check in, tell your server and show them, so that you are given the discount."
"Awesome!  .....................My review wa too short for help's taste. I'm not sure how much more they need in terms if verbiage, but AWESOME says it all."
Out of town and looked like a fun place. Didn't disappoint! The pig out was plenty food with leftovers for 4 of us!
"This was my first time making reservations the day before on an automated system.   It worked perfectly.  We had to pick family up at the airport on a Friday night at 5:20 so we had to guess at a time we would be there.  When we got to Bobby Q's a little early there were many people waiting outside and we expected to have a little wait since we were early.  We gave our name and were immediately shown to our table which was great because we had a hungry six year old with us.   Our server was right there to take drink orders and we were able to order for the child so that was nice.   The food was wonderful.  Two of us ordered the Sliced Brisket sandwich and the brisket was moist, smokey , tender just like it should be.  We had someone order the catfish sandwich and they are from the midwest so they know their catfish, it disappeared fast.  
The last person ordered the pulled pork tacos and they loved them.   The green chili sauce on the side was a big hit, even with the catfish sandwich person.  The out of towners were delighted with the cornbread before the dinner and the cinnamon sugar donuts at the end.   They loved the atmosphere and especially the lighted patio when we left.  They have already requested to go back next time they come."
"Love this place! Mac and cheese and ribs go at a weird time, like 4. Gets you in and out quick:)"
Excellent BBQ joint @ PHX!  Great menu selection (see menu here: http://bit.ly/5wWlwt). They have wonderful BBQ Combo platters. I usually get the Ribs and Pork. The sides are great as well. They've outdoor seating. Great place to have nice red meat and a beer at a fair price.
"This place had tasty food, but it wasn't special. It's been around since I was young, but I've only been there twice. Very salty."
"I gotta admit that their food is so tasty & tender, it's unbelievable, bbq done right. Good environment for dinner with friends and family. 

They still do a great meal even when busy. I've had to cancel appointments several times because of unexpected reasons, they've always been understanding. Price is fairly reasonable for the quality & fast service. Good place for ribs & bbq!"
"It was so delicious! Try the loaded brisket potato! It doesn't disappoint. Also, the staff was amazing. Extremely friendly, i can't begin to describe the atmosphere, came for a work function it was about 10 people. The event was great! I selected the restaurant from friends recommendations, if you've been considering this restaurant just go!"
"First let me say that you NEED a reservation if you don't want to wait for a table. I used the YELP site to make my reservation and it was super easy. Next the staff was really great! Potter, like Harry""Potter"" was our server and she was very attentive and did an excellent job, keeping our drinks filled and checking on us, very attentive. The manager, Taylor stopped by to check on us too. We couldn't ask for better service. Now, the food. We were a party of 5, skipped the appetizers and I'm so glad we did. We ordered 2 of the Hogs Dinners which said they were for 2, but they were enormous and could have easily fed 3 big eaters, plus a 1/2 slab of the Baby Back Ribs and 2 sides. On the 1st one, we had ribs, both Baby Back and St Louis style, Brisket, Rotisserie Chicken plus 3 sides, Mac & Cheese, Mash Potatoes and Roasted Corn. The second platter had Sausage, Brisket and Ribs; plus 3 more sides.  We had so much food left over! I wish Potter had told us not to order the extra dinner. If you're in the area, don't be put off by the location, stop there. You won't be disappointed."
"Fun atmosphere, friendly service, fast kitchen. We had a great time! We tried the baby back ribs as well as the St Louis Style ribs. Delish! Sauce was just right! The cornbread was fantastic, too! Sides: Mac and cheese is true southern (Velveeta?) not my fave, pecan slaw was a fun twist, baked potato was well seasoned and loaded, beans were meaty, veggies were mediocre. Next time we'll try the mashed and the corn. The bill came with a yummy bag of cinnamon sugar donuts. Sweet! Thanks, Chris for great service! Thanks, Jack, for checking in with us and making us feel welcome!"
My son and I love this place! Excellent food. We think it's the best barbecue in the greater Phoenix area! This is our go to when we want barbecue! The sides are excellent too!
"My bf made a reservation here for us..me a belated bday dinner and him a comfort bbq meal after his first long week at his new job. We got the q rolls to start-they were fantastic!!- and got the whole hog heaven to share (this is a 3 day leftover meal for us) the ribs were so tender fall-off-the-bone, we were able to get fried catfish as one of our meats which was really good and not too fishy, and also got sausage which was not too spicy and perfect. My bf loves his bbq (especially Kansas city BBQ) and he claims that this was comparable to it. What really was the star of the show were the post meal complimentary sugar donuts. They were half baked with still chewy batter in them and were absolute fried pieces of heaven. We were able to get our waiter to get a dozen of them for us to take home with our leftovers. Great service and great bbq!"
"One of the most popular BBQ places around. When we're here, it's protein time! My boyfriend and I ordered the three meat combo (baby back ribs, beef brisket, pulled pork) with 2 sides (mac & cheese and fries); and we split the order between the two of us. The meat from the baby back ribs was super tender, and easily fell off the bone - just the way I like it. The beef brisket was also tender, and very flavorful. The pulled pork was extremely juicy, giving you that gratification when you bite into it. Two thumbs up on their meat. Nothing spectacular about the mac & cheese and fries though. 

Service was great. I was with some friends who have never been here before, and the waitress patiently explained the menu. She also made some good recommendations to them. I was very happy with her fast service, splitting the check amongst our group correctly and quickly getting out those togo boxes. 

The best part about having a full belly at the end of your dinner is getting free complimentary donuts. I can't say ""no"" to sugar donuts! Love this place."
"Great food and great service! 

-bbq was perfectly cooked and seasoned
-appetizers were hot and delicious!"
This was my first time at this restaurant and it has an amazing menu and the food was really tasty and would definitely recommend it especially the steak.
"Bobby Q's is always awesome. You have to try the Q rolls! They are so good especially with ranch dip. Hubby always gets The Perfect Burger and it is always great. It's big, tender and juicy. The brisket is yummy too. Drinks are great and the little doughnuts they give you to go are a delicious little treat. Oh and they have a gorgeous patio. To sum up just do yourself a favor and check this awesome place out!"
1st time here. Recommended by a friend.  This place is awesome. Great atmosphere & service is good.  Food is amazing. The orange blossom beer is great. Complimentary corn bread and butter cones out hot.  Q-rolls -  brisket stuffed egg rolls are amazing. For the entree I ordered the 2 meat combo with sausage and pulled pork. Baked potato loaded and ranch beans on the side.  Delicious!   The food is outstanding here.   5 stars. If your in Phoenix you have to stop by.
Love this place I've been coming here for years good food good service call drinks great prices come out and check out Bobby Q
"I'll go 4.5/5 for this one.  I've eaten BBQ all over the country, and I can't say Bobby Q is ""as good as it gets"", but they are pretty darn good.  Almost 3 weeks ago Mr. M and I met up with Tim S. and his family to give this place a try.  

Right away I was impressed with the friendly service, and the hostess was helpful when we needed to add a high chair to the table.  Our server was Kanisha and she did a great job and was on point with taking our orders, making sure our drinks weren't empty, and bringing us togo boxes and the check when we were ready.  

We wanted to be able to try a wide variety of items so we started with the Q-rolls ($10.50), which are absolutely delicious.  Brisket wrapped up like an egg roll?  Heck yeah!  Those disappeared quickly.  We also started with their house beer, which if memory serves is an amber ale and that was a nice, easy to drink beer.  Really enjoyed that as well.  The smaller one is $4.95 and the larger one is $6.00, so the moral of that story is, go for the big one!

I ordered the BBQ chicken/prime rib combo ($34) which came with 3 sides.  I chose the loaded baked potato, mac & cheese, and the ranch beans.  Mr. M ordered the 3 meat combo ($25) with pulled pork, brisket, and some ribs.  

I thought I would waddle out of the joint stuffed to the gills, but we actually had so much fun talking that I didn't eat nearly as much as I thought I would.  Here's what I thought of the food:  Prime rib, chicken, and ribs:  Excellent!  Brisket: very good.  Pulled pork and ranch beans: really nothing going on there.  Very little flavor in the pork, and the beans tasted syrupy and had no BBQ flavor.  The other sides we had were very good.  I could OD on the mac & cheese.  Nicely done.

Lunch was pricey if you look at the receipt total of $93.63 after tax, before tip, but we had a lot of leftovers.  Overall we had a great experience and I would go back any time."
"Went here last night for dinner and the experience was...okay. Service was great, drinks were great but the food was lacking. Really wanted some killer BBQ and was let down. My wife got the chicken sandwich and I got the 2 meat combination plate. The chicken sandwich was sort of sweet tasting and the chicken didn't taste grilled. The 2 meats I got were the brisket and the baby back ribs. I got mash potatoes and broccoli on the side. Both meats has no smoke rings. Honestly they both tasted like they were put in a slow cooker. Yes it was fall of the bone meat but it fell off like it definitely was put in a crock pot or something originally. Not much flavor or smokiness. The BBQ sauce was okay but not for a BBQ restaurant. The broccoli was not cooked enough. The mash was okay. 

Sorry, never coming back intentionally. Was very expensive for the quality."
Really good barbecue is served up here. The sides are nicely prepared as well. The service is fast and friendly. And the ambience is  inviting.
We eat here a lot. These r the most amazing bbq ribs I've had in my life!!!! My moms bf brought us there for Mother's Day one year raving about how good it is and I was like yeah sure ok but walked out think holy crap that's amazing food each visit has held up to the last so good
The environment is wonderful the food depending on what you order I ordered the smoked prime  rib well there was no smoke to the flavor  disappointed to say the least I prefer the rib eye. I won't be ordering the prime rib again!
"First time eating here. I love it. There is no way anyone can eat all of this food in one setting. I'm completely speechless. Everything I ate was delicious even the donuts that they give you at the end of the meal. 

Ashlen is an excellent waitress! Extremely friendly and knows the menu well. I will definitely return, but the next time I'll make sure I have on my fat girl pants."
"Very good food. Ginny, our server, kept up with our group of ten. The brisket tacos were great."
"Went to their newest location on Camelback to my surprise it was very small for the amount of people that enjoys Bobby Q's we had to wait for a table and when seated it felt crammed against other tables, not like their location off 1-17 North of Dunlap.  All and all we enjoyed their food as we usually do.  Hope that they have the opportunity to make it bigger!!!"
"This is the go to spot for a nice quiet dinner inside or out, the meat is amazing and if you feel like breaking those dance shoes out they have two dance floors! Love going here definitely gotta try this place out at least once."
"Awesome food and our server Alyssa was fantastic! Definitely a 5 star rating.
The two meat combo, Mac & cheese and corn was a great choice. House made lemonade was great and the cornbread and donuts must be enjoyed!"
"This place is SO SO good! The prices are a bit expensive but all the food is amazing!

My family and I came for an earlier dinner at around 5 and they were having Happy Hour, so the place filled up quickly. There is plenty of parking and seating, we sat out on the patio which was wheelchair accessible. 

Our waiter Derrick was the nicest most attentive host! We quickly ordered and he constantly checked in on us and when we asked to switch out sides he was quick to do it.

We ordered their happy hour bbq sliders for $7 to start which came with shoestring fries. We also ordered the bbq baby back ribs and the ribeye 14 oz steak. Both came with two sides each and cornbread. And now begins my rant on how much I love the food: The cornbread is so soft and probably the best cornbread I've ever had. The baby back ribs were so soft they fell off the bone, literally. The mashed potatoes were a side and it was creamy and even had bits of skin which I really liked. My mom loved the pecan cole slaw which U found to be drier than usual cole slaw. We also ordered the Q-lada which was a decadent drink and was sweet and tasty! 

All in all it was a good experience all around, great ambiance, decor, and food!"
Food was not great. Food was cold when it got to our table. We had ordered the onion bloom and it was so loaded with grease you couldn't eat it. Our waiter was slow and kept disappearing. This was my first visit here and was told how good it was. I won't be going back and my daughter won't either.
"Very good ribs, melt in your mouth brisket, ranch beans and pecan cole slaw were decent, award winning mac and cheese tasted just regular... nothing special but ours didn't have a cooked crust like other photos on here. All in all great "" BBQ"" place.  Will be back!"
"Super happy with this place! My husband and some co-workers were actually planning on a different BBQ place which ended up being closed so we picked this place last minute!!! I am so happy we did! The appetizers were awesome! I love how easy to share they were! I got some Brisket and loved it! The house BBQ sauce is like a sticky sweet sauce and its heaven! Awesome prices for what you get! Nothing tastes over processed either, great products! Will be back very soon!"
BBQ was good and 5 of us split the feast and had food left.  Great value with family dining atmosphere. A bit loud but was expected.
Omgoodness! They have the best food ever but hard to get in for dinner. My significant other and I tried to book a reservation for our 1 year Anniversary on May 26th but they wouldn't take my reservation and when we stopped in they said it would be a 2 hour wait. It was a little sad because we went their on our 1st date and we was trying to replicate our 1st date. Oh well.
"One of the best BBQ restaurants in AZ. 
The other two are located in Mesa and at the Biltmore of course they are Bobby Q restaurants too

Well it's been about a year since my last review at this location. 

I frequent the 27th Ave. location as well as the Biltmore location often. 

Great staff, fantastic BBQ. You can't go wrong."
Holy cow fantastic bbq! Little pricy but great variety and options! Fantastic serving sizes and awesome drinks! Really wanna bring visitors here with us or for special occasion! Great service great eats!
"I come from the Midwest and have high expectations for bbq, and believe me Bobby Q didn't disappoint. We had the food delivered to our office for an offsite, and we feasted on brisket, chicken, beans, Mac and cheese, and brownies. Everything was excellent. I could have eaten the entire container of brisket and Mac and cheese. My only complaint is that we only received 6 buns for the 6 of us so any seconds had to be without bread."
"A few years back I had seen this cool looking building surrounded by a trees...behind of all things in Phoenix....a scuba dive shop.  I had no idea exactly what it was.  That was until this time around (2018), when we busted out the oracle that is yelp and learned that is ""Bobby Q.""  A play on BBQ....rightfully so.

Craving MEAT....we opted to pay this location a visit after some afternoon baseball. We parked in the front which was actually the back and enjoyed the greenery.

There was no issues what so ever on getting a table.  Fast and friendly service.  The interior is hard to describe.  I can only say that it is very cozy.  Every employee there was all smiles and working their tails off.  Our server...damn, if I can remember her name and I lost my receipt....she was awesome!  Happy and quick to suggest something tasty when we asked her.

The first thing she confirmed after we ordered was the ""Q-Rolls,""  These were delicious pastry style rolls with delicious brisket tucked inside.  They were served with a delicious chipotle sauce.  I was so enamored with them, I forgot to take pictures of anything else....with exception of a delicious coconut mojito, we had ordered prior.

Next up was the ""The Whole Hog Heaven,""  the GF and I split this amazing plate of BBQ.  It consisted of Baby Back Ribs....so tender the bones popped right out.  Beef ribs of which I devoured.  Pulled pork and Prime Brisket with mac-n-cheese and pecan coleslaw.  All for $51.

We were drunk on BBQ.  So good was what I can only say is the single greatest BBQ experience I have ever had, we chowed until there was nothing left.  NOTHING!

No meat sweats.....maybe just a little.  It was meat nirvana that was complimented by a visit from taylor.  Not sure exactly what his role in the experience is.  I can only saw he is a BBQ sage who wants to help you transition from the physical to the spiritual side of smoked deliciousness.

So full....no desert was ordered.  No matter....Bobby Q has a marvelous little doughnut machine and you are given a complimentary bag of tasty, fried dough.

Wherever we stay next year....you can bet your bottom dollar, we will pay Bobby ""Budda"" Q a visit.........."
"Went twice while in Phoenix for two weeks,  the pulled pork was spectacular. The smoasted half chicken was good but I'd rather have the pulled pork."
"Very bland and very fatty, nice place and friendly staff, but the food taste like can food."
"Oh my God! The baby back ribs. The pecan cole slaw. The corn bread (complimentary with your meal) and the fresh hot mini cinnamon-spiced donuts that are given to you on the way out. This was a near perfect experience, the service, the food, the awesome exterior...everything!"
"I consider myself a BBQ connoisseur, traveled to many places in search of some of the best BBQ places, I know Texas, Kansas City, Memphis, and North Carolina are the BBQ capitals of the US.  I would say Bobby Q's is more like Kansas City style than anything else.  They drown the sauce all over the meats, in which hides the true flavors of the smoked meats.  I have heard about this place many times, and finally gave it a try since my co-worker raved about this place, and said it was voted as one of the best in AZ.  In which, I respectfully disagree BIG TIME.  That honor would go to Little Miss BBQ in Phoenix.  I would say even Rudy's, Joe's, and Famous Dave's is far superior.  So let's get into my review.

I came to this place on a Saturday afternoon with my wife and my brother.  We noticed the building off the I-17, it felt older and had a BBQ smell about it, in which I enjoyed.  The dining room was dark and  had an older feel to it.  We decided to sit outside.  One thing that I did notice is the chairs are very old and falling apart.  I had to move some chairs around cause a few of them had BBQ stains on them.  Anyways, I'm at a BBQ joint, so I don't let that stuff bother me, it's almost to be expected.  We ordered the Hog Heaven and fried chicken dish.  The Hog Heaven consisted of half a rack of spare ribs, 2 beef ribs, some pulled pork, and prime brisket.  It also came with 3 sides in which we ordered shoe string potatoes, mac and cheese and a baked potato.  There was also corn bread for the table.  My wife enjoyed her fried chicken dish, but thought the sides were a little bland and mashed potatoes could of used more butter and salt.  My experience  with the Hog Heaven was just ok.  When enjoying BBQ, I normally don't like ribs completely falling off the bone, and the pulled pork was completely doused with sauce, and the brisket was extremely tender.  I'm not trying to be a BBQ snob, but I like ""competition style"" BBQ.  Ribs should be tender, but hold up.  You should be able to take a bite and not completely fall off the bone, and the same with brisket.  It should be able to pull it apart and be tender and moist on the pallet.  The brisket completely fell apart and was too covered with too much BBQ sauce.  We were served two beef ribs, but one barely had any meat on it, (See Picture).  For 50.00 for the Hog Heaven, I truly didn't feel it was worth the price.  The sides were ok, but how hard is it to screw up fries, and a baked potato.  The mac and cheese was good though.  Overall, our experience was ok, nothing to rave about, but I'm glad I had a chance to experience Bobby Q and see what all the fuss was about.

In conclusion, I'm more of a sauce on the side kind of guy.  I truly enjoy BBQ and enjoy the smoked flavor and the tenderness of the meats.  The sauce should be on the side and help accentuate the meat, not completely covering the meats.  Why smoke BBQ for 6 to 15 hours if you are just going to ruin the flavor?  In the area, there aren't a lot of great BBQ places, but I would give this place another shot, I would just order the sauce on the side.  I love's Joe BBQ in gilbert, but I've had a bad experience, where the meat was a little dry, so I would give this a try again."
"This is one of my favorite places to go for steak & ambiance. The waiters are professional & genuinely friendly, not fake friendly. Our food was brought to us in a timely matter & was delicious!"
"This is hands down one of the best bbq joints west of the Mississippi. Their food is no secret in the Phx area. More than likely you will have to wait for a table that is unless you show up at opening. Reservations available through Yelp, but if your party is larger than 6, a phone call is in order. There were 7 in our party. 6:30pm reservations on a Sunday and we showed up to a full house. Tried walking in on Saturday eve but the wait time was 2 hours for 5 people. 

The bbq is delicious. I went with the Whole Hog Heaven, $56 and split with my wife. 2 styles of ribs with some brisket. I had lots of leftovers. No way I was leaving that bbq behind. I brought it back to Cali with me. Everything was good. My friends enjoyed their meals and thanked me for pointing them in right direction. If it weren't for me they would have eaten that so called bbq up the road at one of those roadhouse joints. 

This is not a sports bar type atmosphere. There are a couple of small TVs by the bar. Great cocktails available as well. Make sure to get some of their fresh mini donuts on the way out. 

Also, kid friendly for those traveling with kiddos. Parking lot is huge, which means full lot equals full house."
"My husband told me that Bobby Q is on the top 100s for best Barbecue in the US but I say top 10 and the best in the world for Mac and cheese! The service is always top notch! I have said before I never really liked smoked food but it's so perfect here and the barbecue sauce is so good! Thanks to the chefs and wait staff for another great experience! 






Okay 11 months later and once again had best BBQ meal. Heads down the best service in town the Manager was on the floor with a smile, very pleasant and making sure the customers were happy. Our waiter recommended an appetizer that was so good. I hope that more people will come try the Greatest BBQ in AZ!!!"
Great food and go here often. Does get very busy so try go early unless you are ok waiting.   Would recommend to anyone.
Parking was great. Wait time was shorter than what the hostess said it would be. Our waitress was really great. The food was good with the exception of one major thing. The BBQ sauce is inedible. I'm from the South and I know what championship bbq tastes like and this place desecrates the poor animals that are processed for our delight.
"Delicious bbq ! Had the brisket and pork ribs, with a side of Mac n cheese and potatoes. Their cornbread is to die for  cocktails were amazing also. Cute atmosphere and lots to choose from. Def going back to try out some other stuff"
"This place has dropped in quality since Bobby mcgee era and earlier days of Bobby-Q. 

I have come back three times and hoped things were just not good that one time. I used to work at the old tattoo parlor behind the place and we would eat there daily because it was so good.

Now, it's opposite of quality and just a brand name for the cesspool Phoenix has become as well. The macaroni is dry, the meat is nasty, the soda was disgusting. I just don't understand what's going on, but I won't be back again.

Honestly, this place is beyond just average. Sad to say this and post it:( but it had to be done... maybe they will try harder and make better food again one day."
Gutes Essen. Restaurant war gut besucht. Das nchste mal wrde ich Baby Back Rib bestellen. BBQ Sauce ist sehr gut.
"I'm officially in love with place. Had dinner here tonight while in town on business and it is by far the best meal I've had here (and perhaps the best meal I've had anywhere). To be honest, I'm not a huge bbq eater. I will eat it but it's not typically something I seek out but I can guarantee that I will eat here anytime I'm in town. The corn bread was exceptionally good and the appetizer (I forget the name but it was basically like a brisket filled egg roll) was delicious. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and mac and cheese and I totally could have licked the bowl after I finished the mac and cheese. It was all so good. The server was amazingly friendly and helpful too. Plus they sent us home with a bag of super delicious mini doughnuts that I said I would be having for breakfast but truthfully I doubt they will last the night."
"Over the years that I've lived in AZ, I've driven by this restaurant many times. It's barely visible from I-17.  It's name reminded me of a chain back in So Cal know as Bobby McGee's which was so, so - so . . . I wasn't particularly eager to give it a try, that is, until ready other reviews here on Yelp.  

It is indeed quite pricey especially for a BBQ joint but it has a cool vibe with a large outdoor brick wall patio and an inviting interior. It reminds me of visiting somebody's home but entering through the backyard.

The BBQ is pretty good in my humble opinion.  I'm not from a BBQ state but I've been lucky to sample some good fare in places like North Carolina, Texas and even Colorado.  Bobby Q's is really tasty and well prepared.  Always tender, perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection.

As others have mentioned, their portions are quite sizable which makes them perfect for sharing which in turn brings the per serving price down.  

This is a great place for a large family celebration but order carefully or you'll end up with a huge bill and a lot of leftovers."
"Bobby Q is the best BBQ food I've ever had hands down! Always great food, great service and a friendly atmosphere. Their ribs are very meaty and fall off the bones. Best Mac n Cheese ever and the corn bread cakes always delicious! I would recommend Bobby Q to anyone. Never disappoints!"
"Tonight we chose one of our favorite restaurants, Bobby Q located on 32nd street in Phoenix, Az. My wife and I love their bbq sandwich. Their sauce ranks up there with some of the best and you can order mild, a little hot or both to try. We haven't tried the ribs but intend to do so at some future visit. Our waitress tonight was Emily and she made sure we were fully enjoying our meal. Prior to serving the main course, we were served warm cornbread with butter, Yum. After finishing the entree with cole slaw, we were then treated to warm mini-donuts fresh out of the oven. We give Bobby Q five out of five stars. Oh, if you plan to give them a try, you might consider making a reservation as they tend to stay busy. I'm sure you won't be disappointed.

Michael Wright"
"Came here for the first time. Heard great reviews. Never new there was a restaurant here. It's like hidden, lots of trees next to it. You park in the back of the restaurant. 

Sign up for the club member to get emails and your first email you get $10 off. 
Check in on yelp you get 10% off. 


I got the filet mignon it comes with 2 sides I got mash potatoes & garden veggies. It was delicious. 

Also we got the whole hog heaven. Comes with 2 rib choices, 2 meats, & 3 sides. We we got the baby back ribs & St. Louis ribs. They are both good the only difference is the St. Louis ribs taste more smokey. The meats we got both chicken rotisserie. The sides we got were mash potatoes, garden vegetables & fries. There were a lot of fries. The veggies were huge. The meats, were good & ribs. 

After you order your food they bring you corn bread with butter. It's delicious and sweet. Also after your meal they bring you complementary donuts they tasted like cinnamon to me but for my more they tasted like lemons."
"Everything was ECELLENT!!!  Prime Rib was one of the best I've ever had anywhere.  The ribs and briskets were falling off the bone.  Even the chicken fingers and fries were really good.  All the food was executed VERY well and above expectations.  Bryce helped us and was very efficient in getting our family in and out of their during our late night dinner.

I actually left my credit card there and came back the next day.  While waiting for a few minutes, I saw how great every staff member was that walked by asking people standing around if they have been helped, etc.  

This is how a restaurant should be run."
"Taelor was a great server, food was awesome. Patio seating is so cute, perfect for a date night. Highly recommend"
"The ratings for this restaurant are a bit deceiving. The service was great and our waitress was so humble and respectful. Food was bleh, it was ok. I didn't finish my BBQ because it just wasn't too good. The pork ribs (St. Louis style) were really fatty, mushy, and unappetizing. The sides were actually decent, but I don't think I'll be coming back."
It is so nice to come to a place  each time exceeds my expectations. The service the food the atmosphere heck even the noise brought joy to my heart far exceeds expectations.
"Bobby Q is an excellent BBQ restaurant in Phoenix.  The portions are large and the food is tasty.  

We recently went and shared a rack of St Louis ribs, brisket, corn bread, mac and cheese, a smokehouse burger and fries.

The ribs and brisket were good.  The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious.  The corn bread was soft and fresh.  The fries were the perfect size.  But the best of the best was the smoke house burger.  It was a huge patty on an awesome toasted bun.  It came with shoestring onion stack, bbq sauce, and cheese.  Easily a top 5 burger in the valley.  

I recommend Bobby Qs to any bbq fan or burger fan.  Highly recommend the smokehouse burger."
"I'll say up front that, being a Texas BBQ fan (and resident), I was a bit skeptical of BBQ here in the desert, but I was here with a group from work, and they were footing the bill, so here we go. 

First up at the table, following beverage service, were baskets of little round cornbread rolls, a little smaller than hockey pucks, but far more tasty. They were a little sweet, but not overwhelmingly so, baked to a golden brown, and great with the supplied whipped butter. 

For the main course, I ordered a three meat plate with sliced brisket, ribs, and sausage, with a side of mac and cheese. Here's the rundown:

Brisket: This, alone with the other meats, had sauce already applied (I forgot to ask for it to be omitted), but it wasn't slathered with it. The meat was a tad bit dry, but it was what we call in Texas ""lean brisket"", so that was to be expected. It did, however, have good smoke and a pleasant flavor all around. It was also well seasoned, as were the other two meats. A good start to the meal!

Ribs: These were smallish, still ""assembled"", and looked quite nice. Upon digging in, they were a slight bit overcooked (definitely the ""falling off of the bone"" phase), but the meat was tender without being mushy, and it also had good smoke and flavor. There was also a quite nice meat to bone ratio. 

Sausage: The weakest of a decent spread of meats, this was a medium grind that wasn't overly ""Eckrich-y"", had good smoke, but the flavor just didn't wow me. 

Mac & cheese: A fairly standard offering, it did have a good, strong cheese flavor and creamy texture, but the pasta was overdone . 

This was really a nice meal. After the main service, a few bags of little donuts, sprinkled with sugar, arrived at the table. They were hot, fresh, and VERY tasty. It would have been totally easy to just eat the whole bag, but I limited myself to three :). Definitely check this place out if you want some decently good BBQ in the Phoenix area."
"This is the best bbq I had my entire life. Whenever I go to Arizona, this will be my go to place."
"Bobby Q's is my favorite bbq restaurant to eat at! It's dimly lit, the food is amazing. The service is always great. I've never been disappointed with anything. I've had several birthday dinners here and it's always a go to spot for family meet ups. Their brisket is really good! The Mac n cheese and corn are my favorite!! And the cornbread....yum! Oh and if you like iced tea, get the sweet tea!"
"Food to DIE for!!! friendly staff, nice environment and very clean. i highly recommend this place!"
Pricey but tasty! Always a fun atmosphere and the employees rock. Our bartender was one of the best I've had!
"It is more on the pricey side, so I went with the chicken orders because they're cheaper than steak and seafood. Man, that was one DELICIOUS chicken with two sides of potato and grilled veggies. They also give a complimentary ice cream cake slice for the birthday person & yes, they do sing for them too haha. I loved this place and their service. It was very packed on a Wednesday afternoon so I highly recommend setting up a reservation like we did. We were attended right away becuse of outbreservations when other parties had to wait 25 to 30 minutes to be seated."
"Bobby Q's barbecue food is outstanding and their service is excellent. I wish there were more options and larger portions of healthy vegetables, but mainly you go there to indulge!"
"Quality Bbq spot, i had the pulled pork sandwich and it melted in my mouth. Everything was delicious, from the corn bread to my big blue van on draft. would highly recommend if you're looking for quality Bbq"
"This place did not disappoint!! Such amazing tasty Food. Too much food!! Everything was perfect. Food, Service, Cornbread, Meats, you won't be disappointed. Will definitely be back."
Thanks for your reply Mark but we did try to make a reservation but were advised that one cannot be made unless we had a party of 10 or more.
"I recently tried the new Bobby Q and I wanted to try the original.  The outside is run down and off a side road, so get your GPS out if you are not from the area.  The hostesses were a bit chatty with each other and I decided to not wait for them to finish their conversation and went to the bar area to get food.

The bartender was a splendid and excellent waiter/host for us.  Great service all the way around.  They start with decent cornbread and then you have an extensive menu to choose something.

I do not know why people say this is a $$ place as it is $$$ to $$$$ depending what you order at a minimum overall.  This place is not cheap, however, it is worth giving it a whirl.  The salads were made exactly how we wanted them.  THe chicken was really moist for being a a breast.  The red potatoes are very good and the roasted corn have fantastic flavor.

To end dinner they give you some small beignets to eat.  So tasty and  nice way to end the meal.  The newer facility near the mall in PHX is MUCH nicer inside, however the food is consistant with quality and flavor.  Great place to go, however bring your wallett  :)"
"Love BBQs. Wish take out portions were a little bigger, might be a good thing they are not though."
"Where do I start?!?

Made reservations for 5:45pm and arrived right on time and was seated promptly right at the side by side tables in front of the bar.  It wasn't too busy but there were plenty of patrons in the restaurant. 

Jared was our server and he was LEGIT!! We were welcomed by him and asked if we had ever been to a Bobby Q's to which the answer was no. He gave a quick background about the restaurant chain and how it came about. Advised their angus steaks are aged 60 days and cut in-house and their BBQ meats are smoked for 22hrs (Pretty sure those were the timeframes but I could be wrong). Went over the menu and gave the drink menu. 

Started out with the Cajun Shrimp appetizer 
-shrimp not over cooked
-sauted in butter cajun seasoning and beer
-garlic bread 
Holy crap this was soooo good!! The shrimp was ""juicy"" which is not something I would ever describe shrimp as but I'm not quite sure how else to describe it. It was DELICIOUS and not tough or chewy. I'm a sauce fanatic and I literally wanted to drink the sauce out of the dish but didn't think that was appropriate so I opted to just dip the garlic bread in the sauce 

The cornbread was dense and sweet and didn't fall apart - yummmmy

Dinner came out within 10 min, right after the shrimp was finished. I got the pick 2 meats as suggested by Jared because I couldn't decide between the beef brisket or the pulled pork - and with the pick 2 I got both!!  The pulled pork was my FAVORITE of the 2. It was fall off the fork tender and melted in my mouth. Again since I'm a sucker for good sauce I asked for more BBQ sauce to which Jared brought out both spicy and regular. The spicy wasn't too spicy at all and had just the perfect amount of ""spice"", that was my favorite of the two BBQ sauces.  I dipped my potato in the bbq sauce and even my mac and cheese it was so good I could drink it!

For my sides I had the loaded baked potato without chives and the mac and cheese. 
Baked Potato - The skin was baked with salt which is my fav!! 
I asked for a side of butter since it came with just sour cream, bacon bits and shredded cheese. It was good but just a standard baked tater and since I seem to love extra condiments I personally could have went for more sour cream and cheese but I'm not going to complain. My friend had the ranch baked beans and next time those are what I will get in place of the baked potato. 

Mac n cheese -creamy and thick. Rich in flavor but not too rich - I loved it and will def order again

Let me tell you how much I loved the music!! It included 80's pop Deniece Williams-Let's hear it for the boy, Motown; The Supremes, 80's rock; Loverboy-Turn me loose, Katrina and the Waves-Walkin on sunshine, Dusty Springfield-Son of a Preacher Man, Wild Child-Play that funky music white boy, Evelyn King-love come down, Queen and the list of awesome music goes on and on!!

Had a perfect front row view of the 76ers vs Rockets game and all. 

Christy, one of the managers came to check on us about halfway through dinner to make sure everything was great and make sure everything was acceptable 

Lots of drink choices and I couldn't choose just 1, so I got 3 :-)

Watermelon cooler with tajn rim - Strong but delicious 

Q-lada -Toasted coconut rim with some type of coconut cream and Pieces of strawberries blended 
Cannot taste any alcohol in it with the light rum and it was super delicious and refreshing 

Pineapple Passion - Served in a frozen pineapple with a dried pineapple slice and tangerine slice
Creamy and strong but delicious - similar to a pina colada

Between the busser(s) and Jared, the empty plates were cleared promptly 

Dessert, I was so full from shoveling all the delicious eats in my face but, I couldn't pass up their dessert!!  I got the banana sub zero square with warm caramel drizzle.  It's frozen banana pudding with a graham cracker walnut cinnamon bottom crust (I think that's what the crust was, that's what it tastes like). It was also very good but I could only eat a few bites and opted for a to go box to enjoy later. 

Christy came by after we finished dessert to see how everything was and even got my dessert to go box!

Never felt rushed at any point throughout dinner/drinks/dessert. 

I didn't want to leave and felt like I could hangout here all night!! But, after 2 hours I figured I better get my a$$ up so other people can enjoy this place just as much as I did!!

Just when you think it cannot get any better, our check showed up with a bag of FRESH, HOT donuts fried in peanut oil and covered in cinnamon sugar!!  OMG! I couldn't wait to eat them later even though I had ZERO space for anything else. I had to eat just 1 while it was hot and it literally MELTED in my mouth. 

Bobby Q's, you have a fan in me!! I loved every single aspect of my experience and anytime I'm back in Phoenix I WILL BE BACK!!"
Celebrated our 30th anniversary at Bobby Qs and the food was amazing and the service that we received from Tanner was 10plus!
"Under Yelp's guidelines, i'm not looking for freebies and definitely don't intend to ever return.
But I really don't understand why this place has so many five star reviews; I got stood up for my date here and decided to get take out instead, got the whole hog and had what should have been great tasting and moist BBQ. I was sadly mistaken, the ribs were all super tough and unapetizing, the brisket was dry and unflavorful, but at least the sausage and sides were good. For a BBQ joint to not have good ribs or brisket is a shame and as I stated before, I will not return."
"I'm back in Phoenix and this is my first stop for dinner. The food and service was as good as last time and this time, one of the managers stopped by our table to check in. When she noticed my partner's water was empty, she even filled it up herself! 

I don't know how I missed the cornbread in my last review though. I really really love their cornbread here, they are perfection!"
"Ribs were tender and sauce was good. The mashed potato was my favorite. The service was okay. Definitely gets busy, but our waiting time was just 5 minutes so not that bad. We don't really know how bad it would have been if we didn't make reservations through yelp, but I'm assuming not bad."
This is are favorite b-q restaurant.  Amazing burgers. Everything was delicious. We traveled from Minnesota specifically to come back here. Enjoy!
"I had a two hour layover coming from Austin, TX through PHX and onto San Francisco.  I knew I would be cutting it close, but I jumped in an Uber and hightailed it over to Bobby Q.  The I-10 shooter couldn't even stop me from getting to my barbecue beef ribs and buying chef Mark H. a drink.  I was greeted by a lovely hostess and waitress named Jessica.  I got seated at a large booth, ordered a drink, and my beef ribs.  The drink and food appeared quickly.  The Bobby Q experience is simply the best.  The whole staff is just plain awesome.  Various people came by to bus plates, ask how I was doing, and see if there was anything they could help me with.  It was a great meal with some serious cornbread and mini-doughnut dessert.  I LOVE PEOPLE FROM PHOENIX AND I LOVE COMING TO BOBBY Q!

Unfortunately, chef Mark was not there, but I did make my flight home.  Chef Mark, if you read this, ""I owe you a drink."""
Great food great service! We made Father's Day reservations and this place did not disappoint just like the first time we came!!! Delicious food well seasoned tender meat! Fresh cornbread... even the water was fresh we added lemon and cucumber. The brisket was moist and tender like I love it! My husband was in food heaven. That is a great compliment being he's a country boy! The Mac and cheese was cheesy and the corn was sweet and buttery... Everything was delicious and well prepared! Thank you for excellence! And the military discount 5Stars!
My husband told me that Bobby Q is on the top 100s for best Barbecue in the US but I say top 10 and the best in the world for Mac and cheese! The service is always top notch! I have said before I never really liked smoked food but it's so perfect here and the barbecue sauce is so good! Thanks to the chefs and wait staff for another great experience!
"This was my second time here. Last time I had the three meat combo, mac & cheese,  and beans. Oh! My! Thought it couldn't get any better. This time I went for the smoked prime rib. It was soooo good! The smokey flavor is deeelicious!!! The mac & cheese was almost as good as what I make at home! Super tasty cornbread! And the mini donuts make a perfect summation of an awesome meal. The service Nathan provided was outstanding!  If you are ever even remotely nearby, this place offers a wonderful dining experience that you will enjoy."
"Any barbecue place that brings a pitcher when you request more sauce because ""it pours better"" is tops with me! Hanna was a friendly waitress who tended to us often. And free cinnamon sugar donuts in the way out..."
Wow!!!!  Best BBQ I have ever had!!!  We went on a Monday evening... you would have thought it was a weekend for how busy this place was!  Very friendly and attentive staff!  Food and service was out of this world!
"Was craving brisket and Bobby Q delivered!  Fun atmosphere, very good moist brisket and good sides. Complimentary mini Donuts were a hit.  Appreciated the top-notch service from Travis. He was very attentive and great personality. We will return:)"
Some of the best bar b que I've had. Been there twice now and the service and food were great! We will be back soon.
"This place was amazing! From the hostess, to the servers, and the manager, AWESOME!! They accommodated our large group of 45 (baseball team and families) with fast and friendly service, separate checks and of course their famously delicious food. The atmosphere clean and pleasant, not too loud, and just right to talk and hear each other....to top off all this...fresh sugar/cinnamon mini donuts included in your meal, what??? Yes..yum yum yum!!! Thank you BobbyQ BBQ for making our baseball family(from Los Angeles) have a lovely evening...definitely a Be Backer!!"
"PROS:
FREE CORNBREAD AND DONUTS! Cornbread was fluffy and tasty... no need to add the butter! Donuts... completed the meal.

I ordered the 3 meat platter with the bbq sauce on the side. I like to taste the meat... not drenched in bbq sauce. BRISKET.... BRISKET... BRISKET! My #1 choice. 2nd... BABY BACK RIBS! Ribs slid right iff the bone, flavor was on point! Dry rub. My 3rd choice of meat under cons. 

Cons: 
My menu was sticky... soooo.... wash your hands after touching the menus!!! They should really have the person at the front wipe down the menus every time they get them back...  I could've passed on the pulled pork. The pulled pork tasted better drenched in the bbq sauce. Mac and cheese... mediocre. If you love american cheese, the mac and cheese is for you."
Old Arizona restauranteur that gets it. Very good food and beverages. The wait staff has never disappointed from the hostess to the individual waiters/waitresses
The portion sizes were big and some of the entrees taste really good but it did not lead to my expectations.
Great food and awesome service. Brodie's service was excellent. A must every time I go to Arizona.
"Not what Texans would consider smoked brisket. Tasted like it was steamed with some smoke flavor, quite bland. Sides OK, but a bit canned. You should add a couple $$ to your rating. $25 for a platter with max 8 OZ Brisket is too high. Not coming back. JD"
"Tuesday Night. Walked in at 830pm, left 945pm. From order to being served 15 min.

This place is NOT a chain. Support your local Phoenix BBQ restaurants.

One of the few places in Arizona that serves Beef Ribs. Cannot over-emphasize this point..better than Claim Jumper..not even close. Beef ribs have twice as much meat as pork ribs but are much harder to find in restaurants. 

They smoke all their meat on site and everything is super fresh. Melissa & Sawyer were fabulous and I really appreciated the 10% off for using YELP. 

The only downside is that because we sat close to the chicken rack in the back near the kitchen we wound up smelling like a campfire. However we didnt really notice this until after we left and went back to the outside. 

The cornbread starter and donut pastry ender was absolutely unexpected and refreshing. 

Beef Ribs = $22.00
12. Oz Sirloin = $12.00
2 Non Alcoholic Drinks
Total was $45.00 with 10% off..Extremely reasonable, high quality, totally full."
"5 stars all the way around. Booby Q is a great place to grab some excellent BBQ. We stopped in with no reservation and were seated on a busy holiday weekend in less than 15 minutes. The restaurant is big and lively but not obnoxiously loud. There waitress and server staff was very attentive. 

A good selection of drinks, I had The Hammer (maybe 2....) and it was a great drink to go with the food. Started with the Q Rolls for the group and everyone really liked them. Had a 2 meat plate with brisket and smoked sausage......man, amazing BBQ. 

I'll certainly be back!"
"Why oh why have I waited so long to come here on a Friday night? You get a a fabulous little mini buffet that has tri tip, nachos, shrimp, cheese, and its free? Oh and the drink prices? Two very strong drinks, $4.50 each? What? Are you kidding me? Tons of people which makes for great people watching, great food, good happy hour prices? Again why did I wait so long? Oh I will be back. That is for certain."
You are laughing like things are funny one day your establishment is going to go down  and I will be sitting right here laughing in your face like things are funny when you actually have nothing and you parish of something horrible. Its not my fault you should have a little bit more respect for people that are commenting about your establishment you should have a little bit more respect and not to think things are funny when I made a comment about your establishment . I will never come back to this place and I will be sitting here waiting for it to parish. I would give them a zero if I could I would give the manager a zero I would give employees zero this business should not even exist. Wouldn't come here I will let everyone else know don't come here
"Omg. SO. GOOD!!! Hubby and I shared the 2 meat combo (baby back ribs + brisket) and it was enough fo fill both of us up (but keep in mind we're 2 small Asians lol). 

Both meats were soooo tender and soft. The meat easily slid off the bone. Corn cakes, mashed potatoes, and mac n cheese were solid. 

Ambiance is great! Very lit outside and with all my fav country songs ;) They gave us complementary cinnamon donuts (peanut allergy warning!!!) and wetnaps which my husband used to wipe his whole face down as I watched in horror."
"Very pricey, but worth it! The food was AMAZING! At the end instead of a chocolate mint or mints they give you a little bag with cinnamon donuts! Yes, donuts!

We began with drinks at the bar and then sat for dinner at a booth. We had Q-rolls for an appetizer and it is their version of spring rolls with bbq brisket and their dipping sauce is tasty. We ordered the bbq chicken with top serloin steak and Mac-and- cheese as the side and fries. We had corn bread and everything was delicious.

I strongly recommend this place if you love bbq sauce."
First time at Bobby Q. Dylan was an amazing server for our large party. He made amazing recommendations for drinks and food. Everything tasted delicious and the meat was super tender. Highly recommend this place
"Been here several times and the food is great, however the service was not so great this last time. Made our night out for dinner less enjoyable. Seems like the waiter forgot about us, he was slow and uncommunicative, then after awhile he said our order was after a large group and the reason for the delay. Nonetheless he had said at the beginning he would bring us some cornbread to start off, which is usual but he had forgotten even that. But we did seem him quickly, promptly service and attend the table next to us, probably because he was flirting with those girls. Anyway will think twice before going back there."
"Very delicious bbq, I ordered the big platter with 4 kinds of bbq and 3 sides, brisket was the favorite and the sausage too. Very busy, but at the end good was excellent and service was vey attentive, will come back for sure next time in town."
Thank You Jason an Nate you are the best!!!! The food an the friends are awesome!!!!!!!! I will always go back!!i I really do not go anywhere else cause it feels like home here!!
Love this place but it's not cheap. Prime rib is out of this world!!! A great place for a special occasion.  Enjoy!
"Yikes. I've been going to ""Bobby Q"" since it was Bobby McGees. I love the atmosphere and their bbq these days. Ordered delivery, and let's just it was very underwhelming. $13.50 for 4 cold chicken tenders, no fries... c'mon!! The other party with me said their brisket was good, but side salads were on the soggier side. All in all, I know this is a decent restaurant but the last couple times has been less than stellar.  2stars for now..

@ Mark update. 

If that is the case, it should probably not be offered. Also, I doubt there there will be a ""till then""."
This is now one of my favorite BBQ places... Has great food and our server Dylan was alot of fun... Highly recommend a bit pricey but the food was amazing large portions and all homemade!!
"Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!!!!! Can't believe that I've never been to this place. My friend and I did NOT leave this place disappointed or hungry. The staff was friendly and greeted us at the door.  We got there on time for Lunch Hour. I had to get the sampler which gives you 3 samples of proteins and a side. I had the Baby Back Ribs, St. Louis, Brisket and a side of Cole slaw. Everything was well looked good but tasted even better. I'll tell you this much, it won't be my last time here. I'll be recommending this place to everyone."
"My parents live in Phoenix and when I come to visit, I always request to eat at Bobby Qs! It's some of the most amazing bbq i've had....and I live in Kansas City! The mac and cheese is so good and I always get the ribs. They fall off the bone and have a great smokey flavor. My boyfriend got the pulled pork and he said it was the best he's ever had! He's super picky with his pulled pork so that says A LOT! Anyways, I'm headed to Phoenix next week and I can't wait to eat here again. If you're in the area, don't miss this place!"
Found them on Grubhub and it was love at first bite!Ribs were tender and flavorful. Mac and cheese was cheesy and creamy with extra cheese baked on top. The complimentary cornbread was buttery and sweet just like I like it. No complaints with the restaurant itself but Grubhub themselves is a nightmare that I can't deal with anymore. Hopefully I get here in person soon it's seriously addicting.
"The last few times I been there everything has been great, I've never had a reason to complain. Food and the atmosphere is always good."
"The food was amazing. Sat at the bar and ordered Qrolls, 8 oz sirloin, and my guy ordered the 10 oz prime rib. I am stuffed. Literally doing this as I start to drift off into a deep sleep lol. Didn't take pictures but service and food was perfect. Can't wait to try their happy hour"
I was out there during spring training and decided to pop in for some bbq. While waiting at the bar to be seated I asked the GM Jack about the Woodford Reserve that had their name on it. He took time out of a busy Saturday night to explain and even do a complimentary tasting of all the bourbons and as a grand finale offered me a old fashioned which was amazing! After being seated Jack continued to check on my party and make sure we had everything we needed! Customer service by staff and especially the GM Jack was first rate! Can't wait for next years spring training to go get some tasty bbq and some of those old fashions!!!!
"Everything on the menu is delicious!! And server Sawyer is awesome and fun! The mac n cheese is a must, but there really isn't anything I wouldn't order there! One of my favorite restaurants by far!"
"This place is great. It's usually really busy and sometimes you have to sit outside to avoid a long wait, that's really my only complaint. The Frye's chicken, steaks, and pulled pork sandwiches are my favorites"
"I love coming here, especially this location. The atmosphere is very comfortable and casual. Food, always is fresh and tastes great. When you sit at table you get a fresh free basket of corn bread.  I usually order full rack of ribs, either St. Louis or baby back and do two sides of grilled vegetables. No need to order dessert, don't really like the options either, when you pay the bill you get a super fresh bag of mini donuts."
Great food and service. Dylan was our waiter and he was fantastic. I highly recommend Bobby Q if you are looking for real Texas-style BBQ
"This place is amazing, very great service with a touch of nice class. The food is well priced and very delicious"
This place is the best we had to wait because they're busy. But they came apologized and are giving us free desert. I always come here because they are courteous.
Good food but always super crowded. The crowds slow the wait staff down. Can not have any kind of conversation because of the noise.  Nice place but to noisy for me
"One of the best BBQ restaurants in AZ. 
The other two are located in Mesa and at the Biltmore of course they are Bobby Q  restaurants to"
"The side dishes outshined the bar b que. Reasonably priced, attentive server, nice patio."
"Best pulled pork in town. I love it as a sandwich. The corn bread is delicious as well.
There's microbrew on the tap and that's the best way to enjoy the meal."
"As far as the BBQ goes, it was very ordinary, but they had some proper platter deals and lunch specials. Plus complimentary corn bread to start off the meal! They also usually have complimentary mini doughnuts to end the meal, but unfortunately the fryer wasn't turned on before opening when we arrived and it wasn't hot enough by the time we were ready to leave... so the fact that I had declined the second helping of corn bread (which came with our platter) all so I could save room for the doughnuts was not well planned out. 

In any case, again... the BBQ was rather run-of-the-mill and perhaps some items were overcooked, but they're all about their sauce here. We ordered the *Platter Sampler* since it was a great way to try out their wares. We selected brisket, baby back ribs, and St. Louis style ribs for our meat choices and a mac as our side. Our server asked if we wanted their Original or Spicy BBQ sauces and she obliged when we requested for both. They give you relatively large vats of this sauce, so you basically are smothering everything in it. Otherwise, the baby back ribs were probably the most impressive. Good tender meat with that overcooked, fall-off-the-bone quality. The sauce on the St. Louis ribs wasn't anything I was accustomed too; a bit astringent and not exactly vinegary. The brisket was pretty boring, dry, and over cooked. Again, the sauce helped greatly to enhance its quality. 

We also sampled a bit of their lunch special for $9.95, the *BLC Sandwich* aka the bacon, lettuce, and CHICKEN. It was a very good deal and the one half we consumed was actually rather tasty; meaty and juicy chicken with a large helping of bacon, lettuce, and sauce. 

Service was fantastic and the outdoor patio was relaxing and comfortable with the cushions, although said cushioning was kind of grody and caked with spilled food. There's a lot of BBQ in Phoenix and this one is very much well-loved by the locals. Again, not real BBQ in my opinion, but you go for the ambiance... and good deals!"
"As visitors from the Los Angeles area, my family and I were very impressed! We ordered a combo that we were able to share -- top sirloin, ribs, baked potato, onion strings, mixed vegetables, and mac & cheese. Everything was grilled to perfection -- the sirloin was flavorful and tender, and the ribs were falling off the bone with amazing flavor as well. The mac & cheese was the best I've tasted anywhere, and the corn bread was moist with the perfect amount of sweetness.

All in all, it was a great experience. The ambiance is also very welcoming, with an artistic flair. We will most definitely be back if we visit the Phoenix area in the future!"
"Love this place!!!! Super yummy and great servers.corn bread is my fave, and the little donuts they give are perfectly sweet."
"Very good variety of smoked delicious bbq meats and sides. More of an upscalish type place but good service, reasonable prices and great food."
Great food but high price. The beef ribs were great was not impressed with the chicken
This place was fantastic!!! Food was delicious you can tell it's smoked authentically. The wait staff were friendly and attentive. Let not forget complimentary donut hole made to perfection
"The food was excellent! I ordered the brisket. It melts in your mouth. My son had the burger, also excellent. Even so, the best part of our meal was the FANTASTIC SERVER! Daphne was so kind and so skilled at describing menu items, we all loved her. Will definitely return. This is the best bbq I've had in Phoenix."
"This was a great find for barbecue in Phoenix. The large restaurant is tucked away in a residential neighborhood but very popular as there was a 20 minute wait at 8pm in a Monday night.

The crowd was right - best tasting ribs we have had in a long time! The meat was not greasy but fell off the bone and the sauce just the right combination or sweet and vinegar.

When you sit down they bring you complimentary hot cornbread and butter which melts in your mouth. Baked potato comes loaded with sour cream, butter, bacon, cheese and chives - it was amazing. We had the ice box banana cream pie for desert and one was big enough to share. They also bring piping hot fresh mini cinnamon sugar  donuts in a brown sack at the end of the meal.

Service was excellent too! Food was brought out very fast and piping hot. The visit by the manager after our food was served to check to see if we needed anything was a nice touch.

We cannot wait to come back - the chicken also looked fabulous!"
"The best BBQ brisket, pulled pork and roasted chicken!! It has a casual, relaxed atmosphere. We've been dining here for years!!! Our server was Sara and she is a delight!! Pleasant, attentive and knowledgeable!  If you catering for a party,  I highly suggest their food !!"
"I've been eating at this establishment for years! My first time here it was back when it was Bobby McGees. It since and been remodeled many years ago and holds it nice fun, clean atmosphere. The food has continued to be amazing. Such a well thought out menu with tons of options. A family fav for sure."
"Honestly one of the best BBQ places I've ever been. Not only was the food absolutely amazing, but the service was superb! I highly recommend anyone visiting to eat here."
The best BBQ for miles hands down. If you don't go here you're living life wrong. The meat on the baby back ribs falls off the bone and the brisket is very chewy and soft. The corn bread is also to die for - just crumbles in your mouth. Loved this place!
"I want to explain the 3 stars, loved the bbq brisket and sausage, awesome meal and great drinks, they were both a 5 star, but, the three stars is a result of poor service, appetizer came out before our drinks, that seemed a bit unusual since there was only 2 people at the bar and it was early and the house was not full. When the food came out there was a side missing on one meal, dropping down the 5 star rating, the waitress never came back to our table to check, we had to tell someone, I am assuming the manager who never introduced himself that came by our table to check our meal. We finished with an apple cobbler to go, after paying over 100.00 for the meal with poor service, we got home and decided to have dessert and the apple cobbler was about a 1 star at best. It wasn't completely cooked, apples or crust, and the crust tasted as though it was rolled on the same cutting board where the onions were cut. I really wanted to love this place, we lived in Tx for a while and love a good BBQ, but this was not worth the money or the drive, there are better out there."
Super overpriced for what it is-always wanted to try and can say I will not be returning. We had a big group tried a little of every ones dish and honestly nothing was worth $10-15/meal
"Words can not describe my totally awesome experience. We had the whole hog experience. Wow what a experience, will be back!!!"
"This was our first stop when arriving to Phoenix from Wisconsin. WOW! My husband and I both had the brisket which melts in your mouth! I cannot say enough about the amazing corn bread, selection of drinks, atmosphere, and staff. This quickly became a favorite place.  We lunched on the patio, each with a local draft beer, the lovely cool mist and waterfall along with the overgrown vines draping over the patio added to the really western feel. This is a wonderful place to dine and the food is outstanding. Well done!"
"This review has me a little torn. I ordered take out for my Mother's 89th birthday. A combo of meats by the pound, brisket and pulled pork. Pecan coleslaw and a half pan of apple cobbler. 

Ordering was a breeze over the phone and they emailed a credit card authorization form just in case I needed another family member to pick up.

Arriving the day of and most of the meal had been packed I just had to wait for the cobbler for a few minutes. Everything was packed nicely and they had wrapped the extra sauces in plastic wrap to avoid spills.

I must say the bbq was outstanding. Brisket tender and pulled pork was fantastic. Probably the best I ever had. I was a little surprised that the meats had been sauced though. Don't get me wrong their sauce is delicious but the proteins were so flavorful it didn't need any sauce.

Now the coleslaw was good but it didn't have any pecans as advertised on the menu. Another family member said they usually put the nuts in a cup to add but we didn't have any.

The cobbler. Looked picture perfect. Looked. Apples and sauce perfectly seasoned and the apples held their shape with a touch of crispness still. The crust was good along the edges but the middle was raw. Completely raw. 

Next time we will just order proteins because they truly were delicious. The sides left a lot to be desired. And when you pay $17 for coleslaw it should be perfect."
"This place was a good dinner spot. I love bbq and I found this place on yelp. I didn't find the sauce on my Baby back ribs to be anything special but the ribs were cooked pretty darn well. We also had a rib eye steak, Mac and cheese actually had real cheese in it, it was very tasty."
"Cme based upon the reviews and it lives up to its reputation.the parking lot and restaurant are huge. You can see where they regularly prepare the food. The wait staff is attentive and the food portions are large. Ended up getting brisket and beef ribs w beans, moist cornbread, steamed veggies, and potato salad. On the whole the food is a bit sweet for my taste but everything was well seasoned and delicious. I like that there was handwashing stations the booth we were eating at."
"Always good food and great service!
We enjoy the menu selection, drinks, doughnuts & desserts."
"Great hidden hole in the wall! We stumbled across this place while waiting for an oil change....best discovery in Phoenix. The outside was rustic and country which I absolutely love for bbq places but then wen u go inside its fancy! Haha which gives u the feeling that ur in for a different kind of experience. Love it. And there is an outdoor patio. The cornbread is phenomenal and they give u free cinnamon sugar donuts as a thank u, no need to order dessert! And the BBQ, great smoked wings app and the Q rolls are great. The brisket sandwich is great also. We will definitely be coming back here. The manger Ashley was very sweet and helpful around the restaurant. Brodie was our waiter and he was very personable and professional he was great. Donny (not sure of spelling) the manager was very nice and smiley which was cute. They made us feel like we can just shoot the shit. So thank you Bobby Q, we will most definitely be back. Oh yea! And weird add but their napkins are elite!"
"I very rarely leave a review for any establishment or service.  This is time I made an exception as my family and myself had an excellent experience at Bobby Q's.

The food was fantastic.  I was with a party of 8 and everyone raved about the food. 

Our server was Christopher and he was an outstanding server.  He made what was a great experience with our meal even that much better.  

We were an 8-top which I am sure can be a pain for any server especially splitting a check 3 ways but you would never know that given how professional and attentive Christopher was.  

Thank you Bobby Q's and Christopher for making a normal Sunday night dinner into a memorable one."
"I ordered 8 jumbo shrimp for $24 for lunch this is what I got, maybe we should remove the word jumbo."
"Wow!  What are best kept secret for food. Hidden away,And not easy to get to,  the food is great service is wonderful and the atmosphere is unbelievable. 

Daily specials are great. Best Ham & Bean soup ever."
"Pretty good BBQ joint. Great atmosphere and decor. Came here for lunch with the Hubs, I ordered their smoked brisket tacos with a side of roasted corn Hubs ordered their pulled pork sandwich with a side of tater salad. Both were delicious. You also get a little bag of freshly made mini donuts after your meal. Highly recommend this place."
"My girlfriend from Oregon and I had a delicious meal at Bobby Qs restaurant tonight. Initially, we had a minor situation with the menus each having different prices. The manager was very gracious and offered us the lower-priced menu.  Very professional and very friendly. 
LeeAnne was our server and she was a 10.  My girlfriend ordered a steak sandwich. The steak was grilled to perfection with a glazed caramelized sauce that brought out the steak's flavors. It was thick and juicy and so flavorful covered in grilled mushrooms served with onion rings so tasty I ordered one to go.
Their potato soup is almost a meal in itself. It is so flavorful with cheese and bacon and chopped onions and potatoes I could've eaten another bowl instead I got one to go.
Bobby Qs gives you a small bag of homemade donuts to thank you for enjoying their restaurant. Give it a try for sure. 
Second review:  treated friends today to Bobby Qs for burgers and steak sandwiches. Kyle served us and he was beyond on top of keeping us satisfied. Actually I was the one who got treated today.  Manager Taylor himself took care of a minor problem I had with my steak. He solved the issue as fast as humanly possible.  He gave me the BEST customer service ever in any restaurant I've eaten. Food so wonderful; service the same."
"The food was excellent! Definitely the best barbque I have had in a long time. The cornbread was also delicious. Highly recommend the Q-rolls for the appetizer. Christin, our server was also amazing. Making sure we both were enjoying our meal and bringing us additional barbque sauce if we needed. She did a great job of recommending what both my friend and I should have as neither of us are from the area. Would definitely recommend this place and will be sure to return anytime I am in the Phoenix area!"
"Really really good barbeque, and I'm a harsh critic.  Spending a lot of time in East Texas has me a bit of a bbq snob but this place didn't disappoint.  Good baby back ribs, good rotisserie chicken, good corn bread, and solid mash potatoes.  Also, great frozen strawberry lemonade.  Not the cheapest but I don't mind considering I was satisfied."
What a great place for a celebration. The outdoor patio is wonderful! Great service.
"We wanted barbecue on Labor Day, but not slaving over the grill to do it!  Hadn't been here for awhile, but still not disappointed one bit.  Very busy on this holiday Monday, so we sat at the bar.  Jenelle, our bartender, was amazing.  She immediately put the baseball game on for us, got our drinks, had our appetizer come out quickly and took our order right away!  Not the usual at most bar tops in restaurants.  Hubby had catfish po'boy, he really enjoyed it, and I got a half side of baby back ribs.  The ribs were perfect.  We also got the ""sweet onion block.""  Oh, that is GOOOOD!  If you like onion strings, be sure to get it.  I had a loaded baked potato and roasted corn.  Husband loved his side of potato salad, plus helped me with my plate.  We came away with enough leftovers for two more meals.  Oh, and the hot donuts after the meal!!  YUM!  It was an excellent lunch!"
Once again last night the service was impeccable and the food delicious. I love bringing out of town guests here but then they're just sad because they can't get food this good at home! By far my favorite place to dine in Phoenix.
"I came to this bbq place while staying in Arizona. I got the whole Hog which fed my group of 4. The food was delicious and Our server, Janelle, was really nice. Will come back when I am back in town."
GrubHub was suppose to deliver my food from Bobby Q but was very late picking up.  The restaurant was nice enough to call me back after they finally arrived and I told them I had gone to a hotel.  They then had the food rerouted to the hotel.  The GrubHub driver took half the food and only delivered the side dishes.  We both complained to GrubHub and they got the money refunded.  On their own dime and time Bobby Q sent one of their people back to my hotel to replace all the food that was not delivered.  They did not have to do this and I never asked but they did it out of kindness and feeling bad for me.  They also put in a few extra side dishes and desserts. The food was amazing as I expected but this type of customer service is very rare.  You all made me a fan for life.
"The service here is amazing. Dylan is by far the best server. He had some good recommendations and suggestions. Probably the best bbq pace I have ever went to. This place is better than Phil's bbq. 

Thank you Dylan for the experience"
I heard about that being a good weekend hang out spot but came on a Thursday night and there was a $15 cover so I skipped it. That's steep just to go in for a drink.
This place is always amazing every time me and my fianc and family visit . Me and my fianc like to come here a lot because the food is always so good and the donuts they give you at the end are just mouth watering . I recommend getting their Q-Rolls because they're just the best lol! They have a great selection when it comes to their menu and they have just the perfect servings when it comes to sharing ! Keep up the amazing work Bobby Qs ! I'll visit you soon
Always a fav in the valley.  Come hungry- leave with plenty of left overs and enjoy the staff who absolutely cares what your experience was!
Whackkk! Don't waste your time or money! They racist! The lounge is worthless too! $15 to get in and it's not even popping. Go to Scottsdale or Westgate. AVOID AT ALLLLL COST
"Love this barbecue restaurant! The baby back ribs are fantastic. I ordered the full rack ad did my husband so we have plenty of leftovers to take home. You have a choice of 2 sides mine were a baked potato and beans. Husband choose Mac n cheese and beans. The beans are very flavorful with barbecue meat pieces cooked with them. Baked potato was cooked correctly with your choice of toppings. Husband loved the Mac n cheese. 
Our server was awesome sorry I forgot his name but he was funny checked up on us periodically and left us to go boxes once he saw we were slowing down. 
Dessert time keep in mind they bring a paper bag filled with small sugar cake donuts with your check. These hot tasty donuts are the best send off and are on the house!"
"I love the lunch avocado brisket salad. Although last time I was there I didn't see it on the menu, maybe its a seasonal thing, Hope they bring it back soon."
"I came here with my girlfriend and brother for dinner. The atmosphere was great and the food was excellent. Our server, Sarina, was top notch. I highly recommend Bobby Q's. Try the mac n cheese and q rolls!"
Good atmosphere and food and they have a club at night which is perfect for a date night
Food was soooooo good !! Definitely recommend it and also the server was nice!! We didn't had to wait so long. I loved the donuts they were giving to delicious . Definitely coming back
Great service best bar b que. Came all the way from California to celebrate Father's Day. Colton was great very nice and attentive
"Really the only thing I can say was it was fine. Not sure how they claim to be top 100 in the country or top 30 for bbq. They only have one bbq sauce - I always prefer to choose my own. Only offer one vegetable - a rotating selection - thankfully I like broccolini which was yesterday's option. There were no wet wipes to be found (or offered) even though we ordered ribs which get messy!! Lastly, this isn't necessarily a reflection of the restaurant as a whole, but our waiter would not shut up! He came by our table like every ten minutes and lingered asking us questions about where we are from and how nice the weather is. I'm all for friendly staff but I'm here to have a nice dinner with someone - not you!"
Went here for the second time. It is still the best barbecue I've had. We got the q-rolls they were very good. I got the St. Louis ribs with Mac and cheese with fries. They were really good. The service was great and the food came out quick.
"Love their ribs, brisket and corn cakes. Melts in your mouth. Can't wait to go back. oh, lets not forget the hot lil donuts. Thank you to Bailey for taking good care of us. We come to Bobby while in Scottsdale for vacation. Wish e lived close by. See you next time."
"At first I loved the place, the atmosphere was great and we had a great waitress.. Then my girlfriend and I sat there for over an hour waiting for our food and watched all the people around us who came after us get their food, finish eating and leave before we had even gotten our food... We started to get pretty annoyed and upset but then once our food FINALLY came out the Manager (I'm assuming) (Johnny I believe was his name) brought out our food and told us everything was on him because of the wait and the cooks had somehow lost our ticket and they apologized. So we thanked him and started eating thinking our food was gonna be covered and we were gonna still pay for our drinks. When we finished eating they brought us a box to take our food and thanked us for coming with no bill at all so they completely covered our whole bill. So we thanked our waitress left her a tip and left actually satisfied even though we were there much longer than we had hoped. The food tasted great the ribs and the mac and cheese and the cornbread and the apps were all great. The cocktails were strong but tasted good. I would definitely recommend this place and ""Johnny"" managed to turn my 1 star review to a 5."
"Was visiting Scottsdale/Phoenix area from Cali and was looking for a bite to eat with our lil baby and wife. Can't ever go wrong with yelp. We yelped restaurants to see what would catch our eye and Bobby Q's it was. Going solely based on the reviews the place had,we decided to give it a shot. We were super happy with our choice. Smokehouse Burger was delicious and the Q rolls were something out of this world with chipotle dipping sauce. So much on the menu, so little time. Definitely will be back and if your reading this...please try the Q rolls if you enjoy brisket. You'll be happy you did"
"Back again. Tonight I had the country fried chicken stEak. It was great.  Must try. 



1st time here. Recommended by a friend.  This place is awesome. Great atmosphere & service is good.  Food is amazing. The orange blossom beer is great. Complimentary corn bread and butter cones out hot.  Q-rolls -  brisket stuffed egg rolls are amazing. For the entree I ordered the 2 meat combo with sausage and pulled pork. Baked potato loaded and ranch beans on the side.  Delicious!   The food is outstanding here.   5 stars. If your in Phoenix you have to st

Back again"
This is wonderful BBQ! They give you donuts at the end -- yummm - but you can take them home if you're too full.
"Dank food, good service, love the dessert! Can't wait to come back. Outside seating was grwat"
"Bobby Q is the most extraordinary place I've eaten at the moment. Food smells great, it's clean, employees are polite, and waiting to be seated is worth it. Bathrooms smell delightful they are also very clean and look presentable. Food taste how it looks which is quite exquisite. 

I got the grilled salmon which comes with two sides 
I ordered the mash potatoes, and corn.

Salmon was certainly not what I expected but even better it was cooked to perfection, tasted amazing, and the glazing was done perfectly it was indeed favorable.

The Mash potatoes were Extremely wonderful it melts in your mouth with quite the flavor. They were placed neatly on my plate didn't expected it to be that delightful.

The corn was a good as well but very oily, which I didn't mind because it's was filled with such flavor that make your palette want more."
"They don't need another 5 star review, but we are so appreciative for the attentive staff I couldn't help it! They are wonderful, and truly go above and beyond to make sure your experience with them is phenomenal! We've been coming here for 20 years, and the food and staff is amazing. We tried the online time reservation for the first time, and things didn't go as planned, but again, the manager was very accommodating.  

We love the meat combo, and usually get brisket and pulled bbq chicken, but the ribs are amazing too! The Mac and cheese is soo gooey and yummy- try it with some spicy bbq on top! And their mashed potatoes- I can still remember them from the first time we came, and they are even more delicious now."
Best brisket in town.  Garrett our waiter was one of the best waiters I have ever had.  He was very attentive and friendly.  The food came out quickly and was delicious!
Very generous portions. I'm not usually a huge fan of BBQ but I really enjoyed the food. Don't forget to get the doughnuts when you leave!!
The service was fantastic. The food was great. The pulled pork was awesome and the mashed potatoes great. My kids got the barbecue chicken and they both loved it. Will definitely go back for more
"If you've craving barbecue this is the place for you.  We were seated quickly and our hostess was very friendly and attentive. The place is perfect for groups or individuals, the seating is huge. It also had a good sized bar and outdoor seating with a small waterfall. 

I ordered the cucumber cooler and though the flavor was delicious and refreshing I couldn't taste the alcohol. Could've used more Vodka. For my meal I had the beef brisket sandwich and although our waiter asked if I needed more BBQ sauce I initially said no.  Biting into it I definitely needed it so if you're asked just say YES TO THE SAUCE.   It's so good and more is better anyway. The corn muffin before the meal is so good. 

This place was recommended to me by an elderly man I was sitting next to on a flight home. When we got to talking what are plans were in Phoenix upon landing he raved about this place and he was headed here with his wife for dinner.  It was enough info to put it on my to do list and you needed to also. GO!  Get the brisket, or anything on the menu you won't regret."
The Q rolls are 100% to die for!!! This is by far my favorite barbecue place. The complimentary cornbread at the beginning of the meal and the mini donuts at the end are such a great touch. The filet mignon is always cooked perfectly and the mud pie is also so good. This will always be my first recommendation for amazing bbq!
Good food but expect to spend some $$.  2 of us dined during the Early Bird time zone (3 until 5:30pm) when the filet mignon with one side is $12 (vs. $34.95?). When the bill arrived it was just over $80 because the waitress didn't put the order through with Early Bird pricing (even though when we checked in at 5:17pm I stated we were there for the Early Bird program and was told in the past that as long as you are seated by 5:30pm you qualify for the special prices. Thankfully the manager straightened this out and adjusted the bill but the moral is you can enjoy a delicious dinner at a reasonable price if you get there early enough (and I believe Early Bird dining is only available on weekdays).  I've not been impressed with their limited and not exactly appealing appetizer specials at Happy Hour...just my personal opinion.
"Wow what a great experience we had here! I'm not usually very impressed by BBQ, but this was awesome. The food was great- we split the 3 meat option with pork, brisket (we asked for it chopped), and sausage with asparagus, Mac and cheese, and Brussels. The meats were so tender and the sauce made it even better. Our server Devin was so kind and helpful. And then the complimentary homemade donuts! A pleasant surprise! 10/10 will definitely go again."
"Great meal!  Excellent service, Blake is a fantastic server!  We really enjoyed our family Christmas Eve Eve dinner!"
"I was passing through Phoenix after being on the road all morning and looking up yelp for ""best places to eat"" Bobby Q came up way up there on top. I made a reservation through yelp, but it was honestly not really necessary as it wasn't that busy being a Monday afternoon and all. 

We were promptly seated by the manager and our server came by soon after. The table was a bit wobbly and our server went off to find something to stuff underneath one of the legs to make it more stable. It was still wobbly but A for effort I guess haha.

The brisket is hands down the best I've ever eaten. I've never had a brisket so moist and juicy in my life. If I could turn back time I would have just exclusively ordered a whole tray of it. The BBQ slathered ribs were good, but I'm not a fan of sweet foods. The saving grace is that all the meats were perfectly cooked with the meat sliding right off the bone.

If I ever pass through Phoenix again I'll for sure be coming back here."
"This is probably best barbecue I've ever had. The corn bread is amazing. I got the St. Louis ribs, they wee fall of the bone. I got the Mac and cheese as a side. Every thing was great.  All the people working there were very friendly."
"I have wanted to try Bobby Q for years and finally had the opportunity with some friends. It's a really good place for BBQ!

I made a reservation (they get an extra shout out for being on Open Table) and it's a good thing I did. 6:15 on a Wednesday and the place was packed and many people waiting to be seated. We were promptly seated thanks to my reservation. 

Our server came by to take our drink order and asked if we wanted any appetizers. Knowing what we would most likely be in for food wise, we skipped the appetizers and went right to dinner. 

To drink I ordered sweet iced tea. $2.00 I love this stuff and order it wherever, whenever I can!  

Though we skipped the appetizers, we did order salads which were really great, $5.50. Ranch house salad, my favorite type anywhere. Crisp lettuce, cheese, tomato, red onion and ranch dressing. Simple and delicious! 

My friends split the Whole Hog Heaven platter. They could choose two kinds of ribs, two meats and three sides. They ended up ordering double ribs and double brisket. There was so much food that four people could have easily split it. $48.00

Being a prime rib fan, I had to go for it. I ordered the smoked 10oz slab $26.00. It was outstanding! I was a little afraid the smoked flavor would overpower the meat...Not at all. It was just right. My entree came with two sides so I had mac and cheese and potato salad. Both outstanding! 

Dessert was tempting as mud pie was available which I would normally go for. There just wasn't room after all that food! We did however receive a complimentary bag of mini doughnuts. Served hot and dusted with cinnamon and sugar. Delicious and just right. You can take those home if you want. 

Everything about our evening at Bobby Q was outstanding. We were taken very good care of by our server and management checked on us a couple of times. Special shout out to one of the managers on duty Donnie. He was very friendly and went above and beyond to make sure we were enjoying our evening. Nice touch! 

Be sure to try Bobby Q! It won't disappoint! Look for the Mesa location opening soon! 

Enjoy!"
"Took my GF there for Valentine's Day. The decor was fantastic, the waitress was very attentive, and the food was absolutely delicious. We will definitely be back!"
"This was the first barbecue place we tried after moving to PHX and were pleasantly surprised. The ribs were super tender, the pulled pork was juicy and the filet steak was cooked perfectly.  Homemade cinnamon sugar donuts are complementary at the end of the meal. We had great service and the lunch crowd was busy but not packed on a Saturday. All in all a good experience."
Got to be honest I love this place at night !! It is so much fun Latin and Trap music on two sides! Great drinks and even better people love it so much . I recommend if you like rap music if you like to salsa dance and if you live in Central Phoenix and don't mind going closer to the 51 this is the place to go to. Also they have bomb tacos at night like no complaints you are going to love it especially after dancing so a recommendation from lucky for sure checkout bobby q for The nightlife and I can't even speak on the daytime food because I strictly have only been there to dance
"Best bbq ever. I take everyone I know to this little gem. I live in Phoenix and drive the hour and a half, totally worth it. Very casual, cozy, patio. And you can explore Jerome after you eat. Best afternoon trip!"
"Looking for some BBQ in Phoenix? You have to check out Bobby Q's! From the moment we arrived the staff was welcoming and attentive throughout our entire dinner. Our server was in training and had a trainer shadowing her. We would not have known it was one of her first days, with how professional she was and how well she knew the menu too. 

The restaurant is rather large and would be a perfect place to host large group gatherings. We dined outside on their beautiful patio. 

Now on to the food, I highly recommend coming hungry. I don't think they know what small portions are here. My colleagues and I ordered the texas toast as an appetizer to start and it was delicious. We then ordered our meals and I ordered the shrimp entree that comes with two sides. I choose the mac and cheese as the server had highlight recommend it. I also ordered the mashed potatoes. While the mac and cheese was nothing special the shrimp was amazing and the mashed potatoes were pretty good too. My colleagues ordered the meat sampler and had a ton of food for two people. With the large portion size you really get a bang for your buck. 

At the end of your meal before you leave they offer a surprise mini donuts in a bag. Such a fun way to end the dining experience and what a nice surprise! These were rather tasty too! 

Tip... if you check in on Yelp you get a 10% off deal."
"Seriously the BEST Baby Back Ribs I have ever had. I'm not joking. Tender, flavorful, fall off the bone, perfect amount of flavor and sauce.  Delicious.  The owner stopped by our table and ask if everything was fine. He was hustling. They really take the time to make sure everyone's meal was delicious and everyone is having a good time."
"One of the few places in Phoenix where we enjoy eating out. They have consistent good service and good food at a reasonable price. What's not  to like?

A restaurant owner that did not get my vote wrote me... you have a pattern of writing bad reviews... well, I've got to be honest. Rare are the places where customers are respected nowadays. Bobby Q is such a place. His was not.

PS: while my husband never gets tired of the ribs, I am not that much of a meat eater but their salads are fresh and delicious."
"A group of us visited Arizona over the weekend and this was the only spot in my bookmarks we got to try :( we made reservations for a Sunday at 7pm and when we all sat down the football game was just near ending. The energy was fun and loud- everything you expect from a bbq spot. My bf and I shared the whole hog deal ($56) based on reviews .. since I was the one who recommended this place, I recommended this deal for everyone (in pairs) and boy, we had full plates by the time we were all stuffed. In my opinion, this is a 3-4 people to share deal for the average person. Reviews said 2-3 but I would disagree. Nonetheless, we took home a bunch of leftovers and then forgot all of it in the fridge when we drove back to Cali. So those few ribs, brisket, and sides were all that I would get to experience and I can truthfully say, I am devastated. It was so yummy and the sides all made me happy. The price would have been great if we could have shared so that was our fault for over ordering and then forgetting it all. 

Our waiter Johan was great. We have no complaints and he was really friendly and gave us the best tiny cinnamon donuts I've ever tasted and a few extra to go.. still dreaming about these :( would recommend to all my friends visiting Arizona!"
"Wowzers!!  I'm in town for business and after traveling all day I was starving.  I stopped in and enjoyed the cornbread, St. Louis ribs and brisket.  Before I head back east I'll try to stop in again. Great staff and atmosphere too."
"We love this place. 

Get the baby back ribs, corn and macaroni and cheese!

Pulled pork chicken is also delicious!

Love the cornbread and donuts at the end. Go her often, never had any issues"
"What a GREAT experience. Food was just perfect. What made the evening and the experience was the SERVICE. We haven't had restaurant service this good in a LONG, LONG time! 

Our server BRYCE was awesome. A wonderful evening thanks to him. 

PS - management at Bobby Q - keep him around and find more like him.

We will be back regularly.
Thanks for a great evening."
"Love this place! Server was amazing! Server was attentive, courteous and super friendly every time I went to Bobby q. Food is always great!! Parking is okay. The food is what I love the most about this place!"
"If God were to resurrect, this would be the first place he would dine at. By far the best ribs I have ever tasted in my life. My girl and I got the $30 2 rib combo with 2 sides and a couple of beers. Highly recommend the St. Louis style ribs + baby back ribs and an orange blossom wheat beer. All of the flavors(Smokey, sweet, salted) complimented each other so well. They also give you free mini donuts for dessert which is a bonus!"
"Excellent food, excellent service. Went for lunch and had no issues getting in. I hear dinner is busy. Someday I'll go back during the prime rib time to have that."
"Went here while in town not too long ago... came on a weekend for lunch around 12:30pm. It was lively, but not too busy. However, by the time we left there was a line of customers waiting to be seated. 

From beginning to end, the service was great.. our drinks were always kept filled, we were checked on routinely, and our orders were ready in a timely manner..

Omg the food is soooo good. We opted for their feast type meal... we got baby back ribs, chicken, and brisket with Mac&cheese, coleslaw, and corn.. we also got broccolini and of course their cornbread.... 

The cornbread was a bit crumbly, but otherwise super warm and moist.. so delicious with butter and a little bit of honey. The sides were all flavorful and still simple, which I love.. the brisket was juicy and so tender you can cut it easily with a fork.. the baby back ribs fell off the bone.. and the chicken was delicious but definitely not the star.. 

For dessert, we shared a mud pie which would satisfy any chocolate/cookie lover.. and to top things off, our bill came with a small bag of fresh made mini donuts.. mind blown. 

My family and I really enjoyed our experience here and wish I didn't live so far!"
I'm from the south so I have some pretty high expectations when it comes to bbq! The pulled pork was fatty and the ribs weren't tender at all. My husband had the chicken which was raw inside. The best part of the meal was the free corn bread and donuts. I personally won't be returning. The prices were way to high considering the quality of the foods
Good BBQ place.  Everything we tried (shared several entrees) was tasty.  Meat was tender and well seasoned.  Have had better side dishes.  Gender neutral restrooms not a selling point for me.
"Holy moly me oh my! Bobby Q you're the apple of MY eye! Okay now I need to make this clear, I am the brisket KING. I know brisket like I know my hometown of Gila Bend, which is like the back of my hand. This brisket did something to me. It was tender and juicy, in all the right places. And on top of the lovely taste I didn't get the meat sweats the next day! (Which for me is nearly impossible) My server, Austin K, from Australia, was excellent. On top of his stuff. He recommended the Brisket platter with a double side of potato salad and holy frickin cow...YUM. He sat and talked for a good bit, telling about the brave menu additions that the company is planning. Baba Ganoush??? At a BBQ joint??? I'm LISTENING!!! 
Bobby Q I WILL be back :D"
Been here a few times and have never had a bad experience.  Food is delicious and service is great.  We always take our relatives visiting from out of town to this spot when they want BBQ.  It is a little pricy but the portions are worth it.
"We love Bobby Qs. Samantha did a Amazing jobs serving us tonight! The food is always fast, and great tasting.  The portions are big. We have never had a bad tasting meal here. One of my favorites is the Jumbo BBQ potato."
"What a fantastic discovery! We had heard good things and decided to make a trip down from Peoria to check it out. The building itself was very cool, if it wasn't 107 we might have sat outside. Service was great- Travis was our waiter and he took care of us like family. The food- amazing. Recommend the onion block to share as it's fairly large. The Brisket was delicious and the baby back ribs fell off the bone. Sides also a plus- roasted corn and mashed potatoes yum. We will definitely be making multiple return visits."
Convenient as it is nearby stumbled upon this place last week .the food was good here and will surely come back to try some more bites
Best ever! The food is always outstanding! The atmosphere fantastic!! We love Bobby Q's so much that we decided to have them cater our wedding. BEST IDEA EVER. Love it there and will forever be a customer!
"Best food in the valley with the best service. Yea you heard that right ladies and gents. This place has easily the best food in the valley. Not just BBQ. But everything. Their steaks, seafood, and BBQ is all top notch. The service is perfect every single time. There is no place I would rather go to for a special occasion or just a nice meal."
"Don't leave Phoenix without trying Bobby Q's.  The service was excellent, nice atmosphere and the food was delicious.  Our table tried the baby back ribs, St. Louis style ribs, brisket and pulled pork which were all wonderful.  Great side choices available and the portions are several meals.  Bring your appetite.  http://www.bobbyq.net/  Check out the menu on-line.  There are plenty of great choices for the non-BBQ folks."
"The bbq was excellent, I suggest getting the 2 Meat Combo to see what the place is all about. Plenty of parking. Good place for family or date night, good cocktails. Basically enough said."
"I cannot tell you enough of the joy it is to visit Bobby Q. This neighborhood joint does BBQ with the finesse of great chefs and the hospitality of a mom! One of my favorite things there is the Broccolini. (You thought I was gonna say the ribs? Well, the ribs are OUT OF THIS WORLD) but the broccolini is just as fantastic! Steamed and then finished on a mesquite plank, the broccolini is a side dish that you mustn't sleep on! Don't believe me? Go and see for yourself! If I could give more than 5 stars, I would. For more details on Bobby Q and other gems, visit my food blog at : sallyeatsherfeelings.com !"
It was ok. The entrees were good but the side dishes were not so good according to our party of 6 people. We had a 10 percent coupon for checking in early and the waitress didn't take it off so we were disappointed   It was a birthday party for our son and we had guests so we didn't want to make a scene about the bill. The bill was  around $240 so it would have been a decent discount
This is a place to get great barbecue in the Phoenix area. Have been coming to this place when ever I n
"Love that BBQ

Had an excellent meal at Bobby Q's, ordered the platter with pulled chicken, brisket and ribs. The  chicken and brisket were moist, tender, and flavorful and the ribs were fall of the bone delicious.

The service is great and the staff is helpful and accomdating."
My first time and I had a great a time. Our waiter Garrett was very helpful and very professional. The food was great and the dining area was filled with families having a good time. I love restaurants that have a great family vibe.
"Looking for some great food, this is definitely a top 5 place in the valley! From the prices, to the variety of dishes, and ultimately the customer service Bobby Q's is the place to be. When you have family in town, or need a night out with friends, give Bobby Q's a shot. I would recommend the Catfish PoBoy is a long time favorite, and the Ribs are going to be the best you have ever tried! Definitely going to be one of your favorite places to eat!!!"
"Absolutely love this restaurant. I know I can always count on them to have delicious food & wonderful customer service. I entertain business clients often & know this will be a good fit for business lunches. Because the food and service are consistently good & they have not let me down yet. 

FYI - the brisket sandwich & loaded mashed potatoes are a home run every time!"
"I have been looking for a really good bbq restaurant. I heard great things about Bobby Q so I was excited to go. It was a nice night, so we chose to sit outside. BIG mistake. They have an old water feature that attracted a mass amount of flies. Although the food was probably good. We could not enjoy or even taste the food over the amount of flies. We couldn't wait to be done eating. We kept napkins over our drinks and plate so we didn't end up drinking or eating a fly. It was not an enjoyable experience at all. And although we were constantly fending off flies and voiced our concerns, neither the waitress nor the manager offered to move our seats. It was a horrible experience and we did not finish our food nor did we want to take it home. I'd like to try it again but am now a little nervous."
"Wow , what a lovely surprise .  On  New Years Night  my husband suddenly  decides we are going out to eat, super. But low and behold everywhere we want to go to are closed for New Years Day. Bummer  .
( how can you enjoy Glendale Glitters without food?)   

So at the last minute I  remember Bobby Q's  hmm wonder if they are open .. yes and and thank you ! 

We begin smelling wonderful things in the parking lot. We are quickly seated and have the sweetest server. 

Meal starts with our cornbread which was moist , sweet and tasty, served in a flat style not a muffin not a loaf...hmmm. But good. 

Our daughter ends up with chicken strips ( very plentiful ) and macaroni and cheese--which my husband finished off and adored. Her meal was only 4.99  a steal! 

Hubby and I shared a three meat combo meal with awesome ribs, brisket and pulled pork . We opted for the spicy BBQ sauce which we both liked.   Our sides were a yummy coleslaw with pecans and roasted corn that they shave off the cob and saute after roasting wow. 

Between the food , excellent service ( thanks Cassie?, Charise?
  aaww  I  can't remember )  and peaceful ambiance , we really enjoyed our meal. We will be back."
"Addictive BBQ. Whenever I visit Phoenix  (short visits) I try not to miss eating at Bobby Q, sometimes every day.  All is excellent but my favorites are the baby back ribs and the beef brisket - smokiness and tenderness from heaven and excellent bbq sauce."
"My grandson found this wonderful place three years ago and we eat here on every trip. Tonight we took friends who live in Phoenix and hadn't been here. The food and service was their normal excellent... more than you can eat but are loath to leave behind. 

Tonight we had a glitch in service that was promptly remedied by server and staff immediately upon discovery. It is perhaps the classiest thing about the staff. With food this good they could probably hire jerks for less and get away with it but apparently they don't. Everyone we met in the place was uniformly friendly, competent and welcoming. 

Order QRolls as soon as the waiter comes. They may limit your appetite and you don't want to miss them."
"What a great find, we were looking for a close eatery and found this gem.. Our server Blake M was great, he was very helpful and made lots of great suggestions.  One of his suggestions was Miss McGee's Mud Pie.  If you like ice cream, oreo and peanut butter, I recommend it! 

Great ambiance too, if you're in the area I recommend stopping by and checking this place out!"
A great place for BBQ. The ribs had a nice subtle smoky flavor and fell off the bone. The brisket was very tender as was the pulled pork. Mac n cheese was very cheesy and creamy. My roasted vegetables needed to cook a little longer but were tasty. Service was excellent and food came out quickly. Large portions as we took food home. We will definitely be back next time we are in Phoenix.
"First of all, although we were a very large party I still expect good service and we did not receive it.   We had a reservation so they should have planned for the number of servers needed.    Started off with very slow and inconsistent drink orders.    Cocktails were served in waves and not even in the order ordered, incorrect cocktails brought to the table.   Not a good start to dinner.    I thought I was settled on the brisket since the reviews raved about it.  Decided to try the prime rib instead and just taste the brisket off someone's plate.  After waiting about 45 minutes for our order, half of the table was completely finished with dinner by the time the other half received their food.   Both the prime rib and the brisket were both rather disappointing.     The best thing served was the free corn bread."
"Great spot & great food, dined for lunch late Feb during weekend trip.  First off, the place is enchanting!  We sat outside for lunch and I dunno where they come from but there are lovely little sparrows that surround the outside seating area.  You wouldn't believe that this place is located next to highway!   Of course, food is awesome.  And so are the cocktails!!  I've found that service in AZ in general is superb; however, our server J was so personable and sweet, it was joy just chatting with her!!  (FYI, intentionally not calling her out to give some protection just in case lol)."
"Drove by the restaurant on the way to our hotel & decided to check it out for dinner later.  We were not disappointed!  First of all, the staff interaction was spot on - friendly, smiling & focused on customer service - everyone seems to be on the same page.  The food was exceptional - tender, tasty meat, not over sauced (they offer extra sauce on the side) & the sides were delicious.  The cornbread was the best we've ever had.  Didn't read any yelp reviews prior to our visit, so the donuts 'to go' after the meal were 'over the top' - warm, soft, melt-in-your-mouth morsels.  Highly recommend."
"Our first time eating at Bobby Q's... Portions are very generous, the service was great... I recommend this place to everyone."
"I found this place while trying to look for a BBQ place near our room that we stayed at, any boy was this a find. 

The lady who helped me was really nice and helpful. I ordered for take out and ordered the QRolls a 3 meat combo of: baby back ribs (so tender it literally falls right off the bone), brisket (so tender,  it melts in your mouth), and the spicy sausage (not spicy at all but really flavorful), a side of mac n cheese, and steak cut fries * both are so good. 

Cornbread was amazing and to top it off she gave me donuts which are to die for.  No wonder the couple in front of me was joking for 3 or 4 dozen,  and I know they weren't kidding. 

Highly recommend it- next time I come back I want to try the apple cobbler, death by chocolate,  and rotisserie chicken.  

I wish I took pictures of the food but once we opened everything up,  it was devoured within an instant."
"I drove all the way from Los Angeles to see a concert at Ak Chin Pavilion yesterday, but I had to scan Phoenix to find a special restaurant to try since it's not every day I will be in the area. Needless to say, I found what I was looking for and it exceeded every expectation.

First off, the atmosphere is very much like a roadhouse and I dig the individual lamps over each table. Sharli, my waitress, was very friendly, talkative and attentive to both me and my friend. She answered every question of mine with a lot of detail and built up the food even more, because I wasn't already hyped up enough. 

Now for the food! Let me begin by saying how amazing the cornbread was. With it's slightly crusty outside, mildly crumbly yet soft center and buttery melt in your mouth flavor I can honestly say it was as close to perfect as you can get. I ordered the 3 meat combo with brisket, baby back ribs, smoked sausage, mac n cheese, baked beans and an additional side of hickory smoked mesquite veggies. Every single bite of this meal was heavenly. The brisket was like butter. It was so tender and full of flavor. The ribs were cooked to perfection. I could not even pull out a bone with any real amount of meat on it. The bones just slid out and the flavor put me on cloud nine. The sausage was very smoky and just bursting with flavor. It had that nice snap when you bite into it. Assuring you that this sausage is the real deal. The baked beans were very flavorful and the little tidbits of brisket inside just amplified the falvor even more. The mesquite veggies made me want all of my veggies prepared like this. My vegan sister would go nuts for these! Last, but most certainly not least, the mac n cheese would satisfy any king or god on any planet and in any galaxy. The cheesiness and creaminess balance was absolutely on point and it blew every other mac n cheese I have ever had out of the water.

Needless to say, this was one of the best meals I have ever had. Every single 5 star review is justified. If you love bbq, or just amazing food in general, you owe it to yourself to come here if you are anywhere near Phoenix. 

One last thing, they give you free mini donuts with your check! They, like everything else I ate, were super yummy!"
Very good food and it use to be a night club on certain days of the week. Overall still a favorite
"Came here with some friends on a Friday evening and was told our wait would be around 40 minutes. Turns out we only waited 20 minutes!

The atmosphere inside was very nice, dim, loud, great for hanging out with friends or date night. The decor was very cool as well. Turns out on the other side of the restaurant you have a lounge area where it's blasting with music. Such a big restaurant!!

Our waitress was super nice, gave us some delicious cornbread first thing, and then gave us more. My boyfriend and I shared the two meat combo, with brisket and roasted chicken, and we chose mashed potatoes and mac and cheese for our two sides. It was delicious.

**^ this was written a while back and I never finished writing it. I've been back since and the food is still delicious! Tried the pulled pork quesadilla (YUM!) and southern fried chicken! Both were very delicious. Our server this time seemed new but he still tried his best to take care of us."
"I only tried it from Catering on Christmas banquets at work even my friends told You'll love it check it out........well , Wow ! great experience for my first time there. Got me the Whole Hog Heaven platter. Briskets very tender and soft, the Chicken we loved that Mesquite flavor in the background, the Ribs ( babyback & beef ) oh my just fell off from the bone. My wife and girls just loved the Mac & Cheese so cheesy and creamy, Oh ! and the Corn Bread superb. Our waiter ( BRYCE ) very good ! took the time to explain , got some other flavored BBQ's and Very attentive.... over All very nice place to come and dine with my Family love the atmosphere not to loud but not too dead.. Last words I recommend it and we will be back !! thanks BOBBY Q for a the great experience."
We piked up food for lunch last year and were impressed!  We went back for takeout on Mother's Day and could not have been happier.  The brisket is the best I ever had and the pulled pork was terrific. Love this place
"Came here time and time again, and every time I am blown away by the customer service, quality/quantity of food, and atmosphere. I've never not had a reservation when coming but every time our server goes above and beyond. He/she ALWAYS refills our drinks 3-4 times, asks how our meal is, asks if we need anything else, and is just all together accommodating and proactive. Never have I had a bad experience here and I'm so glad! I shared the huge hog dinner (forgot the exact name) and wow. I've gone to several bbq places in Arizona, Texas, and California, and this is on the top of my list. Their meat is never dry or chewy, the chicken/ribs fall off the bone and are so flavorful, and the sides you can't go wrong with. Bobby q's is the perfect place to take a date, friends, or your family. They never disappoint, which is why I always come back."
We went for a birthday and oh my what a great time. Our waiter was excellent. Food was delicious and plentiful. I could not ask for a better time.
"My girlfriend from Oregon and I had a delicious meal at Bobby Qs restaurant tonight. Initially, we had a minor situation with the menus each having different prices. The manager was very gracious and offered us the lower-priced menu.  Very professional and very friendly. 
LeeAnne was our server and she was a 10.  My girlfriend ordered a steak sandwich. The steak was grilled to perfection with a glazed caramelized sauce that brought out the steak's flavors. It was thick and juicy and so flavorful covered in grilled mushrooms served with onion rings so tasty I ordered one to go.
Their potato soup is almost a meal in itself. It is so flavorful with cheese and bacon and chopped onions and potatoes I could've eaten another bowl instead I got one to go.
Bobby Qs gives you a small bag of homemade donuts to thank you for enjoying their restaurant. Give it a try for sure"
"Omg, the ribs were super juicy & tender. Just like the ones I make for my family. Normally restaurants the food is decent at best, in my opinion, not saying I'm that good of a cook. But I think their ribs were amazing! Top quality, recommended for shre"
"We visited Phoenix and were told by some friends Bobby Q's was a must, and they were right on the money.  We started out with the Q rolls that come highly recommended. My wife love them, I thought they were pretty good.  We ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and it was awesome, meat was unbelievably tender and tasty. The sides were second to none as well, especially the fries. I have eaten too many fries in my life, and these were probably the best I have had. The service was excellent and we had a visit from a manager to make sure everything was to our liking. Atmosphere was very nice, our food came quite quickly. Took our leftovers and had more than enough for lunch the next day. They give you some mini donuts for the road, but u will be so full you will probably hold off for a bit. Honestly the only drawback is the location, it is in an older area, but it did not feel unsafe. If we return to PHX we will return to enjoy Bobby Q's again !"
If you're hungry come here to eat some bomb food little pricey if you're a college student but if you employed youre straight chillin
"5 stars may be too high but 4 stars are given out all the time and this is above most of those.  Pretty good to very good across the board.  Meats, sides, and desserts."
"Brisket so tender didn't need a knife, spicy sausage just the right amount of heat. Roasted corn was a first fir us but so glad we ordered it.. cornbread muffin patties tasty, service right on. Margaritas were good too."
"Never a bad experience! The food and atmosphere are great. My husband insists its the best burger he has ever had. I have had the pulled pork, smoked sausage and brisket tacos,  each one better than the next. This place is a hit!"
"They do really good corn bread. The first time i went we had ribs and steak. The ribs were really great, the steak was pretty good. The second time we couldnt remember what we got the first time and ended up ordering just steak it wasnt as good as the first time unfortunately."
"Overall experience here was good and the food is good as a little better than the message location I tried last year. We tried the brisket and ribs with roast veggies, slaw, and baked potato. Aside from the brisket being a little over done, everything was solid. The house cornbread and donuts are a nice specialty and help offset the high prices. The outdoor seating was enjoyable as it was springtime and too hot. Service was friendly and timely. Overall pretty good, but like the other location they need to cook the meats a bit less and leave some chew to it."
"Came here for lunch after out daughters graduation and we were all glad we did. Christin took great care of us and was smiling and pleasant all around.  Come here, you won't be disappointed."
"Brought my family here from out of town when they were craving barbeque and they were not disappointed. Brittany was very knowledgeable of the menu and had selections from alcoholic beverages, to appetizers and even an entree. Very pleased and service was splendid."
This was my first time stopping at this location and it was an amazing place to go have some lunch with my family I deathly recommend you guys going there
"Best BBQ joint in Phoenix! Awesome atmosphere, great staff and the food is crazy good! Garrett was our server and he was absolute perfect. Patio dining is the only way to go. Order the Smokehouse burger...you won't be disappointed!!!"
Amazing food and service .. our waiter had the best personality and made us feel comfortable
"Looking for a great BBQ with a super fun atmosphere? Look no further than Bobby Q's. After a LOOOONG day, this was the perfect place to relax and enjoy some amazing BBQ (Q-Rolls are the BEST). And what wraps this into a 5-star experience, the service! Ask for ""Chopper-Girl Charli"", she ROCKS!"
"Great food. Would give 5 stars, but the person we set our reservations with, didn't log our reservation. So when we showed up to the restaurant and informed them that we made a reservation the day before and gave our name, they just looked at us and said that we didn't have one. After about 5 minutes of arguing with the hostess and showing her the confirmation text we got, they seated us but it was a horrible table. By the bar and we had to sit on the same side of the table. We will go back because their Mac and cheese was good, but would like better seating."
"I am a Retired USAF Veteran and I know the meaning of ""Great"" customer service.

Mr. Jack Lineberger the General Manager and our server Dylan gave my wife and I just that; ""Exceptional"" and ""Outstanding"" customer service.
They were ""Top notch"" and made my wife and I wedding anniversary celebration exciting and fun. 

From step 1 to step 10 they took their time going over all the menu items, answered all of our questions, and gave us an impeccable dining experience; the service we received was ""Exemplary"".
Thank you Jack and your staff for the ""Exceptional"" and ""Outstanding"" Customer Service.

Bobby Q's food is very good and very tasty. The quality of the food is fantastic. ""Everything"" we ate was ""amazing"". 

The restaurant is very clean and welcoming.

My wife and I are 100% satisfied with the quality of service we received while at your restaurant.

We made the best choice by choosing Bobby Q's to celebrate our wedding anniversary celebration.

Thanks again Jack for the ""Great"" food. 

I will definitely recommend to my fellow Veterans the service we received from Jack and Dylan at Bobby Q's BBQ Restaurant and Steakhouse located at 8501 N. 27th Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85051.

Sincerely, James Holland, Retired USAF"
I have been here on several trips to Phoenix. I usually order the brisket because it is about the best I have ever had.  This time I had the boneless fried chicken and it did not disappoint. Great service and great food. Don't miss out on this restaurant.
"After regularly passing the building and commenting that we ""have to try it out"" we finally ended up at BobbyQ's for lunch. Our waiter, Oliver, was delightfully patient with all 9 of us ladies, some of who couldn't make up their minds. The place is big and open with little to dampen the sound so it was a noisy lunch hour. This turned out not to be a problem--it just meant the other half of our group didn't know we were talking about them! Baskets of yummy warm cornbread appeared on the table and just as magically disappeared. So good!! I ordered the brisket sandwich. The meat was plentiful and it arrived with sauce already on it. It was a little dry and I would have appreciated extra sauce on the table but I was so busy eating I forgot to take a picture. Everyone enjoyed their selections although the brisket won the popularity contest. I enjoyed my lunch and the whole experience. While I couldn't finish my sandwich, I did did not turn down the complimentary warm donuts that suddenly arrived. The food was good, our waiter was great and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I'll be back."
"Third time visiting and brought the family tonight!  Food was amazing just like the last 2 visits.  The brisket, pork, ribs, Mac n cheese were some of the best we have had.  Portions are good size as well.  Finished off our great meal with some mud pie which was tasty as well."
I have had great barbeque and I put this place up with Jack Stacks(KC) and Memphis bbq co. This place is right up there. There baby backs are the standard to which I rate everything else. There is no reason to go anyplace else.
"Last night was my and my husbands first time here. I made a reservation for 7:15. We got there a little earlier and they seated us right away. Orlando was our server and he was very nice and attentive. We loved the decor and look of the restaurant. I got a margarita which was really good! We ordered the hog feast. We chose baby back ribs and St. Luis, rotisserie style chicken, brisket, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, and grilled vegetables. We got our food within 5 minutes. Everything was delicious and super tender. There wasn't anything we disliked. We both agreed the rotisserie chicken was our favorite...sooooo good.  And the mac and cheese..omg. We had so much meat we took half of it home. Everyone was really nice, as we walked out we were told ""thank you for coming in"" and ""have a good night"" by every employee we passed. This restaurant will definitely be one we return to again and again."
"QUICKIE REVIEW
Come on in here and get some of this smoked BBQ goodness.

FOOD
This is what I tried:
-Q-rolls
-Whole hog heaven

This place couldn't help but to knock it out the park right from the start. The cornbread they give you does not need butter or anything extra added to it. Just enjoy as is. Then the Q-rolls, soft crispy outside with brisket that melts in your mouth on the inside. Then came time for whole hog heaven.
Wow, just wow. Warning, this is going to be a LOT of food. It can definitely feed two and maybe an additional two depending on how hearty the eaters are. For the ribs, I recommend people try the St. Louis style (server can explain what it is) and nothing else. You are supposed to pick two ribs, I am saying make that both your options. Same thing for the two meats, make them both beef brisket. In with all of the meat I had there it was smoked to perfection and if there a bone involved, meat fell right off of it. Everything really seemed to just melt in your mouth if it did not already do so in your hand from being so soft and tender. 

PARKING
They have a whole parking lot that they own. No shortage of parking.

SERVICE
Our waiter was good to go. He was the one to recommend the Q-rolls and gave us the broke down of everything else. Service was prompt and polite as it should be.

PRICE
For two, everything was under a $100. To which I want to add I ate it later for dinner and breakfast the next day.

TIP/OTHER THOUGHTS
When you are done with the meal and are leaving, they give you these heavenly donuts fried in peanut oil. Man oh man. Yes, just yes."
"Ordered the Thanksgiving meal for 3-4 people for $75.  Came with grilled corn,  creamy mashed red potatoes, gravy and corn bread.  Wasn't the best meal I had but def would order this again.  Loved smoked turkey for a change than the traditional oven-baked Turkey."
"When I saw quite a few of my Yelp friends checked in at Bobby Q, I definitely couldn't pass up a chance to go. We went on a Friday night and the wait for a table was about an hour and a half. This was a little bit longer than expected, however we figured we would grab a drink and wait. After seeing how large the drinks were that others around us had ordered, we decided on just one cocktail called Shipwrecked. It was large and pretty sweet with a blue raspberry-coconut flavor. Since this was the type of fruity drink I typically gravitate towards, I was satisfied and would get it again.

Their estimate on the wait time was fairly accurate so about an hour & a half later, we were seated at a table on their outside patio. Our waiter was friendly and came by our table immediately. He went over the menu items and suggested some of the meat plates and sides. I ended up getting a Pulled BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side of Mac & Cheese (which multiple servers seemed to be recommending) and my fianc got a three meat plate with the baked potato and mashed potatoes. While we waited, we were brought out some warm cornbread and butter to enjoy, and a short while later, our food arrived.

After tasting a little bit of everything that we got, I wish I would have ordered one of the red meats instead of the chicken sandwich only because it was so plain compared to the other items. I'm not a huge fan of red meat which I was pleased to see chicken on the menu, but the red meat had the actual BBQ flavor I was hoping to find. All the side items were good; I personally liked the mashed potatoes the most but my fianc liked the mac and cheese the most. The chicken sandwich plate and side was small enough for one to finish entirely but we had some leftovers from the three meat plate.

After we were done with our meals, we were brought a small bag with some cinnamon sugar covered donuts. I had seen a couple of people making them fresh at the front of the restaurant when we walked in, so this was definitely a nice & unique treat.

Overall, I would definitely be up for coming back here and giving some of the other menu items a try ... 4.5 stars, just not quite 5."
"I am NOT a BBQ lover, so when I give this place 4 stars, I mean it...it's pretty darn good. I've tried all the BBQ spots in the East Valley i.e. Joe's, Famous Daves and I am indifferent to them. A drug rep brought us catered lunch from Bobby Q's and I had never heard of it. They have received national awards for their food and apparently they won State Best Mac&Cheese. We had cornbread, mac& cheese, pulled pork sweet & spicy flavors, coleslaw, and salad. I tried really hard not to go back for seconds on the Mac & Cheese and Pulled Pork that was catered at our office, but I my will power cracked and I dove back into the M&C and pork. It is so good, the flavoring is on point, the coleslaw is crisp and not runny. I'm a fan for sure. If I'm in the area I will definitely try to check out the actual restaurant and take my family or friends there."
"This was my family's first time eating here, even though we have lived here for 14 years. The place was VERY busy!! We made a reservation for 6pm, but weren't seated until 6:15. The food is good. I had the brisket, beans and mashed potatoes. The brisket was so tender, you could easily cut it with a fork. The beans were good, but not great. I was expecting them to be a little sweeter. My husband had a pulled pork sandwich with potato salad. I took a bite of his potato salad, it was really good. My 12 year old didn't want to order off the kids menu, so he ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with Mac and cheese and fries. He surprisingly ate everything but the fries ( dad ate those). The portions are good sized, but a bit pricey ($25 for Brisket plate, $21 for 1/2 chicken plate). I would eat here again. The corn bread before the meal and the cinnamon sugar donuts after were a nice touch. The server was nice. Wish he had kept up on the drinks."
We cane to Bobby Qs tonight for a birthday celebration. Dylan was our server and was absolutely amazing and made our experience that much better.
Love the atmosphere here and the food is just phenomenal! The ribs are so perfectly cooked. They fall off the bones. The side dishes are great. This place is like no other bbq spots. Great for date night and big parties. Don't miss out on this restaurant
"SOOO MUCH FOOD. Tender meat, fun environment and great meal. We got the sampler and shared... still was able to take PLENTY home! Highly recommend"
Great Barbeque. Love their Fried onions and they have fabulous Mac and cheese. The servers are friendly and helpful. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
"Love this place! A must have when in Phoenix... the service can be slow but they always do their best to accommodate large parties which is awesome. Good food, always yummy!"
"Last stop in Arizona before heading back home.  This was a good choice.  The decor is spot on for a bbq place and all the servers are friendly and hustling.

The brisket was real good.  The mac n cheese was great.

And after spending a small fortune in Sedona, it was nice getting two full meals (that we couldn't even finish) for less than $30."
"Wow best stake house in my experience.
Always cooked same and feel good quality meat.
Also staff and management feel good"
My favorite place to eat in Arizona. Went and tried Lucille's BBQ the next day and gotta say that Bobby Q's does it right with their brisket. It falls apart and their baby back ribs do too. Definitely my new celebratory spot to eat
"Wow!  What a best kept secret for food. Hidden away,And not easy to get to,  the food is great service is wonderful and the atmosphere is unbelievable.

Good place for families or company dinners."
"What is all the hoop la about?
Food is okay, service is good, rancid oil for garlic bread and cajun shrimp. Came for the free donuts, several raw in the middle. Mediocre at best."
Really good BBQ! I got the pulled pork sandwich and my friends got brisket and ribs- all really good. Brisket was really tender. Only negative is the desert- carrot cake was reallyyyy dry and tasted horrible.
"Native Texan checking in and this place is solid.  Not as good as Texas bbq but the best we've had since moving to the valley.  It was so good in fact that hubs wants to inquire about holding a private event there for work.  So yeah, not bad at all!

We shared a 3 meat plate with brisket, baby back ribs and pulled pork.  Out of the 3, the brisket was my least favorite because I thought it was a bit dry but hubs didn't seem to think so.  He thought they were all pretty dang good.  My 3 year old devoured his mac and cheese.  It was pretty creamy and delicious.

We ordered the cornbread as an after thought so I was pretty full by the time it got to our table but it was so delicious I ate a whole one plus some.  It tastes almost like a desert because of the sweetness.  Perfection.

The decor is nice - very casual and bbq-like.  Service was good, too.  If you like bbq, you definitely need to check this place out!"
"I went here to actually do a tasting for my wedding catering and I enjoyed it all. The only thing that isn't good is the smothered chicken, the chicken tasted like cardboard and all I got was sauce, which was fine but couldn't cover up the cardboard tasting chicken. 

The brisket was absolutely divine, and a lot of times I find brisket too fatty. This was melt in your mouth good! The ribs were also fall off the bone oey goey glory. Their Bbq sauce was pretty bomb. The desert was also excellent, we have apple pie a la mode-so crispy on the crust and warm in the center. I will come back here to one of phoenix's only Bbq spots."
"We enjoyed our food , service, and atmosphere at Bobby Q's!! Serbia and Dusty did an outstanding job of waiting and serving our table!! Great service and good!"
"I absolutely love this restraunt. It blows me away every single time I come here. The service is great, the food is even better. Highly recommend the mac and cheese it's to die for!"
"This place was awesome! We sat in the patio because of our Yorkie. Our server right away brought her a bowl of water how sweet of her. 
The food was finger licking good. We ordered the Hog platter for 2 ppl there was 3 of us and we had a lot left over. We also ordered the fried chicken it was really juicy piece of chicken breast. Our server also gave us complimentary fresh  donuts. Thank you we will be back!"
"If you want to fall into a food coma, eat here, believe me it's worth it. Great vibes in dining room, lounge and perfect patio area. Easy freeway access makes this an easy detour and accessible spot for all."
just waited over an hour and a half and then got a call saying it is too late and Bobby q not going to deliver... weak...
Definitely not the same any more. The name wasn't the only thing that changed. I would never waste my money again. It's sad how terrible of an experience my family had.
"I would have to say that Bobby Q's is probably my second favorite BBQ restaurant in Arizona.  You cannot go wrong with whatever you choose on their menu.  I have had their burger to their plates and everything in between.  My favorite entree to order is the two meat plate combo where I get pulled pork and brisket with mashed potatoes and coleslaw on the side.  The mac-n-cheese, french fries, coleslaw, BBQ beans, and mashed potatoes are all excellent sides that are executed well.  The food is just really good here the meat is very tender and moist; and together with their BBQ sauce is the ultimate.  The atmosphere is very pleasant and inviting.  The service has been pretty good, but I have had some waiters that have been less than ideal.  I hate to spoil the surprise but they give these melt-in-your-mouth cinnamon sugar donuts as a nice little treat when you receive your check as a thank you.  Overall, if you are looking for a nice sit down BBQ restaurant with great food I would highly recommend you give this place a try."
"My husband and I have eaten here quite a few times, and we've never been disappointed. The food is delicious, and the staff is friendly and attentive. If you want some great homestyle barbecure, this is the place!"
"Great BBQ and appetizers.   We showed up without a reservation on a saturday.  it was busy but they quickly set us up outside by the heaters.   They delight you at the end with a surprise, ok, ill tell you, these totally delicious, yet evil, hot donuts!!"
"I loved Bobby Qs. The server was slow and the drinks were delayed but the good was delicious and honestly, that's what we were there for."
Very rude people I wouldn't come here horrible hospitality and need new employees that will take pride in   There work and are just not comin to work for a paycheck
"Went here for a work dinner.  Not a good spot for vegetarians or pescatarians.  Not a good spot for someone who doesn't drink beer or someone who doesn't really want a cocktail.  As a wine drinker, I was disappointed, but not surprised, this is a BBQ joint.

From a food standpoint, I am usually able to make do - I'll find side dishes to make a meal.   But, the sides were challenging.   The mashed potatoes should have been called ""sour cream with a bit of potato"" and the mixed grilled veggies were so boring, almost raw, no seasoning, ick.  The best things on the menu in my opinion?  The fries and the cornbread.

In our very large group, nobody was raving about the food, they all said it was just so-so.  For the meat eaters, I think they liked the weird taquito like appetizers best."
"First time here and it was wonderful. Split the lunch dishes, Brisket and Ribs, along with the grilled veggies and coleslaw and was just enough (not a lot). Meat was awesome and the spicy BBQ sauce was yummy. Very classy place on the inside and a great staff. 

Almost forgot about the bag of ""crack"" they serve at the end. Delicious donuts"
"Oliver was our server for the night and his service was perfect.  Food was great. Ribs were awesome,  not Phil's bbq but really good regardless.  The kids meals are really good and we even had a treat ( unexpected) cinnamon donuts.  Unbelievable.  Coming back for sure."
"Found on Yelp. We were just in Phoenix for a few days and ate here twice because it was sooooo good. The atmosphere is fun, wait staff funner and food fantastic. We had Q rolls, prime rib and brisket the 1st night. Would recommend all. Then burgers the next day. The sides are all great as well. Potato salad was just like my own. Then get your doughnuts on your way out. A must if in Phoenix."
Best BBQ in the valley! The brisket is my absolute favorite and its so tender. The ribs are really good as well. The price of the meat platter dinner (not sure of the name) came with so much food. Im sure it could feed a good 5 people.
Great take out!!!! Savory food and reasonable prices!!!! They never disappoint!!!! Their free bag of cinnamon donut holes adds a sweet touch!
"WOW!
5 stars for Trey alone-- dude was answering phones, bartending, and taking on tables ALL with incredible service!!! He helped us navigate their massive offerings of food and alcohol: I loved my Lavender Sour: it was smooth, not too sweet and garnished with a beautiful edible flower. I shared a giant platter called the whole hog and it was a life changing experience! Which is the best way to describe this place, an experience for the senses. From the wafting bbq smell greeting you in the parking lot to the helpful staff upon entering to the great atmosphere and the fabulous fare. Take someone special to enjoy with, there is plenty to share!"
"Ate here for the first time this past summer. Had the brisket and some mac n cheese. It was worth the food coma. Not to mention the donut holes togo.

Ifya havent been....get up n go"
"Thank You Kristie ,Jason , Nate an Jack you are the best!!!! The food an the friends are awesome!!!!!!!! I will always go back!!i I really do not go anywhere else cause it feels like home here!!"
"My girlfriend from Oregon and I had a delicious meal at Bobby Qs restaurant tonight. Initially, we had a minor situation with the menus each having different prices. The manager was very gracious and offered us the lower-priced menu.  Very professional and very friendly. 
LeeAnne was our server and she was a 10.  My girlfriend ordered a steak sandwich. The steak was grilled to perfection with a glazed caramelized sauce that brought out the steak's flavors. It was thick and juicy and so flavorful covered in grilled mushrooms served with onion rings so tasty I ordered one to go.
Their potato soup is almost a meal in itself. It is so flavorful with cheese and bacon and chopped onions and potatoes I could've eaten another bowl instead I got one to go.
Bobby Qs gives you a small bag of homemade donuts to thank you for enjoying their restaurant. Give it a try for sure. 
Second review:  treated friends today to Bobby Qs for burgers and steak sandwiches. Kyle served us and he was beyond on top of keeping us satisfied. Actually I was the one who got treated today.  Manager Taylor himself took care of a minor problem I had with my steak. He solved the issue as fast as humanly possible.  He gave me the BEST customer service ever in any restaurant I've eaten. Food so wonderful; service the same. 
Third review: my girlfriend took me to barbecue yesterday for my birthday. We wanted to go out in odd times so it would be so crowded and noisy. There are special was a prime rib sandwich with one of their yummy sides and by the time we got there it was sold out. We split a brisket and pork sandwich with a loaded potato and I have enough for dinner. The barbecue sauce is divine. My birthday dessert was a brownie and ice cream that I took to go because I was so full. This is one of my favorite restaurants in north Phoenix. I have never had a bad meal here"
"After searching for a good BBQ place to try, based on high ratings and reviews,  my girlfriend found this restaurant and it looked like it was going to be great.  We did not get any alcohol drinks, but I tried their strawberry lemonade and it was great. For our meal, we had to go with the whole hog heaven. Being from out of town, this was a no brainer, as this combo had the best of everything. We were able to try baby back ribs, st louis ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. All of these meats were delicious. My favorite were the st louis ribs and the pulled pork, but everything was so good.  Not only that, but this combo meal came with 3 sides. We went with the pecan cole slaw, mac & cheese, and mashed potatoes.  Again, very delicious sides. This platter was so large in size, that we had plenty of left overs to take home (to finish up later that night plus the next day). The portion size was excellent compared to the price.  The waiter we had was great. Made our experience even better. It was a nice bonus we got some fresh made mini donuts to go in a bag on our way out. And I got a free refill lemonade drink to go as well. This was probably the best BBQ I have had at a restaurant.  I can see why it is rated so high. A+ recommendation from me. Everything from food to service was outstanding. Everyone must try this BBQ."
"I love coming here, for the food, the atmosphere, and especially the fresh donuts at the end. The wait here today was pretty long (about an hour) but I wasn't aware we could make a reservation. Next time we will for sure."
Best bbq ever! Dont go unless Jason is working the bar! He's the best! And super hot!
The food was fantastic. The service however was a little slow but it was very busy so I try not to hold it against them. I would definitely recommend this place if you enjoy good BBQ.
Make a reservation this place gets packed. Great food and drinks!!! The dessert donuts are delicious!!! they even gave us to go bag
"Came in for a bday lunch with my mom and sister. We shared some q rolls.They were so yummy! I also got the q-lada which was huge and soooo yummy! I couldnt finish it all thats how big it was. Between the 3 of us we shared the whole hog platter. We got the ribs, the brisket and the pork. we also had the lil skinny fires. the mashed potatoes and the corn. Everything was super good and it was so much food for all of us. The waiter was very nice and attentive. She even gave us complimentary piece of cake. this place is a must try if you love some good ol' bbq! you wont be disappointed!"
"Food was excellent, and service was AMAZING!
BEST ribs in town! Mac and cheese is definitely a must try! Serve was always on everything ! Definitely would recommend it!"
"After an early movie this morning, a friend of mine and I stopped at Bobby Q's at 32nd St. and Camelback for lunch. We had the Wednesday special, filet mignon for $14.00, wine for $5.00. Be sure to specify the house $5.00 wine or you will be paying twice that. My fault! No salad, that's extra, however, after the lunch and brown bag of donuts, a salad would not have fit. Great service but a pesky little fruit fly."
"Loved it! Patio is nice. Food was wonderful. Kids had a nice time. Cornbread and doughnuts, seriously, yes."
"Updating to add I've now brought more family to this restaurant. I've spent quite a while talking this place up, and thankfully it did not disappoint!
My aunt thoroughly enjoyed her baked potato with pork, my mother enjoyed her brisket sandwich, husband enjoyed his steak, uncle liked his pulled pork, and I was not disappointed by my beef brisket platter. Portions are great and the taste is amazing. 
We had q rolls and queso dip to start. I already knew I loved the q rolls, and while I liked the dip, it wasn't stellar (to me). My husband liked it though. 
My toddler got chicken tenders with fries and seemed to enjoy it, though she liked the bread from the queso dip more. 
I loved the Mac and cheese again, though my mother said it's not as good as her sister-in-law's...which I haven't tried, so I still love this one. 
I also tried the ranch beans. While they were pretty good, they're not my favorite. Some seemed undercooked. My husband thought the same. 

Nobody had room for sweets, so that's my goal next time!"
"This place brings back some memories. It used to be the old Bobby McGee's themed restaurant, and I used to go on dates with my daughters when they were just little girls. It was dress up time with Dad, and they really enjoyed meeting the various servers that acted out their various personas. 

The last time I was here was a few months after they remodeled this place, and turned it into Bobby Q's. The food wasn't that impressive then; therefore, I never made it a point to return.

Due to an accident on the I-17, we had to make a detour on Dunlap to escape the traffic. Instead of having to endure a prolonged wait for dinner, we opted to give this place a try. I forewarned my wife that I didn't think that this place was any good, but we would give it a try anyway.

And we were about to be quite pleasantly surprised.

Riley, our server, greeted us with such enthusiasm and made compelling statements  about how amazing this place was. #89 in the country as far as BBQ joints are concerned, and over 1100 reviews on Yelp. 

His statements were received with some trepidation by yours truly, and in my mind, I was saying to myself - we shall see!

My wife ordered the Wood Fired Top Sirloin Steak, and I ordered the 3 meat combo (Pork, Brisket, and Chicken). For our drinks, we ordered the sweet tea.

The tea was just wonderful. Not too sweet and not too tart, and had zero after taste. Just the way the both of us like it. 

We were provided with fresh homemade cornbread that was just pure evil! They were absolutely and ridiculously delectable. You could just taste the sweetness, along with all the calories and the carbs! A caution sign should accompany these babies.

In spite of the myriad of people eating here; especially the two large parties that apparently were part of some spring training tour group, the service was prompt and efficient. 

Nary an empty moment went by without Riley continually checking in on us and apprising us of our meal's status.

Not too terribly long afterwards, our meals were presented to us.

My wife really enjoyed her Sirloin Steak, and she was quite impressed with the roasted corn that came with it. And the generously lavish heap of shoe string fries made a great accompaniment to her already delicious meal.

My 3 meat BBQ combo was quite heavenly. The smoked meats were very tender, and the sampling of the various BBQ sauces provided just brought out their flavors even more.

In the middle of us enjoying our meal; Renee, the manager stopped by and checked in on us as well. She was engaging and quite friendly. She even helped clear our table as we progressed through our dining experience.

And when we were all done, Riley spent a few moments recapping our experience.

We had nothing but great things to say about the service and their food. Both were thoroughly enjoyable!"
"Awesome !!!!!! The best bbq with a very reasonable price and great service !!!
I will come back."
"@ Mark: I would Probably say your food shouldn't be offered for delivery if you cannot guarantee the quality. Also, I doubt there will be a ""till then"".  I will take my business to a different restaurant."
This is the best BBQ me or my family had. The meat is so tender it melts. Cameron our server is really good and knows his job. Desert and drinks are great! Sad is so far from home.
"Went to Bobby Q with a work colleague and fellow BBQ enthusiast. We ordered two 3-meat combo plates so that we could try almost everything. 

All 3 ribs tasted good (baby back, st-louis, beef). I would have hoped for more smoke and more of a rub (we ordered them dry with sauce on the side). Of the three, I think that the St-Louis were the best.

We also had brisket, pulled pork and chicken. All three of these need lots of smoke (in my view) to be a success and there just was not enough. The brisket was not sliced and had no barque. It was more of a ""pulled"" format in small pieces. It tasted a bit dry and lacked smoke.

Overall, it's OK but not great. I'm stuck between going with 2 or 3 stars on this because the sides weren't all that fantastic either (mac & cheese, fries, grilled veg, ranch beans). However, it is still decent BBQ if you stick to the right items (ribs)."
"Went to Bobby-Q for lunch and tried the sampler platter. For my platter I got the baby back ribs, ST. Louis ribs and the smoked BBQ pork with a side of mac and cheese.  My compadre got the same platter but substituted for the sliced beef brisket and pecan Cole slaw so we could both share. Before your food arrives you get two pieces of corn bread and butter and at the end of your meal you receive a sugar donut.

By noon the restaurant was standing room only and our server was very attentive and refilled my ice tea three times. The rib meat really does fall off the bone and you can smell the hickory wood and taste the dry rubbed spices with each bite of rib which was mouthwatering and delicious. We asked the waiter to bring extra BBQ sauce so he brought us the sweet and the spicy sauce to sample.

Baby Back Ribs (Sweet Sauce)
ST. Louis Ribs (Spicy Sauce)
Sliced Beef Brisket
BBQ Pork"
"Great food! I usually get the pulled pork sandwich. But I've had the steak and crab legs dinner too. Also a fun club at night. 2 sections, hip hop and Spanish rooms. Try both!"
My buddy and I were looking for a place close to my house for lunch and found BobbyQs on yelp. Great food and outstanding service. They are the best bbq I've found around here and we will definitely be going back soon. Highly reopens the sample platter!
Best BBQ in the valley. Smoked pulled pork is delicious. Baby backs to die for. Prim Rib is spectacular. Plus they give you mini donuts!!
"The food is very tasty and a good portion. The BBQ is authentic. The drinks are on the pricier side, but all-in-all the service, food, and location are great!"
"We visited Bobby Q after searching for good barbecue in the area. We were served by Shelby who was absolutely exceptional. She was friendly, responsive, and helpful. She recommended the brisket which was DEVINE! She literally knew the entire menu, drinks included. If I go back I would definitely ask for her again."
"I liked the donuts and corn bread they give you pre and post meal. I ordered a hamburger and it literally was enough for three meals. The service could have been a tad better but it was okay. We had to ask for silverware and the server did not check on us enough. The place is a busy place to eat.  However, with that said the manager stopped by the table to say hi and the staff were very nice. Their patio is very pretty. 

I am embarrassed to admit I have never been here before since it changed over. The food was fine but it seems very expensive. If you are a big meat eater you will probably like it but there are better BBQ places in town. Check it out and see what you think."
"OMG! I love BBQ! I can't eat it all the time...I save my stomach for my AZ travels. This place is in a shabby neighbor but please don't let that be a deterrent. I order the trifecta plate(not sure if that's the real name). Chicken, ribs and brisket...it's so, so good! The brisket is so juicy and flavorful. The chicken it always cooked to perfection. The ribs are not fatty, and have a substantial amount of meat in them. The side dishes are good but it's the meat that you can't forget! 

Oh...they have the coolest thing in a restaurant! A mini donut maker! At the end of your dinner they bring you hot...mini cinnamon and sugar donuts! As if you have room! I have no shame in my game...I tell them I'm from Cali and I need additional orders for the road. That always throw in extras for me. So nice! 

This is a hidden gem!!!! I have friend in AZ who refused to go to dinner with me for almost 6 years. They finally went 2 years ago for a gathering. I received a call that night! They were so apologetic for have blown me off for years about Bobby's! 

Now they go there all the time!"
"This place has amazing reviews so we finally decided to try this out and yes, it is definitely worth the Yelp hype. We were seated in the outdoor patio, perfect for the weather that night. The customer service was great and I have no complaints. 

Our meal started with complimentary cornbread. I'm not sure if I was just too hungry or what, but that has gotta be the best cornbread I've ever had in my life. And I don't even like cornbread. For my entree, I got the Southern Fried Chicken with a side of mashed potatoes and mac & cheese. Yuuuum. 

I will definitely be back here to try something that's actually barbecue. The prices are a bit high, but once in a while, I think this place is worth it."
"We got take out from here but peaking into the dining area, it looked like a fun atmosphere. The food was delicious! I had the grilled salmon and it was very good. The brocolini was seasoned perfectly. My husband had the half slab of the baby back ribs & said they were the best ribs that he's ever had. The cornbread was AMAZING & so moist! We also had the warm apple cobbler and vanilla ice cream. We will definitely go back to this restaurant!"
"We had the salmon and catfish. Perfectly cooked and delicious! Their corn bread was really good. Wished they kept it coming though. Their onion block was the best onion rings I've ever had. And their orange blossom beer was interesting, in a good way. Service was great. Pricey, but worth it."
OMG this place is huge! I had no idea. We placed our order through take out and got to see the bustle in the back of the house and they were really on it. Seemed like they worked together well. The young man and young lady doing the take out orders were super nice and sweet. The food...well you already know....delicious
Best BBQ in the state of Arizona   Try there smoked prime rib its crazy good.   The service at Bobby Qs is fantastic.  Yes I go often!!!
This is the second time we have been there and both times everything was absolutely perfect we got the q rolls and the big Texas ribs and 2 q rolls they are my absolute favorite food my son loved the ribs mashed potatoes were awesome and the corn was good as well I can't wait to come back a third time staff were all very attentive and helpful my son suggested this place to eat and I am so glad he did the bread pudding was also very delicious definitely will be back again
"Great food, the complimentary donut holes they provide at the end of each meal are delicious. The food is pretty damn great, too. I would recommend that you try the BBQ brisket and pulled pork."
"***4.5 Stars***

It's true. This place is all that and a bag of chips! All that and a plate of fall off the bone baby back ribs! All that and a box of freshly baked donuts! All that and... okay you catch my drift. It's truly all THAT!

Read some of the glowing reviews about Bobby Q before my recent trip to Phoenix and I just HAD to come here during my visit. Let's just say that they definitely impressed in all departments. Starting off with the decor and ambience; absolutely stunning! This place is pretty large inside too. 

They have a gorgeous covered patio with really pretty lighting. There's even a TV on the patio for all of the sports heads. Speaking of that, their BAR is beautiful too. It's a wrap around style with plenty of TV's and lounge tables. The dining area is dark and spacious with a fabulous ambience and nice high ceilings. Just really well put together. 

Service is absolutely impeccable! Derrick was truly amazing! That man deserves a raise! Talk about being on it the ENTIRE time. I was never forgotten and always attended to but not in an overwhelming way. He was also kind enough to give me some great recommendations as far as hiking and sight seeing in the area. A true gem with heart and personality. 

The drinks are.... wowza! I had their Q-lada which was similar to a pia colada but with strawberry pure and damnit... It was phenomenal! It was almost too pretty to drink. It came garnished with fresh coconut and pineapple and came l served in a HUGE ass glass! Shoutout to the bartender who hooked this drink up because it was FABULOUS! Yes, I was feelin' it.

And last but not least.... that FOOD!!! Woooooo babyyyy! Those RIBS were the truth! The TRUTH. Period. I ordered their 1/2 rack of baby back ribs w/ mac and cheese and ranch beans. It was delicious!!! The ribs definitely stole the show. They were falling off the bone and were oh so tender. The bbq sauce was a hit! Those PORTIONS are no joke either! Literally had to take a picture of my leftover boxes because it looked like I hadn't even eaten anything but I DID! I got so full. Mmm.

The mac and cheese was so creamy and cheesy but just a little too rich for my taste. They got the flavor down wonderfully though. The ranch beans were pretty good too but could have definitely used more seasoning on them. This meal also comes with cornbread AND they give you freshly baked homemade donuts at the end of your meal too. Lawdy lawd laaawd! I was NOT ready. 

Ermahgaaawd that cornbread! Yaaaass! It was a hit! And those donuts? And even BIGGER hit! That cornbread was so moist and the butter melted as soon as I spread it on the top. It was melting in my mouth! So good! Derrick even gave me some more to-go! Ha! Like I REALLY needed it, but it was so damn delicious.

I can't even talk about the donuts now because now I'm craving. They were perfect. That cinnamon sugar coating, that fluffy center... mm mm mmm. What a nice surprise! Even though I was stuffed to the MAX, I still was able to enjoy one before having to call it quits and taking them to go. What a night, what an experience, what a MEAL. It was fabulous. The owner/manager even stopped by to check-in and introduce himself while I was there. 

This place really prides themselves on excellent service and I truly appreciate it. Oh yeah, I can't forget to mention the 10% off Yelp-in offer! It's really such a great deal to take advantage. This was the best meal that I had in Phoenix. Hell, it was the best meal that I had in Arizona period. Cannot wait to reunite with Bobby Q's one day! Maybe they'll bring a location to Cali one day (wink wink)? Who knows! I guess we'll just have to wait and see!"
"(Before I say anything, order the Q Rolls. I don't see a single possible way anyone could be disappointed by them. Unless you don't eat meat, and then I feel sorry for what you're missing out on.)

Finally went off the beaten path (literally) and tried Bobbie Q's after years and years of driving right by it along the I-17. If you're anything like me, you thought it may have looked a little questionable from the freeway. Old perhaps, run down, neglected? Let me assure you, none of these are the case at all. Once you navigate the side streets to find this hidden gem, you are sure to be pleasantly surprised just as we were. 

Prepare to be greeted at the hostess station inside a beautifully kept up and clean dining room. You may notice the donut machine just behind the hostesses making fresh little donuts which will be warm and waiting for you on the way out. Once seated, I highly recommend you order the Q Rolls, as stated at the beginning of the review. The beef brisket wrapped up inside them is out of this world good. Great dipping sauces too. 

For the entrees, we had a loaded baked potato with shredded chicken, a pulled pork plate, a brisket sandwich and a pulled pork sandwich. Aside from one small complaint of a little bit of extra fat in the pork plate serving, everything else was excellent. Didn't notice the fattiness in the pulled pork sandwich I had half of, so I'm guessing it was just a fluke. The half a brisket sandwich was outstanding and the potato with chicken was also very good. Tons of side dish choices too; sure to be something for everyone.

As for the service here, the servers and managers don't appear willing to let anyone get out of there unhappy. They pride themselves on having happy (and most likely return) customers. Just look at their current Yelp rating; that's not easy to do! We had two different managers come over and check on us at two different points during our meal. Our server took great care of us, even hooked my mom up with extra cornbread. Totally made her night. And to all of the guys out there: ice cubes in the urinals when it's time to relieve yourselves. How many places can claim that? ;-)"
"Best Mac and cheese and q rolls 
Service is always great our server Dylan was very nice and got us our food and drinks fast."
My Go to place for prime rib and the q rolls are great appetizers ... Also i love the patio seating area during cooler months great place to take new people and visitors.
Came with a big group and food was great. Great atmosphere. Despite the place being packed they got us seated in a reasonable amount of time. Fun place with good food!
"This is my new favorite BBQ restaurant. The service is excellent, the food is very delicious, and the price is right. The BBQ beef brisket is tender, the pork and chicken BBQ is very tasty and the BBQ sauce is better than any I've ever had elsewhere. As a parting gift the waiter gave us a bag of fresh warm doughnuts. Wonderful dining experience. And it is this good every time I come back. You need to try it!"
"This is a good place.  food, atmosphere....the bar patrons seem happy.  I don't drink at the bar, i go there to eat and enjoy it each time."
Dylan was one of the best servers I've come across. He had great suggestions and was very intuitive. Helped us order just the right amount of food and the best drinks! Food was  just as good
Love this place. A bit expensive but well worth it on special days. Any of the steaks will have you coming back for more
"Everything was great from A to Z....even scored some free sugared doughnuts upon arrival just by asking. Our seating was prompt even though we were told it would be fifteen minutes - we barely waited three...

our booth was awesome and so was our server Hunter...who was very kind, courteous and knowledgeable without being obtrusive or pushy. He made just the right recommendations and was very polite while engaging.

The winner of the evening was the moist and plump rotisserie chicken, accompanied by the two sides which were shoestring fries and mac n cheese. The chicken was to die for and made all the supermarket rotisserie chickens look bad...the chicken was not only juicy but it was supremely tender and melt in your mouth - too bad there wasn't more of it...

The only thing I didn't care for was the corn bread but that's not enough to knock off a star...

Good night !"
"Oh my God! The baby back ribs. The pecan cole slaw. The corn bread (complimentary with your meal) and the fresh hot mini cinnamon-spiced donuts that are given to you on the way out. This was a near perfect experience, the service, the food, the awesome outside...everything."
Mehhhh is the best way to describe this place. Will not me going back. Two plates and two drinks cost $30! Not worth it. The food was brought out a min after ordering. Hugh prices for fast food.
"Whoa. If you have not eaten here, drop what you're doing and head over. Simply the best meat you have ever tasted. The brisket is to die for. If I were requesting a last meal - Bobby Q's beef brisket would be it. The baby back ribs are also superb. Chicken - it's good, but how good can chicken be.

The cornbread to start is simply fantastic, especially with the whipped butter so it soft and melts in nicely.

Also, the service is superb. Quick, friendly, helpful.

Simply fantastic. My favorite place to eat."
"Bobby Q BBQ. Clever. The restaurant had me at the name but it didn't hurt that they made Yelps 100 places to eat list. What does one do when they find themselves in Phoenix for the first time ever? Head over to Bobbie Q, of course. I came here for one reason and one reason only. Baby back ribs. I do love my baby backs. There is a pretty large parking lot to fit all the hungry BBQ lovers in one place. As I walked in and smelled the smoky goodness, the hostess in the front handed my party of three a bag of freshly made cinnamon sugar donuts while we waited a few short minutes for a table. Like a child who's been offered desert before dinner, I gleefully followed the hostess to our table whilst munching on my sugary donuts. Our waiter took our drink orders and I decided on the baby backs with a side of potato salad and mac and cheese. 

After what seemed like a forever of eyeing and sniffing my neighbors meals, our plates came out. The full rack of baby backs were huge. The photo does not do it justice. Talk about a bang for your buck! They smelled amazing as the smokey aroma filled my lungs. I went in with my knife and realized how easy the cut was. There is hours of love put into these ribs because the first bite just melted in my mouth. The best thing about these ribs...they are not overly sauced. You can ask for extra BBQ and add as needed, but the meat is not masked with sauce. I got through about half of the tender rack of ribs before I realized that I still had two bowls piled high with mac and cheese and potato salad. I used the complimentary corn bread with butter to create potato salad and mac and cheese sammies and inhaled my sides. The mac and cheese was so creamy with a distinct sharp cheddar flavor. I wish that the cheese was a little more gooey than creamy, but the flavors where there. The potato salad had good flavor and great textures. It paired really well with the sweet cornbread. Heads up, this place won't do you well if you are on the diet. This is one cheat meal you will not regret. 

The service was pretty impressive. Our waiter gave suggestions and replaced our drinks with new ones before we finished the original. Our food was served hot and when we were tipping over from being too full, he brought out to go boxes to pile our leftovers in. One of the managers was walking around in the restaurant and checking on tables throughout our meal. We gave kudos to the chef when he asked us about our experience. I didn't imagine Phoenix to be known for BBQ, but I was not disappointed with what I got. The restaurant has indoor and outdoor seating (with a sprinkling cooling system) with big enough tables to feel at ease. As I walked out, another bag of cinnamon donuts were handed to me and I vouched to be back. 5/5 overall experience!"
"Three Meat Combo Platter: Brisket, Baby Backs, Chicken w/ Mac n Cheese & Straw Fries 
Service: 10/10
Location: 10/10
Food: 11/10
The Q rolls as an appetizer will leave you speechless and the complimentary donuts for dessert will finish your meal perfectly. 

Honestly the whole menu is fire."
SUCH GOOD BBQ OMG!!!! Dark romantic atmosphere or even yeah good for groups intimately though because it can be a little noisy.
Super fast and the sauce is great.  Our only issue was finding the front door!  The cornbread arrived at our table just as we were seated and tasted as good as it looked.  Greasy but tasty little donuts upon departure.  Pulled pork sandwich was huge but somehow I managed to finish it!  Service was friendly and attentive.  Great family venue.
"Such a treat to eat here! While you're waiting for your order they bring corn muffins and butter to your table,  nice touch. My boyfriend and I shared the 3 meat plate with 2 sides of mac n cheese. We also got a side of the baked beans. The mac n cheese was cheesy and satisfying. The baked beans weren't my cup of tea but my bf loved them. The ribs just melt in your mouth! The chicken is delicious. And the Brisket is good too but we were so full we couldn't finish it! I love how they serve their house made bbq sauce in a pourable container like it's gravy lol. We're definitely planning on coming back and trying something else!"
So being from Texas and giving this a 4 Star for BBQ is a huge compliment.  Great new smoasted chicken was awesome. Creamy Mac n cheese and great service.
"I love Bobby Qs, their food is pooping amd always on point. Good atmosphere and clean. They nice."
I'm impressed.  My smokehouse burger was excellent.  Devin provided friendly and fast service.  The craft beer selection makes me want to try them all....next time.
I have been to Phoenix many times and always look to eat at unique restourant. Bobby's place came on the list and went to try it. The food was amazing and the server was wonderful. That place was pretty  busy too. YES great BBQ options. Thank you1
Bobby Q's catered our wedding 2 years ago. It was so great we celebrate our Anniversary here too!!  Jake was our server today and was AWESOME!!
"I love BBQ and I've wanted to try Bobby Q for a while so when the boyfriend had a friend coming to visit who was staying near here I suggested we try it out.

It's always a little scary to take someone to a place you've never been to but Bobby Q did not disappoint.

We started with their Q rolls for an appetizer. SO good. They are kinda like egg rolls but with brisket and they come with a chipotle dipping sauce that is really good. 

I ordered the brisket sandwich (apparently I was in a brisket kinda mood) which comes with shoestring fries and I ordered a side of mac n cheese as well. I'm not kidding when I say this is some of the best beef brisket I've ever had. It was so tender, not dry at all and it had just the right amount of sauce - enough to give you that rich BBQ flavor but not so much that the meat is swimming in it.
The fries were good but the mac n cheese was really good. VERY rich and creamy. I couldn't finish it all. 
The boyfriend had chicken and mashed potatoes. He said the chicken was good but the potatoes came without gravy. Maybe they forgot it? So those were kinda dull. 
Our friend got ribs and mac n cheese. The ribs looked amazing - fall off the bone type.

We stayed at the table really late - we were literally the last people in the place but they didn't seem to care that we were just hanging out which was cool. 

We didn't go to the bar next door but it was packed and looked like a fun place to grab a drink.

Bobby Q turned out to be a great place to bring a visitor since they let us talk forever and the food was tasty and reasonably priced. I would definitely eat there again."
"So freaking yummy!  I love the food here.  Love the doughnuts.  
Just entering and you are are swept away with savory smells.  Everything here is so tasty. 
The staff is always so friendly.   Dinner time is a wait.  However no to long of a wait.   
Happy hour here is a lot of fun."
Way overpriced for a bbq joint.  The food was just ok bbq food.  Nothing very special.
"I had their brisket rolls with chipotle ranch, and they were amazing! I also had their cornbread, which was easily top 5 in my book. I ordered from Uber Eats so I did not eat at the restaurant."
"Hostess skipped over us a few times and when we asked them about our place in line they were like oh and finally sat us down. But once we sat down everything changed. Isaac our waiter was amazing! Very professional, welcoming and all around great! We eat out a lot and have lived all over the world and this service was amazing. Food was really good as well and portions are huge. The manager was also great and asked us how everything was."
"Went here for a birthday dinner with the boyfriend and some close friends. While everyone definitely enjoyed the food, I found it fell a little short. 

I had the cajun shrimp, and my bf had the full rack of ribs. The cajun shrimp was nicely seasoned, but half of the meal was bread. Literally. Why am I paying $16 for bread? The ribs were nicely smoked, but definitely not enough sauce, so ended up more dry than desired. 

The redeeming quality was the service. Everyone was nice and attentive, so that's always a pleasant experience."
"I must be late to the Bobby Q bus but I just found this place and it was awesome!! It made me feel like I was back in Austin Texas eating dinner. From the ambiance, to the service and the food I couldn't find anything wrong with this place. I can't wait to come back!"
"Pretty damn good BBQ joint, and kickass atmosphere to boot. The service was efficient without making us feel rushed. At our table we had the sweet onion block, the q rolls, the cornbread, pulled pork, ribs, and probably some other stuff I forgot. Everything was awesome. ""Spicy"" barbecue sauce was not spicy if you've been to Famous Dave's, but we'll let it slide since everything else was so great."
"BBQ
This is a great (but noisy) spot for dinner and it was in a convenient location - just a short walk from our hotel in North Phoenix.  My husband and I ordered a 3 meat combination BBQ platter (smoked beef brisket, St Louis ribs and pulled pork) to share.  It came with cornbread and a couple of sides (broccolini and coleslaw).  The cornbread and sides were tasty and the meat was cooked to perfection.  The portion was so generous that we couldn't finish it.  The service was excellent and the prices were reasonable.  The free fresh mini doughnuts that came with our bill at the end of the meal were frighteningly delicious!"
"Consistent quality and service at BobbyQ. Did not see the roasted brussel sprouts on the menu but plenty of other options. Shared the Whole Hog with Nephew and Son had the Smokehouse Burger. Lunch menu on weekdays is cheaper but still reasonable if looking for a great weekend meal.

The Whole Hog if a lot of food. Choice of two half slabs of pork ribs, two additional meats and three sides. Corn muffins and doughnuts served with the meal. More than enough for a shared meal. Put this one on your list. Yelp check in earns 10 percent off your bill."
"You know it's serious BBQ when there is a hand washing sink in the dining room.  We like the service, love the combo plates!  Oddly tender BEEF RIBS.  Don't let the location scare you folks! Parking is good and safe and the place itself is pretty up scale!  A solid choice and lots of fun.  ..that sink"
"Amazing experience with outstanding food and service.  We had a party of 4 while visiting from Seattle.  We wanted real barbque and checked Yelp for reviews.  Based on the great reviews we tried it.  We had it all!  Chicken, brisket, top sirloin, fried chicken, corn bread, salads and roasted corn!   I never had to wait for a refill of soda or water and the server truly served w a great smile.  The manager checked in with us and was a joy to speak with.  Thanks for the great meal, highly recommended."
Best BBQ in AZ. Jackson from take out was an absolute sweetie pie you guys should give him a raise!!
"Wow.   I love Bobby Mcgees from when I was 19 years old on my fake ID in San Ramon California I had no idea this place was connected to it and I'm so excited 30 years later to be eating here

Our server is so nice.   Shelby is the best 

The food is great and they let you try the ribs before you buy.    It's obvie why they have 4.5 stars"
"I'll be honest, this place has excellent BBQ. Although, couldn't say the same about their customer service. My daughter is graduating from college (first our family so BIG accomplishment) and she wanted to go to this restaurant afterwards for lunch. I called a week in advance to place a reservation on Thursday, April 25th at approximately 1 pm. (Mistakenly, I did not write down the name of the woman I spoken.) After I gave her the details pertaining the reservation, she asked me for a credit card. Quite shocked, I asked if there would be a cancellation fee or anything like that. She told me no and I was boggled. I kept asking why my credit card information was needed and she danced around the subject for a while. Finally, she told me there was a ""no call no show"" fee (basically a cancellation fee). 

After a lot of prodding, she finally explained that my credit card would be charged $10 each person if my party failed to show up. A PARTY OF 14 PEOPLE. Once again, boggled. 

In conclusion, I will not be taking my business back to this establishment as they have tried to scam me and my family. The women on the phone was VERY reluctant to tell me the full picture and I had to pry for an answer. 

Just wanted to share my experience so no one else gets scammed by Bobby Q's and this ridiculous policy."
"The beef brisket is so good and tender
The pulled chicken is also really good.


I had the catfish last time and it was ok, I would stick to the Bbq. 

The cornbread is the bomb and the donuts are a great dessert. 

I love the potato salad, mashed potatoes and the mac and cheese."
"Great BBQ joint. I don't eat red meat and the vegetation options were fantastic. The soup and all the sides and especially the dessert donuts are fantastic.

Our servers, Alex and Joel were very attentive and kept us well taken care of. We had a big group and they managed it well. 

I will definitely be back!"
"This is my new favorite BBQ restaurant. The service is excellent, the food is very delicious, and the price is right. The BBQ beef brisket is tender, the pork and chicken BBQ is very tasty and the BBQ sauce is better than any I've ever had elsewhere. As a parting gift the waiter gave us a bag of fresh warm doughnuts. Wonderful dining experience."
"So we went to Bobby's tonight with my family. Been in Phoenix since November and this it's hands down the best bbq I've had. Tonight's experience was outstanding. We got there 7 minutes before close and asked if we would still be able to order. The young man's reply who was working the counter... 'ABSOLUTELY!' I have a thing for their cornbread and dude hooked us up. So we pay and leave...and when we get outside, car trouble. I go to ask if it would be possible to leave it until the morning because no matter what we do, we can't get it started. Dude says, sure but let me see if I can give you a jump...talk about full service."
Best barbecue in town by far. Brisket melts in your mouth. The pork ribs fall off the bone. Have not had a bad bite of food. Take out is just as delicious as eating in.
Good food and service.      Salads were outstanding. Ribs were great as always.   Salmon was spectacular.
"Love Bobby Q, glad they opened a location in the east valley. Used to drive over to the north Phoenix location, but not its right in the neighborhood. The wings are some of my favorites in town"
"We had not been here for a few years, so was disappointed that it's not the same vibe.  It feels like a franchise with its plastic marketing menus and lack of personality.  We each had $40 steaks and it was as if we were at Roadhouse, which umm, no.  Meat was dry, we received like 5 vegetables and the loaded baked potatoe was blah....how do you run a baked potato?

BobbyQs used to be a destination spot....now I'd rather be at Little Miss BBQs with it's great personable service and character, and much better food!!"
"This place is over rated. The food was cold, the brisket was dry, the baked potato looked like it was from last week. The potato salad, corn bread and cinnamon donuts were very good. The prices are soooooo inflated for what you get. 
Do not give this place a try, you can find BBQ at many other restaurants the taste much better for much less.
The staff is excellent, they are so friendly and knowledgeable of the menu."
"Better than Wagyu I had at Roka Akor in Scottsdale 

Hubby and I stopped here for lunch after reading the reviews on Yelp. I ordered the prime rib and shrimp chimichurri combo. Husband ordered 2 meat combo with chicken and brisket. Both meals were OUT OF BOUNDS. My prime rib was BETTER than the $250 Wagyu I ordered at Roka Akor. Waaaay better. Drinks are equally outstanding. I had an old fashioned that was yum. Serina-thank you for the phenomenal top-notch service! Good luck on your test next Saturday!!! And manager Joanna-thank you for quickly responding to meat readiness. I wanted it a little less red and it was resolved in minutes. No waiting!!! The food, drink and service were incredible.  Will tell everyone I know to come here."
"Great 5star food, but it's overpriced.  There are other lower priced bbq places in Phx that are just as good"
"Nothing much to say besides "" hands down top notch food and service!"". Ordered the Whole Hog Heaven between three grown man and left stuffed!  It was a good day!"
"This place has the best bbq I have had in Phoenix!! And I consider myself a bbq enthusiast. I ordered the full rack of St. Louis style ribs, which were tender, smoky and with that touch of sweetness that made these so delectable. I also say their potato salad is so smooth, creamy and light, very tasty. Service was great, and my wife enjoyed her food also. We also loved the complimentary little mini cinnamon sugar donuts freshly made that they send you off with! This place is awesome and I will be back to eat more!"
"If you're ever cravin' some good ribs, steak, burgers... come down to Bobby Q's! My partner and I went here for date night and we were not disappointed. I ordered the ribs and they were dripping with flavor! My significant other had the burger with bacon (of course I had more than a few bites of his) and we both agreed it was the juiciest burger on the block. The macaroni and baked potato were SO delightful. It was a pretty busy evening for Bobby Q's but they managed very well by tending to their customers in a timely manner. 

Their club opens at 11, we had seen people lining up to go in as we left, so you know it must be poppin'. We haven't came here for the club portion, but let my food go down and sooner than you know it I'll be out on the dance floor. Overall, we had a wonderful night; great atmosphere, awesome service & superb food. We even got little doughnuts as a dessert when we left. We will definitely be coming back! And I can't even wait until we come back because it was that good."
"Amber was our waitress sooooo nice patient pleasant and very helpful!!!!
The food was the best can't wait to come back hoping Amber will be our waitress again!!!!"
"Crazy good and delicious. Hey, it's barbecue, so yup what you expect is what you get. Definitely one of the tastiest BBQ places I've been to."
"Bobby Q's....what great bbq... My husband and I were in Austin specifically for bbq and this place did not disappoint.  We arrived there in the middle of the day, so no wait at all.  We were helped right away.

The bbq here was amazing. It was sauced perfectly and the sides of coleslaw and beans were so good.  the staff was friendly and helped us right away.

We'll definitely be back."
What more do you want? History? Been at that location for I don't know how long. Atmosphere? 1st rate of service? Nice people? Fun? Oh of course fantastic food!
"Went here for an after wedding dinner, ordered a steak well done(deal with it) steak came out 45 minutes later and was the definition of a rare/raw. When I told the waiters about it they took my steak back, without an apology. Asked if I'd like anything else. I said no because everyone else was eating and didn't want to wait another 45 minutes for my meal. Manager came out and asked if I would like anything else, again no apology. This place is trash go to Texas road house, heck even outback is a better place than this. Don't waste your time here. Plenty of better places to eat"
"Don't usually write a review but had to do it after the food and the service. We ordered five kinds of meat and it was all delicious. Our server, Dylan, was also super nice and accommodating and just overall made it a great experience. I would describe him as a better looking Chris Pratt, so if you see him in the restaurant try to sit at a table served by him. #DinnerWithaView"
"A couple of facts about me:
 
I'm a native of AZ. I've only been to the Grand Canyon a few times. This was my first visit to Bobby Q.

I can't believe it took me so long. I have sampled their BBQ at events, but this is my first visit to their establishment. So being a native, I grew up going to Bobby McGee's (one of owner Bob Sikora's original endeavors here in the Valley). In 2005, he turned his attention to BBQ and opened up Bobby Q. You can smell the meat smoking as you get out of your car in the parking lot. The menu has a variety of meats to choose from like tender brisket, pulled pork, chicken, prime rib, steaks, fish and burgers. The brisket and pork is slow cooked for hours at a low temperature. They smoke their meat with Almond and Mesquite wood and use a nice blend of spices for the dry rub. For BBQ sauce, Bobby Q has both a sweet and spicy Carolina sauce available. They have a variety of sides to choose from for your entree but I highly recommend their cheesy mac & cheese. It's so gooey and delicious! My sliced-brisket sandwich was amazing and I savored each bite. If you aren't a meat lover (why would you come here if not?), the Biltmore location has a some vegan dishes and other healthy options on the menu. Bobby Q is known for their famous corn bread that is complimentary if you order something. They are really good (especially with butter on it) and are made fresh daily. Each table also gets a complimentary bag of fresh-made mini doughnuts dipped in cinnamon sugar for the ride home (mine didn't make it to the car). Overall, prices are very reasonable and portions are large. This was a fun experience and I look forward to future visits. The restaurant can be a little loud at times but it does have a fun community feel to it. In addition to the Biltmore location, Bobby Q also has a location in Mesa."
"So on yelp it says the Bobby Q is open till 10 PM we took a Lyft from our hotel to this place, got here at 9PM only to be told that they're not open and that they closed at 9pm and that it depends on location. when I stated to her that it was this location that it said they were open till 10 she didn't have a response and so if you're trying to come here......DON'T"
Excellence in food and service.  Worth the drive to get there & the wait for a table. Malbec paired with baby back ribs & beef brisket is excellent. Staff so courteous & engaging.  Manager came to greet & welcome us & gave us a complimentary dessert - apple Cobbler.  Corn bread & donuts are really good also.  Wonderful dining experience.
"Jason , Danna, an Thomas was the bomb !! I would come back ! I enjoyed myself! I will recommend BobbyQs always!!"
"Absolutely the best I've ever had!! We always eat well when we're traveling for work and this place just became my favorite BBQ restaurant ever! The atmosphere is great, the staff is super friendly and a blast to talk to, and the FOOD is simply amazing!! A must try if your in the area and I can't wait to come back!! You guys rock!!"
Lindsey was an amazing waitress when we came to Bobby Q's. She was so nice and was on top of everything. Our food was amazing and we had a great time. Definitely coming again and bringing friends:)
"Our waiter was dynomite, he took care of all our special requests and questions, he deserves 5 stars!
We had the brisket and pork sliders both were great but particularly the brisket. For sides we had Mac and cheese and the coleslaw. Coleslaw was to die for, not loaded with mayo and had crushed pecans on top, just fantastic.
BTW, the fries are fresh and the shoestring variety, very good as well.
A great happy hour, don't just drive by this place it's worth the visit."
The best barbecue place in town!!  Great food and great service.  We will definitely go here again.
"Always a favorite, tried the brisket rolled tacos which were delish! Steak was perfectly cooked and the cornbread is to die for!"
"I was impressed with the overall atmosphere of the establishment! The food was spot on and I was helped by the most lovely, fun and energetic server, Samantha! Highly recommend coming here all the time!"
"If you prefer wet brisket, this is your place. I like burnt ends, and that wasn't an option here. Felt like I was eating a pot roast. The other food wasn't particularly amazing, but the cocktails were fabulous and the service was great. For four of us with drinks, an appetizer, dinner and tip was almost $200. It just wasn't worth the splurge to me."
BBQ is quite tasty! Ask for the spicy bbq sauce.  The only item I did not care for was the grilled corn. The server described it as being cut from the cob. However it tasted as if it had been cut from the cob a long time ago and sat in a reheating situation.
"We met with Jason French at the beginning of this year for catering service for our daughters October wedding.  We got to sample everything that day and choose a menu and a provided a tentative head count.

For the months leading up to the wedding, he was always available and willing to accommodate our requests and changes even up to the week of the wedding.  Out of all of our vendors, he was always the one that I could count on for a prompt reply and as busy as he was, he never rushed our conversations.  He always made me feel like our phone call was a priority for him.

The service staff that showed up to the wedding was there on time (actually about 10 mins earlier than we expected) and was ready to work. when they were done setting up the station they pitched in and helped us set up our other banquet tables.  They were so helpful during the entire event - moving tables around, beverage service, restocking the drink troughs, cleaning up, and even helping us with the breakdown.  They always ask what more they could help with.  Even at the end, they would not leave until they were sure that we didn't need help with anything else!

The food was AMAZING! The brisket was tender, the pulled chicken was juicy and tender as well. The food was also served piping hot! Our guests raved about the food and couldn't say enough good things about it.  

Thank you so much for helping make the wedding perfect!"
"Ive been twice now first time I had the tacos, second time I ribs and Mac and cheese, both meals were so good. I highly recommend this place."
Stuck in the hospital in Phoenix last month and our amazing friends brought us a takeout smorgasbord from Bobby's...we hadn't physically been there in almost 2 years and the uber-high standard is definitely being maintained.
"The dance floor was live and on fire, so much fun. If you want to enjoy some good music and get your dance on this is the place"
"This is the best BBQ in town. Very nice place! The service here was amazing and very attentive to our table, even though they were busy.. Our orders  came out on perfect  time and it served warm and fresh. We had a good choice of entrees and appetizers and everyone  was very happy with our delicious meals.  The manager checks  on us many times to make sure we're having a great time. I will definitely be returning here again."
It's Ight could be better didn't like That you can sit in the kitchen and order unsanitary
"The bbq was excellent, I suggest getting the 2 Meat Combo to see what the place is all about. Plenty of parking. Good place for family or date night, good cocktails. Basically enough said"
"Yay another great experience with delivery! Everything was hot, fresh and delicious! The ribs were flavorful and fall off the bone tender. The cornbread,beans,coleslaw and Mac cheese was yummy. Hubby loved the beans and mom is super picky about cornbread but loved the sweet moist muffins. Definitely lives up to the reviews and word of mouth recommendations!"
"We were there tonight around 6:30-7:00.
 I wanna give 5 stars because the food was great, our sever was just fine....BUT our experience there has us NOT wanting to go back. Two things: First of all it was so HOT in there...and we were not the only ones using our menue to fan ourselves, I even saw a Lady using her TO GO box as a fan! Second the hostess service was awful! The girls working up front, the ones  seating folks and the one taking  reservations all seemed to have shitty attitudes (maybe they were hot too).
Oh and I'd like to add a suggestion...STOP seating folks at the table by the rotisserie for Gods sakes!!!!! None of your customers want to sit there!!! (Especially in summer months). They tried to seat us there tonight ....NO Way...we've sat there (felt like a punishment, like it is the place you put customers you don't care about....worst table in the place!! We paid our dues...we've sat there!!! LoL. The food is great...customer service lacked big time tonight! Being in a hot resturant was very uncomfortable!!!
I do wanna say we have been there many times often bringing family and friends to this place where the food is so yummy. Service is usally good and  if ya dont get stuck at that rotisserie table it is pretty comfortable there. Thanks!"
"OMG. Just ate there, here from California to watch Dodgers, every single thing was delious. Ribs just tell off the bone and good flavor. Corn bread yummy and doughnuts they have at end of meal. Hope to go back before I leave."
Best BBQ I've ever had. Amazing appetizer! Strongly recommend the Q Rolls!!! Also the meal was fantastic. The sauce was the perfect and sweet. Also to top it off they give amazing donuts at the end. I don't have one complaint.
"My husband and I were recommended this place by our hotel manager. We just landed from out of state and so far we have not been disappointed. Bobby Qs was the perfect ""first meal""! Our server Isaac was beyond helpful and immediately offered his favorites, as well as crowd favorites. He recommended the Q rolls, steak sandwich,  ribs, and old fashioned (drink), we tried them all and couldn't have been happier! He was a top notch server and made our experience unforgettable. Highly recommend if your in town."
"While we were in town, I had a hankering for some ribs and thought I'd try this place based on the many positive reviews it garnered.

Location & Aesthetics - Located just off the I-17 somewhere I believe in the Glendale area of Phoenix.  Lots of available parking in an enclosed private lot. 
The place has a rustic look and feel to it.  Very spacious inside, clean including the bathrooms, and well lit.   

Menu - menus were quite extensive though my wife and I already knew what we wanted as we had a chance to review their menu online before meeting our friends there.  Menu was self-explanatory and easy to find what one needed, not too overwhelming.

Service - The staff was very friendly.  We were greeted immediately upon entering and was shown a large table to accommodate my wife and I including our friends who had two boys with them.  
I did have a gripe with the table we were seated at as it was a bit wobbly and thankfully my wife noticed too.  It wasn't too bad to shift our meals around so no loss on the ratings.  
Before the meals are brought, they do serve some cornbread with butter in the meantime and though I didn't try it, my wife said it was tasty, delicious, and not too dry or too greasy.

Food - I ordered the full rack of baby back ribs with vegetables and roasted corn.  Initially when I first saw the full rack of ribs I thought I wouldn't be able to eat it but I surprised myself.  My ribs was well cooked and was practically falling off the bone.  It was soft, tender, and juicy and you could even taste the smokiness to the meat.  The roasted corn was well seasoned, more than enough and came in a bowl.  The roasted vegetables that I ordered was lacking and only consisted of a few vegetable that looked like it was about a tablespoonful.  (-1)
My wife ordered the three-meat dish and it was so much that we had to take a bag back to the hotel.  She did comment on how well and delicious it was. 

Rating - 3/5.  The restaurant loses another star/rating based on a small issue.  
After the bills were brought to the table and the waitress ran my credit card, I asked if I can use my Yelp coupon and she stated that I couldn't do so as ""the card had already been run"" which I don't believe.  I couldn't see why she couldn't cancel it and re-run the card with the coupon. (-1)
Despite the 3/5, it's definitely a place I'd like to come back to try some of their pulled pork sandwiches which is what my friends had and looked absolutely delicious!"
"I grew up in Minnesota, and prior to me moving to a more southern state, the only barbecue I had was famous Dave's (which I am not a fan of). This place is on par with Famous Dave's. So on track to sub par.

I ordered delivery through Grubhub. I asked for the BBQ sauce on the side, yet it was coated with sauce. I also asked for a spicy sauce, and received a sweet sauce. I haven't physically been to this place so not sure what the BBQ sauce options are, but they could have at least put the sickly sweet diabetic making sauce on the side like I asked. At least Famous Dave's has a spicy sauce option.

The meat would have been good if it wasn't slathered in a sauce I didn't like. And I am a regular grubhubber, so I know the restaurant can view the ordering comments. 

Also, the man n cheese was really dry. 

And maybe my review is a little harsh, since I am used to the delicious BBQ of KC. 

Not sure if I would be willing to give this place another try."
We had such a great time at Bobby Q tonight. Sharli was our waitress and we had such great service!  She was attentive and kind all through our meal.  Super place!
We have been to Bobby Qs a number of times and we have always experienced great service and food.  Manager always checks on us.  Drinks are never empty.  They are typically busy but the service stays consistent.
"Best barbecue ever!!! I thought Texas BBQ was tops in my book but that has changed. Had the beef ribs, sausage, brisket, baby back ribs, mashed potatoes, broccoli, and Mac n cheese. All delicious!! Makes me wanna slap my mamma! 
The service was exceptional!!"
Our server Orlando was AMAZING! Very attentive...5 stars for him but the food wasn't enough for the price AND the grilled vegetables had no flavor. That's why i give it 4 stars. However i would consider going back...ribs and sauce was very tasty!
Awesome food!! My one and only spot for BBQ!! I am basically addicted! Our waitress Chelsea was awesome! Very curious  and charming! Ask for her when you come!
"Food was awesome, but we sat outside and there was a swarm of flies by our food constantly. Other than that restaurant was super cool and unique. Definitely gonna sit inside next time."
Everything is absolutely DELICIOUS! Highly recommend the brisket and mashed potatoes are my favorite. Make sure you save room for their homemade donuts at the end!
"If you like country music this is your place. I had the brisket platter with a side of mac n cheese. Came with cornbread. Also ordered sweet tea. Cornbread wasn't special, kinda dry. Brisket was thick cut (I like mine thinner). It was tender and dry at the same time even though it looked moist. As a side note I actually like a little fat on mybrisket. The BBQ sauce was ok and needed. The mac n cheese was bland and thicker than it should be. The best thing was the sweet tea. I got the platter because I was going to get a to go back to my hotel room but even though I spent $22 on the meal it wasn't worth taking. So sad........"
"Love this place.. we sit at the bar. Nice people very attentive and very good food.
Save room for donuts at the end."
"Came here for dinner tonight and it was absolutely wonderful. We are traveling from california so we stopped by here and we were not disappointed. It has a great atmosphere, great food, and wonderful service. We had the market green salad, Cesar salad, smoked wings for appetizers. Then had ribery steak, filet, baby back ribs! Everything was full of flavor. Working in hospitality myself I was definitely not disappointed. Will definitely be back when we come to Arizona again!"
"Let me start my review with one word and I'm not even sure if it's even a real word, WOW! There is no hype with the reviews here. They are all legit! The 2 meat platters are amazing, the appetizers rock, and the drinks were perfectly mixed.

Blake was our server and he was very attentive. The food came out fast, hot an delicious. 

Jack, the general manage personally came out to check on us and to make sure we were 100% satisfied. 

The four of us are all from New Jersey and this restaurant made the trip all the way to Phoenix Arizona worthwhile. Keep up the great work staff!"
"Great BBQ!! Our waiter Travis was friendly and made great recommendations! 3 of us shared the Whole Hog Heaven and Q rolls, and still had leftovers. Can't wait to come back!"
The best BBQ in arizona. I recommend this place food was awesome and the service was a 10.
"I visited this location last night with an ***acquaintance***. My first issue was my server needed to check my ID, fine, not an issue. My issue is he grabbed my ID and moved to the other side of the table holding my ID down and very close to the person across the table in clear view. IDs contain personal info, such as an ADDRESS!!!!!!!! He held my ID so long that this person I was out with could have taken down my address. Need training on proper measurements and safety precautions when checking IDs. 

Moving on, the drinks weren't good to me.. I tried 3 different drinks, The Hammer (or whatever), that drink that comes in a pineapple, and some sangria type drink in a jar with blueberries.. yeah, just no! All three?! Come on.. a better drink menu please. 

Lastly, we move into my meal. It was pretty good. Had the salmon dinner.

Now, the lady Alicia ( not sure if I spelled it right) I'm assuming she's the manager, was great came over twice to ask if the drinks were better and make sure the food was tasting good. Very nice lady"
It's unfortunate that I'm writing this review just because this used to be my favorite restaurant in the valley to go to. I was there recently and the service was terrible. I had asked multiple times for our server and then once we get our server it took over an hour for us to get our food. The server came up to us about every 20 minutes saying it's because I ordered a well-done burger. Unfortunately I haven't been back since and probably won't be.
Fantastic food! Great atmosphere! Front seat girls a little snappy probably cuz they were slammed. The food is worth the attitude!
"My husband told me that Bobby Q is on the top 100s for best Barbecue in the US but I say top 10 and the best in the world for Mac and cheese! The service is always top notch! I have said before I never really liked smoked food but it's so perfect here and the barbecue sauce is so good! Thanks to the chefs and wait staff for another great experience! 






Okay 11 months later and once again had best BBQ meal. Heads down the best service in town the Manager was on the floor with a smile, very pleasant and making sure the customers were happy. Our waiter recommended an appetizer that was so good. I hope that more people will come try the Greatest BBQ in AZ!!!"
Our favorite BBQ in the Phoenix area. Upscale and unique. Great brisket. A real treat.
Kevin and Jose were extremely helpful and catered to every need that I had throughout the night and I am going to request them every time I come!!
I LOVE Bonny Q's!! Best BBQ in Phoenix!! I travel a lot and eat barbecue everywhere I go and this is still my favorite spot. I love the three happy hour tacos for $5 you cannot beat that and then I always take the brisket to go as it's so amazing and falls part of your mouth yum yum yum!!
"Had dinner tonight, Jason the bartender was knowledgeable,fun and fun to talk to. I'll br be back to see him!"
"Get the burger!  The way they grind the meat, the flavors, the sauce. It's probably the best burger in the area by far"
"Whew chillay. AMAZING!!!! is all I can say. From start to finish (still here BTW, couldn't wait) as soon as we walked in...we were greeted with a smile and seated immediately. Our first waiter before moving to the bar area (happy hour only in the bar area) asked had we ever been here, we have not. He gave us a nice rundown. Asked about happy hour and moved us to the bar so we could partake.  Our next waitress, Jessica, came over and explained to us similarly after we told her we've never been. She gave me a drink rec, the princess peach. It was so good I ordered it twice. She brought complimentary corn bread. PHENOMENAL. Some of the best if not THEE best cornbread I've ever had. We ordered our food, it came faster than we anticipated. We both ordered the brisket sandwich and Mac and cheese. The brisket was sooo tender. The Mac was sooo creamy and cheesy. If you're ever in the area of a Bobby Q please come. You don't regret it. We haven't left yet but they give mini donuts to go. Looking forward to those as well!"
"Having lived in town for over 10 years, I'm almost embarrassed to say that I've never been to Bobby Q before, it's somewhat of a Phoenix icon. They've been around for forever it seems, everybody's been there and when you ask about good BBQ spots, they're always in the top 5 on just about everyone's list and top 1 for many. This, my friends changed a few weeks ago, and certainly glad it did.

I invited my nephew out, a picky eater who's list of acceptable meals can be counted on about 11 fingers, but luckily, BBQ is one of them and I decided on Bobby Q. They've got a full bar, everything you're expect on a proper BBQ menu, pulled pork, ribs, brisket, potatoes, mac and cheese, corn bread and a few veggie sides. I really was craving both pulled pork and brisket this visit, but didn't want to spend $30 for my meal, they were happy to accommodate my off the menu request of a sandwich with both brisket and pulled pork, what an awesome way to treat an unusual request. I've been to places that don't like to accommodate and it's super cool that they're not one of them.

They brought the check out and along with it, a bag of fresh mini donuts, two per person. I was drooling over theses bit sized delights as I walked is and saw them cooking them up fresh, but I rarely order dessert out at restaurants, what a cool way to say thanks for coming in. Overall I'd put Bobby Q up at my second or third spot on my personal list, but number one is the type of spot that cooks up their food for the day, opens at 10 am, closes when they sell out for for the day at 1 pm and always has a 30 minute long line of people; not convenient for a dinner on a Tuesday evening.

Thanks for the delicious meal Bobby, not sure what took me so long to come in, but I'm sure I'll be back at some point down the line."
Always great drinks and great food!! Love to come here and get my BBQ on!!! Mac and cheese so creamy!!!
The Q-Rolls were amazing! I would get that as my meal next time. My husband got the ribs and loved them!! I got the pulled pork sandwich and it was a little dry.. I would get something else next time. The sides were all delicious and we were so full at the end.
"After reading several reviews about how good the brisket was I decided I had to try it. I went over on a Friday afternoon and sat at the bar. They had the lunch menu and their dinner menu and I noticed the lunch brisket was only around three dollars less expensive then the brisket platter. The bartender said that the dinner platter was a better value so that's what I went with. I opted for the fries and the coleslaw as the two sides. I have to say the brisket was amazing. Not only was it very tender but it was not at all dried out like so many other places that I have tried. Even people from Texas would be impressed.  My only minor complaint was the fries could have been crispier. I also have to say that I really like their ice tea as well. 

There are so many interesting options on the menu I deafly will be coming back to this place to try them out.  

I haven't been to Bobby Q's for a few years. The last time was meeting up with friends from work for a going away party. They had a special room in the back for us. The appetizers we had were very good.

This place has really nice atmosphere. It would be a great place to bring somebody for that first date. Service is also very good. When I was finished the bartender gave me a fresh iced tea to go. That was greatly appreciated on a hot day. 

Their busiest day of the year was Father's Day. I was there at about 2:30 pm and the wait was between an hour and a half and hour and 45 minutes long so I didn't stay but I knew I would have to come back soon. And I'm glad I did."
"Every time I pass this place on I-17 it smells amazing but, I won't eat there because the bartenders ripped me off! It's a darn shame... To Chef Mark; I had a review on FB and it got quite a bit of likes and comments, mostly Latino's, same as me. Nobody from Bobby Q's ever reached out until you did. Times are changing and people are taking their monies elsewhere, like me! Little Miss BBQ has always treated me with respect as well as all the people of different color that I was in line with. I'm tired of patronizing business that don't want or respect people of color. I earned my money and won't ever go back period."
Very good food and drinks we met friends here My only thing is we drive from where we live in Old Town Scottsdale it was a long drive on a week day so for that reason I would go to the Bobby' q in Mesa next time much closer that being said I found the smoked beef brisket to be Devine!! Super tender melted in my mouth I opted for the French fries as my side dish they were cut in thin strip and fried to perfection good Chardonnay wine list I was very impressed as I thought yay just another so called bbq joint boy was I wrong looking forward to dining at Bobby'q soon and the service was great
"The food is always spot on, never a miss! I will continue to go back and anytime I'm in the mood for some wood fired ribeye!"
"Wish I could give less than a 1 star, the absolute most racist disgusting place I ever been to in my life, this white guy told me my pants are too baggy, now mind you my pants are not sagging, I have a belt on, and I'm fashionably fly. Stay away from here if you black and not wearing nut hugging pants, they will discriminate, never seen nothing so racist in my life, you can have this crap in Phoenix, I'm glad in going back to Atlanta where we own the city."
Make a reservation this place gets packed. Great food and drinks!!! The dessert donuts are delicious!!!
Ok so back again and the weather was beautiful so we asked to be seated in the patio area. Great service!! Great food!! We really do enjoy this place...we just figure on not going during the summer months maybe.
"Wanted to try but they refused to seat us, even on the patio, because we had a dog with us. Obviously not a dog friendly place unless u have documents to show them the dog is a service dog."
"Back again. Tonight I had the country fried chicken stEak. It was great.  Mus



1st time here. Recommended by a friend.  This place is awesome. Great atmosphere & service is good.  Food is amazing. The orange blossom beer is great. Complimentary corn bread and butter cones out hot.  Q-rolls -  brisket stuffed egg rolls are amazing. For the entree I ordered the 2 meat combo with sausage and pulled pork. Baked potato loaded and ranch beans on the side.  Delicious!   The food is outstanding here.   5 stars. If your in Phoenix you have to st

Back again"
"The bbq was good. Plenty of parking. Good place for family or date night, good cocktails. Basically enough said. Go!"
