"This place lives up to the hype 100%

I arrived 15 mins before it opened and there was still a line. But the owner came out to greet people and gave out sausage samples.

Things I had a chance to try
Turkey: not one part of that turkey was dry. I'm not a big fan of turkey but I would definitely order this again 
Brisket: the fatty brisket was my favorite. Tender and moist, it just melts in your mouth.
Pork Rib: they literally fell off the bone it was so tender.

As for sides I enjoyed the cheesy grits more than the beans. Both were good.

The pecan pie is worth grabbing. Good balance of sweetness and the crust is flakey, intact, and scrumptious. 

Normally I don't care for service, but this place was amazing.

Would come back for sure."
"fatty brisket = best thing like ever

They vacuum seal meat too if you ask nicely! Its the best way to transport BBQ anywhere. 

Take friends and family brisket. They will love you forever."
"Was in town for work and decided to stop by here before my flight back home to Dallas. Really good BBQ. I had the Chopped Brisket (Fatty Brisket was out), ribs and sausage. All good. Love their mustard sauce."
"BBQ done right. Everything everyone has ever said about this place is true. Amazing food. If you plan on going, make sure you have at least 2-3 hours of your day blocked out because you'll be standing in line for a good hour waiting. Is it worth? I'd say so. I heard there's a second location popping up around the west valley and I am excited for that one."
Tried it for the five star review and the BBQ craving I was suffering and it was great! Excellent food and great staff.
"On occasion they have smoked lambs necks. I love my lamb, and this is so good as to bring tears to my eyes. A whole neck is a bunch of eating, and some work, as you have to get the meat off the bones, but it's entirely worth it. I crave the next time I can get one of the lamb necks."
"We arrived at about 10:10 am after reading reviews about this place. We were greeted by the owner's father who was attending the parking lot. He offered and grabbed us mini water bottles because it was already getting warm while we waited. We even had a little chat with him regarding his recommendations. Customer service was already impressive. 

Just so you know, if you don't get here early, you will be waiting in your car on the street just to get a spot inside. You've been warned. This place is literally in the middle of nowhere in some industrial area, but you won't regret coming here. Luckily while we were waiting, we were under an awning so the wait wasn't too dreadful in the Arizona heat. They opened up on the dot at 11 am and we were in. We ordered the fatty brisket(highly recommended), beef ribs, pulled pork, pork spare ribs, and sausage. Everything was pretty darn good, but the fatty brisket was theeee best. I think next time we go, we're definitely getting a LOT more of the fatty brisket. The sides were decent, and I actually enjoyed their grits. It tasted a lot like mashed potatoes.  

I also highly recommend the smoked pecan pie for dessert. It was superb. You won't regret it. The staff is family owned and run so they're super friendly and will come and talk to you at your table while you eat to ask how everything is or if you need anything. You almost feel like you're at a family gathering. 

The seating is limited inside, but this is one of those order, eat, and leave kind of spots, so by the time you are up to the counter and order your food, there is a chance for an open table. So if you go, don't sit around after eating and have a long deep conversation with friends. There are people outside waiting in 100 degree weather wanting to eat in a nice air conditioned room, sit, and enjoy their food too. Don't be that group.

Overall, this place has great customer service, the staff is friendly and warm, and the food is amazing. Give this establishment a try, you won't regret it. Just get there early."
"I am speechless. I am without words to properly describe this place. Everything about this place is amazing. The staff, the food, everything. I ate one meal today and I made it count by getting the 2-meat plate with brisket and ribs with grits and beans as the sides. The ribs had to be my favorite, but my mind was blown by the jalapeño cheddar grits, and then lord the brisket and beans. Oh hell, who am I kidding I can't put these in any order. Eat everything here. I don't know who Bekke is, but she's got one hell of a pecan pie named after her."
I give them four stars because their customer service was out of this world and their pecan pie is to die for. We got the ribs plate and it was alright juicy smoked but I have had better barbecue at other establishments overall they were great they did run out of brisket before we got there around 2 p.m.
"Every thing you have heard about this place is true!!!

Yep, there's a Long Line every day!
You bet it's kinda outa the way. 
Of course it's not a shinny corporate box restaurant.
Forget about dinner here it's usually sold out and closed by 3pm
I recommend patients in the parking lot.
I would be lying if I didn't admit its some of the finest que in the country!

If you can, wait in line for it, it's worth it! Bring a friend or have your lunch meeting in line. Try a few things, I loved the turkey, and sausages, the brisket was mighty fine as well, but the house made Pastrami is like no other. All of the sides are great, and soda is served in a can. It's not cheap, but worth every penny!"
Had the brisket with slaw and grits. 5 starts without a doubt. Can't wait to try more of their menu! Highly recommend.
"Absolutely the best bbq in the state! I hate that it's so far and the wait is out of control. Every time I go I get the brisket and wait 45-90mins to get food. Only other frustrating thing - they sometimes run out of the brisket.
Love the food!!"
Best BBQ. I have died and gone to heaven. Best customer service. Stop what you're doing and go now.
You know the food is good when you scoop up grits and it forms a heart. Truly amazing barbecue!
"Another great meal, got there late so had chopped brisket and sausage with pecan pie to top it off , great meal"
"I wrote a review back in Feb. and been enjoying consistently great BBQ. So why am I authoring another review well not surprisingly there is an added menu course - dessert! While there are no choices I want ""Bekke's"" pecan pie. Yes it sells out just like everything at Little Miss! What a tasty not too sweet house made treat - try it!
FYI recall Bekke is Scott's 'bride'!"
I am not a BBQ connoisseur but I have eaten at many BBQ places. This is as good as it gets for me. Hands down the best I have ever had in my opinion. The best brisket if you can get some before they run out.
"Whoa! This was an unexpected last meal while in town. Yelp helped me sort restaurants,  and when I saw BBQ towards the top of the list..decision was easy. 

The meats here are truly outstanding. Brisket was amazing...great crusty bark and beautiful smoke ring on the tender beef. The pork ribs have to be in my top 2 best of all time, up there with LA BBQ. The sausage went down nice and smooth. Not too spicy, good snap from the casing, and slightly coarse ground beef and pork blend. That's the texas trinity,  and I never expected to have it be so good in Arizona. Bravo!

Sides: I tried the beans, potato salad, and grits.  Beans were slightly too thick for me. Very hearty if you like it that way. Potato salad was a tiny bit undercooked.  Just personal preference for me..i like it easier to bite through. Grits were awesome though, really tasty!

Make sure to get here early. We arrived at 10:30AM on a Saturday and didn't sit down to eat till 12:30."
"Caught this place right before closing for the day. We were greeted with great customer service, and experienced this throughout our dining experience. The pulled pork was absolutely delicious, as was the sausage. The 3 BBQ sauces that are out for use are also delicious - especially the spicy one. The only side that we tried were the cheesy jalapeño grits. I highly recommend Little Miss BBQ. It's a well-run business with excellent food."
"Moist brisket is amazing! Got the two item combo plate, which was a great deal. Like a piggy, I had the pecan pie, which was also good, but way too much food for one person. The pulled pork was decent. Loved the cheese grits and beans were fine. I literally got the last of the pulled pork and moist brisket. Arrived at 11:50 am and got food just a little before 2 pm. I think I must have got lucky because I heard the guy giving update that he was surprised the most brisket lasted as long as it did! Denny was awesome in explaining he menu and giving the background on the BBQ. Would I recommend waiting 2 hours for it... no, but 1 hour is reasonable."
Delicious. I had the turkey and rib combo it was absolutely the best bbq I have ever had!
"I had a few hours to spare before my flight so I went on Yelp and searched for best lunch in Phoenix. Little Miss BBQ was near the top of the list with 5 stars and over 600 reviews. I pulled into the parking lot at 10:45 AM and saw there were at least 30 people on line and the parking lot was full. I had a feeling I stumbled into something magical. I was the first in line to wait for a spot. Little did I know that this special place in line would allow me to talk for about half an hour with Denny and hear the entire story behind Little Miss BBQ. I also learned that since it was Thursday, I was in for a treat because there was pastrami! After sampling the brisket and sausage, I truly felt that divine intervention led me here. Scott's enthusiasm and passion for his food is instantly contagious! I knew I needed to share this experience with my husband, but didn't know if I could get the food through airport security and back home to FL. Scott offered to vacuum seal my order so I could pack it in my suitcase. I was looking around to see if there were any video cameras and everyone was on their best behavior because they were being recorded. Nope, just a regular Thursday at Little Miss BBQ. I must have sat at my table for over an hour savoring every magical bite of ""fatty"" brisket, ""fatty"" pastrami and jalapeño cheddar grits. I couldn't tell you how their sauces taste because I didn't dare interfere with the flavor party already going on in my mouth. Scott and Denny both checked on me while I was sitting there to make sure I was enjoying my experience. I didn't ever want to leave. I felt like a VIP even though I was just a regular customer. Scott helped me pack up my leftovers. I took my leftovers along with my vacuum sealed to-go order And headed to the airport with grease on my chin and a huge smile on my face. When I returned the rental car, the attendant asked how my day was and I gushed about my lunch experience. He jokingly asked me if I brought him any and I handed him my leftovers. Felt blessed and grateful that I was able to pay it forward. So the short story is that I went somewhere for lunch and ended up with an unexpected life changing culinary experience. Not bad for a Thursday!"
"If i could give 6 stars, i would.  hands down the best brisket i have ever had. i have given up all other brisket at this point.  The vibe and the time they take is worth the wait.  People may complain about the wait but i like personal feeling i got as my piece of meat was cut for me. They do every thing right."
"Very good BBQ. I had ribs,pulled pork, link,brisket, turkey. I found the food very good but not on the level of great Texas BBQ. It is not Franklins. It is a very good 4 star BBQ. Rib meat just fell off bone; not enough pull and a bit too salty. Pulled park is just good. Brisket was solid but not great; albeit, they were out of fatty cut. Price is more than fair!  Beans were excellent. And nice people."
Came here for the first time today.. The pulled pork was amazing. Hands down some of the best bbq I've had in my life. The brisket was great too and the guys working there were all super friendly and awesome.
"To pile on to all the brisket rave reviews, seriously.  Go get some of their brisket!  All of the meats are delicious but it's my favorite.

And while the meat shone on its own and definitely didn't need it, the mustard sauce is very tasty.

Loved the outdoor patio with the picnic tables.  Plenty of parking. Super friendly staff too - it's obvious that they love what they do and love sharing it with everyone.

Definite repeat customer here :)"
"Best barbecue in Phoenix! They keep it simple with a handful of meats and sides and they're all really good, so you can't go wrong! Would recommend getting there early as there's a long line, not a lot of parking and the fatty brisket runs out fast!"
"So about a week and a half after having some of the best BBQ St. Louis has to offer (Pappy's for those in the know, check my prior reviews) I was back in AZ and ready for some. Having a week off and several friends who were fellow fans of BBQ I decided it was time to make the trip over to Little Miss while I was able to get there early and not have to wait long. Got there about 10:30 and by 11:10 I had a nice plate of juicy meat in front of me ready to go.

Lucky enough for me I came on a thursday which meant it was Pastrami day and a platter full of that, fatty brisket, beans, potato salad and an extra housemade sausage for good measure I was ready to indulge in all the essentials for BBQ.

I have to say I was blown away by the flavors and the tenderness of the meat hear. The pastrami was incredible with a blend of spices that was out of this world there was a distinct subtle sweetness that I couldn't put my finger but it was a hit probably the best I have ever had. The fatty brisket was just killer as well with a great tenderness and ton of great smoked flavor. The biggest compliment I can give these two meats is that while I tried them with the various sauces I preferred them without and I am usually the type to slather my BBQ in some sauce.

The homemade sausage was really good as well and work getting with some great flavor but was overshadowed by the others. The beans are more liked pulled pork with some beans added, in other words outstanding. The potato also didn't disappoint.

One of the staff also noticed my buddies 2 young children weren't eating anything when told they were picky eaters he said ""let me get the a rib to try kids tend to love them"" and he was nice enough to bring a rib for each youngster. While the kids still didn't go for it after a little test bite the rest of us decided to try and they were very good and fall apart tender as well. In the absence of the Pastrami I would pair the ribs and brisket in a heartbeat for a great meal.

The finishing touch was the pecan pie which while small is rich enough it should be shared but it will go quick as the smokey sweetness and flaky crust is perfect capper to a great meal.

Compared to Pappy's I may actually give the edge to Little Miss because of the Pastrami but it's neck and neck on ribs and brisket so the end result is that AZ has a BBQ spot that can go toe to toe with some of the best in the midwest.

Don't miss out and make the time to come here. It's worth the wait."
"Ok, this may be the best bbq I have ever had! The brisket is cooked perfectly. The sausage has bite but not too much with a hint of sweet. With a side of jalapeño grits and potato salad. I'm one happy camper. I give the 5 pigs and I don't give anyone a 5."
"Wow! All I got to try was the brisket because I got there at 2pm and they were almost completely sold out. 
That's when you know it's good. 

And it was very good. Like... VERY GOOD"
"OK...to start, they NEED a parking attendant at least an hour + BEFORE they open!  They open at 11am..first person arrived at 8:50 this morning.  There's a big rush for pick up orders  (check out the menus needs to be ordered well in advance!). That ""rush"" still means you wait in line..but the smell alone is WORTH it!  There's a bunch of covered area (while you wait) with heavy misters and the lot attendant (when not paying car-tetris) even offered cold bottled waters and sunscreen for the folks waiting out in the sun  (which by my count is about 60 ppl) under cover. THEN..they heighten the experience by bringing out samples (today sausage (I'm not a sausage gal- it was FANTASTIC-not too fatty, nice heat from the jalepeno & juicy)!  The owner very busy but very pleasant and even offered a ""smoker tour"" which was  visible from the line and helped break up the wait. 

Ok..so by now,  we've waited 2 HOURS..I don't think we've ever waited that long for any food (not even Joe's Stone Crab in Miami!)...finally we reach the inside to the most divine site..BBQ done right!  On the brisket we were offered a sample of the ""fatty"" kind (fatty-uhhh really?) Ok, here to say..even the fat was delicious! You have a choice on the brisket for lean, moist (fatty) or mixed. The ""fatty"" was the crisped, rendered & seasoned ""edges""..omgoodness yum! You have a choice of meats by the pound or 1-2 meat & sides. After hearing many ppl in line we skipped the sides and went all meat. and I'll tell you what.... the wait was WORTH EVERY MINUTE!! Absolutely the best BBQ EVER!

On top of succulent & juicy meat with incredible bark..they had their sauces (spicy, house and a spicy mustard) all very good but the meat didn't even need it.  You're asked if you'd like bread, side of sweet pickles, jalepeno and sliced white onions. We don't usually eat lots of bread but took a few sliced of the simple, plain white bread with the smoked, juicy turkey...along with the pickles & mustard..YUM!

Ok..so today they had lamb neck & beef short ribs (the beef short rib was about a pound each!) We felt like we'd waited so long we should try it all...the pork ribs (about 3 large ribs make up the pound), brisket, pulled pork, couple sausages & smoked turkey (can you say AMAZING). 

As we sat down we saw several cars PARKED in the turn lane...waiting to turn into the full lot...goodness!+

We talked to the owner on the way out...said he definitely needs to open one in Idaho! Will definitely keep this on our list when we return. Little Miss BBQ raised the bar-oh yeah!!"
"Their fatty brisket is my new warm happy place.  

Today is my 11th wedding anniversary, and my amazing wife suggested we try LMB for our anniversary celebration.  Am I the luckiest guy in the world or what?

Ok, the line sucks.  The parking sucks.  Doesn't matter.  One taste of the food and all that stuff melts away like the glistening hunks of delicious brisket melts in your mouth.

We tried the fatty brisket, pulled pork, sausage, pork ribs, and the daily special beef short ribs on the bone.  For sides, we got the beans, grits (amazing), and potato salad.  

All of the meats are wonderful, perfectly smoked with a peppery bark.  The beef rib was remarkably unctuous and flavorful.  The fatty brisket though.  Damn.  It's succulent, incredible, simply the best piece of BBQ I've ever experienced.  I literally am starting to drool as I write this review and am reminiscing on the brisket.

Oh...and here is a good tip...get the pickles.  They are fantastic and and provide a perfect sharp crispy cold counterpoint to the glorious meat candy.

The price is not cheap.  Doesn't matter.  They are using only prime meat and you can instantly tell the difference.  Their product is worth the premium.

Also, I can't forget about the good folks who run this joint.  Everyone we encountered was so nice and wore their passion for the BBQ proudly on their sleeves.  Special kudos to the older gentleman who was expertly orchestrating the parking lot & told us all about what to try and some of the history while we were in line, and also the guy working the smokers.  He invited my wife back to show her the process he uses with the brisket, what an awesome treat!

Ok, I've gone on long enough.  A gold star for you if you're still actually reading this far down in the review.  Why are you still reading this?  Get in your car & head downtown to LMB.  The line is already forming, hurry!"
"There are few truly 5 star places but I'll just reiterate what everyone has said. Tasty stuff with incredibly nice people. Multiple people asked if it was my first time, how my meal was and if there's anything they could do.

Do yourself a favor and go with someone else and order two plates with two meats. Try all four sides and all the meats. 

Brisket is certainly the highlight but the pulled pork is excellent and the turkey is very tender yet still very moist. 

Grits are great as are the beans. Potato salad and slaw are standard and could use a little tweaking to be great but are certainly a refreshing break from the rest of the food. 

All and all, some of the best BBQ I've had (I've done Texas, Memphis...though not the famed Oklahoma Joes). 

Enjoy!"
"Stopped in on their opening day where they had a limited menu and brisket was still to be had at 1 pm. I had the brisket, a pork rib and the only side available, Jalapeno cheese grits. The brisket was superb and melted in my mouth and the pork rib was just what I wanted, a well seasoned and perfectly moist and cooked rib. I liked everything I tried but while the grits tasted great, they were mushy being the reason for only 4 stars. It was opening day and I changed, giving them 5 stars on the brisket and ribs plus their service is superb, I can't hold the grits against them as the tasted great but slightly off on texture this day. I have tried their grits at the Farmers market and know it was just an off day with their quiet grand opening.  I love this place and know they will get all 5 stars from me on my future visits but I had to be honest on opening night. I highly recommend Little Miss Bbq and can't wait to try their other sides as well as the beef short ribs. Most that follow me on Yelp know I tell the truth and don't sugar coat my reviews, This place is legit and screams great Texas BBQ. Let me know your thoughts on your visit."
Added this on my bookmarks for our quick trip in Arizona and made sure to have this as our first stop once we landed. We arrived about an hour before they closed so we were limited on selections. They don't reheat and only make enough for they day and only use top quality meats so I recommend going in early if your in town! They only had chopped brisket left when we got there and it was AMAZING! Im sure the other bbq they make is even better and thats why they sell out I definitely can't wait to try this again next time. The people that work here are so nice and put out a welcoming vibe. The pecan pie was to die for I've been craving it since!
This is the best barbecue in Phoenix. The brisket is consistent with the best that you would find in Austin Texas. The beans are coupled with a lot of meat and would be a great meal by themselves. The jalapeño cheese grits are perfect comfort food. Their brisket will change your expectations on how meat should taste. They will serve fatty or lean or combo. Both are unbelievable.
"The bbq is out of this world delicious and the staff couldn't be nicer. They made sure we were completely satisfied with our food and sent us on our way with a list of breweries and restaurants in the area worth trying. 
Thanks for everything , you guys are awesome! You have two more fans from the SF Bay Area ."
"Super place, crazy good, but crazy busy, try to come not at the 11A-1PM hours since the parking lot will be over loaded, the line will be 40 people deep.  5 stars on the chow, the hefe sand I picked sausage and brisket, and all the table lover the sausage, and the brisket, the turkey was a little too light on the smoking, the pulled pork was liked by all at the table.  The mustard sauce on the table is very good and unique taste, the jal. cheddar grits were great, and the the beans other folks said are very good too.  Expect to wait for 45 minutes-60 minutes ++ in car lot for parking and in line for chow.  They have killer looking mini pecan pies, the sandwhich I had came with selection of onions, pickles, and Japl. too.  Drinks are in a can, prices are reasonable for the quality smoked meats here.  Would come again just at an off hours due to long waits, but long waits mean great chow 99 % of the time!! A+A+A+"
"Outrageous. Using Yelp as a way to review this place doesn't even make sense, it's too good. A real experience. If you want the best BBQ in AZ, it's here."
"Absolutely incredible, ive traveled to austin and had Franklin BBQ and little miss can easily compete. The owner scott is such an awesome guy! I went once and i got to go see the smokers! Its such a friendly environment and the food is amazing. Even in the hot arizona heat it is worth the wait. While waiting in line they often give out samples and have great variety of meats. Little miss bbq is one of the best bbq restaurants in all of Arizona!"
"Most amazing BBQ I have ever tried! Their brisket is absolutely perfect. The ribs are smoky and delicious. Sauces and sides at the perfect touch! Just yum! If you have the chance, try this place asap!"
"UkI sn
JBoumt of London plopphlll
T.!~?€{ needle
Loo~~~is noc tr academygth  gone---, And mark:"
"I had The Jefe sandwich with chopped brisket, sausage and jalapeño cheddar grits. It's a great sandwich."
"Listen........ I hate it when somebody says real Texas BBQ and its quite frankly not. I've become numb to this sort of advertising since I moved to AZ.

This place is the REAL DEAL. A Tempe kid who married a Texas women and was moved by the experience of real BBQ. Took up the passion, experienced what BBQ competitions were all about, and returned home to bless the Valley with what he learned.

COME EARLY and plan to wait, enjoy the wait, take in the experience and love what many Texans already know; it's not the well known establishments we love, its the small, local, whole in the wall who is doing it right. NOW IT'S RIGHT HERE IN OUR BACK YARD.

Don't take it from me......pick any review and listen to them, its all the same....DELICIOUS."
"Sometimes you just get plain lucky and stumble into a place that's damn good and only once your there do you look at there yelp rating and realize that the food gods led you there with divine guidance.  

This place isn't fancy, but it's got a 5 star rating and pushing 200 reviews for a reason. It's only a matter of time before I turn on some food TV show and see them being featured.  Yeah, it's that good. Then I won't be able to get near the place.  

For now I could almost miss the joint when driving by but don't, just don't.  The staff was fun and friendly and genuinely cared about our experience.  Yeah, like that's not refreshing.  So get in there.  Eat up. Enjoy!!!"
This is the place to go to satisfy your BBQ needs. Everything is spot on and delicious. Get here early or count on not having everything you want
"There are only a few restaurants that I'll take the time to review. 

Little Miss BBQ is definitely one that I have to speak out about how good it is. 

The line may be a little long on the weekends, but it's worth it to get the Brisket and pork ribs. 

Show up early, bring a beverage, and enjoy some of the best BBQ you might have ever had.

Also, huge shout out to the ranch style beans."
"Best BBQ I've ever have. I did some research on yelp before I came there. the only way to avoid long waiting line is to Pre-order, even it requires 7 days ahead and at least 5 pounds of meat. But it really worths it. When my husband and I arrived there 10:20am this morning, he was so surprised about a full parking lot and people waiting outside. This is July in Phoenix!  Anyway, We waited about 10 mins to get all items we ordered. Pre-order is really a good choice here. Besides, food is amazing. I recommend fatty brisket, pork rib, and pie."
This place was bangin! I'll never complain about waiting in line 2 hours for melt-in-your-mouth BBQ.
"This place was actually a really amazing experience. We waited a little more than two hours from 11:45am to 1:52pm, and thank goodness it wasn't blazing hot. There were misters and shade to keep everyone cool. We were also greeted at the end of the line with an ""end of the line"" sign, which I thought was hilarious. Then half way through, they gave us little samples of sausage and tiny bottles of water. Denny gave me and my mom a little tour of the inside and how it worked, and he proceeded to tell my mom that from where we were in line to get our food was 30 minutes and that it took about a minute and half per person, or something. (Of course, we didn't remind him that it actually took us 42 minutes, but it's okay.) They JUST ran out of fatty brisket to the person infront of us, but it's okay. The beef rib was AMAZING, as was the brisket and short rib. It was my mom's first time having grits and she thought it was the best thing. Denny also came by to ask us how we were doing and let us know how Little Miss got its name."
"My first time here, arrived at 10:15, ordered around 12:30, totally worth the wait.  The brisket is probably the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  It literally melts in your mouth and had a beautiful smoke ring.  

I've been to Memphis, Dallas, and Kansas City and never had BBQ this good.  No sauce needed!"
"This place is super crack, I'm not surprised its #1 on yelp.  Those beans tho......Ive never had anything like it."
"Yes the lines are long, yes it's incredibly annoying when on occasion  a group of people cut in front of you, and yes the price is a little bit on the higher side

BUT

I can guarantee you that this will be the best BBQ you will ever have west of Texas (and likely even if you are in Texas).  I'm a huge fan of BBQ and most if not all places I've been to don't live up to the hype.  The fatty brisket is a must have and by far the best brisket I've ever eaten. If you're more of a ribs kind of person then you will still be blown away with either their pork spare ribs or beef ribs.  I myself am a rib guy but the brisket is just so damn good that I always end up getting both.  Their pulled pork is also fantastic but I must say that the sausage and the sides are probably average.  That being said, the brisket and ribs more than make up for any of the minor negatives of Little Miss BBQ and is by far the best BBQ I've ever had. So don't even think about going to Bobby Q and get yourself down to Little Miss BBQ As soon as possible!"
"So delicious!! Be prepared to wait a hour or longer in line! I highly recommend the moist brisket and pecan pie. The potato salad, grits, coleslaw were also very good. There are a few tables inside and some long picnic tables outside. We got a table inside without a wait. The service was great! The employees were very friendly and super nice. They gave us free bottled water and samples while we waited in line. I will be back!!"
"Crazy good BBQ. ''Twas it awesome the night before Christmas
Not even a mouse
Was left. Would recommend to all the
Ninjas and knights. Try the ribs and the chicken won't be disappointed"
Worth the wait! Get there early to avoid missing the good stuff when it sells out. My husband likes everything on the menu. I recently tried the turkey sandwich and sausage. Both were incredible. The staff was super friendly and helpful. They gave out free samples while we waited in line and checked on us several times while we ate. Even gave us sauces in to-go cups to take home with our leftovers (always order enough for leftovers!)
"I didn't even know grits could be good. There was no line when I came in, which according to other reviews is somewhat surprising. Although they had already sold out of brisket, and chorizo. A bit disappointing since that's what I wanted but it's ok. Chopped brisket was incredible. My two sides were potato salad and grits. Listen. I didn't even know grits could be good. I have literally never had good grits. These. Were. Incredible. Food is amazing, staff is incredible. Location is very unassuming so while it may not be fancy date night material, it absolutely is a must do."
We arrived on a Tuesday at 10:50am and were served in an hour. It was worth the wait. The prices are very reasonable for quality and quantity of food. Hands down this is some of the best barbecue I have ever had. Do yourself a favor and wait it out at least once. Bring a buddy to wait in line while you wait for a parking spot.
"Words just can't explain how good the meat is here! Super soft, juicy with perfect amount of smoke rings.
Had the brisket, pulled pork and shared the jalapeño sausage, all were epic good.
One gripe were the non stop flies everywhere outside near the tables and while waiting on line. They really need to do something about that."
"I waited over 15 mins just to park and stood in line for another hour and couldn't take it anymore lol (Just moved to AZ so i'm still getting used to the heat). 

I am still giving this place 5 stars because the vibe is amazing and nobody seemed to care they had to wait so long so it has to be amazing. 

This will have to be a Saturday dining spot for me, during the week you need to camp out lol

If you come here PLAN, 30-1hr lunches WILL NOT, I repeat WILL NOT work. You will meet cool people in line though. 

Cant wait to try it!"
"Best BBQ in AZ! Fatty brisket, lean brisket, ribs, potato salad, beans; were all delicious. The long line is worth the wait. Will be coming back for sure."
Best BBQ that you may find in the valley. Long queue but it worth it. Delicious Briskets and sausages.
"Great brisket sandwich, awesome service. Wasn't took long of a wait compared to other days! Loved it"
"Tried for the first time today. Phenomenal food and customer service! Only waited 5-10 minutes in line to my delight, and not to mention received a complimentary pork rib in line when i got caught eyeballing them. Will definitely be back."
"Best BBQ in Arizona without a doubt. The brisket is some of the most flavorful, melt in your mouth meat I've ever had.

Little Miss BBQ is one of those restaurants that makes a statement - tiny building, small parking lot, a lot of smokers, and open 11-4 OR WHEN THEY SELL OUT! Heck, this place is so popular they even have a guy directing people where to park. 

You look at those opening hours, you might think you should come by at 11. Nah, by then you're behind close to 75 people and you're not getting any brisket today, or even a parking spot. Set your clock an hour behind - this is the kind of place that provides lawn chairs for the first customers when the lot opens at 10. Also free water bottles and samples as the hour goes on! I can tell you my last visit, I came at 10:15 behind maybe 20 people, and I got out around 11:40 from the register, since a lot of people ordered in bulk that day.

They got platters and sandwiches, or you can order meat by the pound. Sides are pretty solid as well - those jalapeno cheddar grits are so smooth. And that smoked pecan pie will do wonders for your sweet tooth.

I love all their BBQ sauces - house, spicy, and sweet tangy mustard. But watching that beautiful cut of brisket being sliced is basically orgasmic. And if you come at the right time, the man will give you a sample of the burnt end. It's amazing how soft and flavorful even the lean brisket is.

I always come on Thursdays, when they sell their Pastrami, or what I like to call their super brisket. All that same marbling and smokiness to their additional brine just kills me.

The must haves are the fatty brisket and pastrami - these are what people will camp out for and will always sell out first. The in-house sausage is well balanced with that hint of jalapeno, and surprisingly even that smoked turkey is an amazingly juicy cut. Even after visiting joints in places like Kansas and Texas, LMB's brisket is a cut above the rest."
"Believe. The. Hype. I'll spare you my BBQ credentials because you don't care anyway! But this is the first place I've been to that has impressed me enough that I'm writing my review table side. I've been trying to eat here for a few weeks now, but the lines are so long, even finding a parking spot at this industrial location has been impossible. They say lines are a good sign. This could t be any more applicable. The food speaks for itself. It's good, quality meat, grilled/smoked to absolute, melt in your mouth, perfection. As I patiently waited in line, already drooling over the perfectly fatty brisket before me, the man carving the meat who I could only presume is the owner, sliced me a piece to sample. It was sublime. I decided on the El Jefe which included the aforementioned brisket as well as sausage, pickles, onions, and coleslaw. It comes with one side, but seeing that I couldn't decide between beans or jalapeño grits, I sprung for both (an incredibly wise decision). Halfway through my meal, the owner checked up on me and asked what I thought. I was speechless. Not only because the food was nothing short of phenomenal, but also because I had a huge bite of my sandwich in my mouth. I stupidly responded with a nod and thumbs up. Do yourself a favor, come here and treat yourself to some good bbq. But don't tell your friends because if I have to wait another few weeks to take my wife to my new favorite bbq joint, I'll be pretty upset."
"Arrived at 12:30. Waited in line for about 45min. Well worth the wait. Visiting from California and yelped this place. We decided to try everything. Meat by the pound. Ordered sliced brisket, pulled pork, 1 massive beef rib, 4 pork ribs, and 3 sides. Tried the Jalapeño grits, coleslaw, and potato salad. Everything was fantastic! Took home a lot of leftovers. $80 out the door."
"Some of the best BBQ I've had, period! 

We got here on a Friday around lunch time, straight from the airport. 
The line was about 25 - 30 minutes deep. That is considered a short wait from my understanding. They were already out of one meat option. 

While we waited, we got a glimpse and whiff of all the smokers. That made an already hungry Tim even hungrier.   

I got the brisket, ribs, beans, and grits. Every bite of the food was delicious and TOP quality. 

Not sure when I will be in Phoenix again but this place is worth leaving the airport during a long enough layover at PHX. Since they are only a 5 - 10 minute drive away."
Hands down the best BBQ I've ever had. Great customer service. Line was up to an hour and a half long but definitely didn't feel that long. They had mist fans on and free waters along with free samples of their smoked jalapeño sausage. I ordered the brisket and turkey. Best food I've ever had. The plate came with ranch styled baked beans and a piece of bread. Highly recommended giving this place a try but make sure to check their hours because they are weird.
The Best Smoked meats and BBQ in the southwest. Hands down the best BBQ in the Phoenix area.
"I was in town working and the company I worked for bought $500-600 worth of the fatty brisket and ribs.  I've had a lot of bbq in my life, and I have to say that Little Miss BBQ has the best brisket I've ever had.  Each bite was perfect and I couldn't stop eating it.  LMB? Is there a way for you to FedEx an order to Los Angeles?"
"This is by far the best BBQ spot in the entire Metro Phoenix area, likely the Valley... HOWEVER... They need to make some major operational changes. For starters, there is nothing more frustrating than being hungry, having nowhere to park, waiting for over an hour outside in the az heat, only to be told that they are out of most of their meat, usually the lean & fatty brisket and pastrami, all before 12:30 pm. I understand that people often line up before they open and purchase meat by the pound, which then leaves customers who want to eat lunch, SOL. If they simply required orders by the pound be placed 24 hrs in advance, they're pit master would be able to account for the next day's large orders. Thus, allowing them to provide eat in lunch customer a more pleasant experience. They could even have a separate pickup ""window"" for orders by the pound. Additionally, streamlining their checkout process could save customers hours, yes hours from waiting outside in the heat. They have continued to run this business the same way they did when they first opened their doors, which, to most is wonderful in that it feels very personal, however, they're far too popular at this point to do EVERYTHING the same. We love this place, we wait in the heat, and we'd never want the quality to suffer, but neither recommendation would hurt what so many love about this place!"
"First thing, the food is amazing. Second thing, the wait is real. We came on a weekend. It opens at 11AM, but we got there at 9AM and there was already 5 people lining up. It was well worth the 2 hour wait for it to get opened though. By the time they opened, the line wrapped around the parking lot and it was mentioned by the owner that those in back could wait up to 4 hours before they are served. 

We got the fatty brisket, the beef short ribs, the pork ribs, and pecan pies. Everything was delicious.

Fatty brisket:
Incredibly juicy and flavorful. One of the best items they have. 

Beef short ribs:
They serve it with the meat sitting proudly on top of the bone. It was tender and fall off the bone so easily. It was packed with so much flavor and juices. In personal opinion, this was better than the brisket.

The pork ribs:
They were delicious, but the other items outshines this one.

The pecan pies:
These were amazing to end the meal with. It hit the right spots. The filling was just the right sweetness and it had a light custard like texture. I regret not buying more to take back. 

Although it we waited for 2 hours, it was well worth the wait. The food was great and I want to visit again in the future."
"OK kids.... brace yourselves! Real BBQ is here in The Grand Canyon State! Little Miss BBQ here is PHX!  Never fear,  I have already cried to the staff that we need one in Tucson! From the BBQ, that is advertised as available until sold out, that is tender and flavorful! Then there are the sides... jalapeno - cheddar grits (to die for) to the ranch beans that include ""meat confetti"" (yes,  that is what I'm calling it... all of the shredded BBQ beef end pieces) that are deeply flavored with spices that tickle the tongue! Pork,  Beef,  Turkey,  Sausage... and accoutrement! And the obligatory slice of oh so soft white bread! Man.... this was amazing and we will venture back... all the way from Tucson,  it is worth the drive!"
"I hate when this place is closed. This is the best BBQ I have ever had from a commercial establishment. Using commercial lightly because the staff working there are phenomenal, they're kind, talkative, respectful and can toss around a few jokes if you are willing. EVERYTIME I come in here I leave with a smile in anticipation for what my taste buds will endure. The parking can be tight but the service is fast and I've never had a problem getting in and out. 

The only think I hate about this place is the hours. Tuesday-SAT 11-4 i'm at work. And the days I want you the the most they are closed. I guess that is a good thing, otherwise I wouldn't be eating so great. I feel bad for the people that work near here and have to smell that goodness everytime they fire up those grills!

Bravo little Miss BBQ, now I can't get satisfying ribs without walking through your door."
"I had went with a coworker while on a job here in Phoenix area.  We were told by the client to be an hour before opening and took thier advice.  It paid off as there were over 30 people in line before opening.  Prior to opening a staff member offered a sample of the smoked sausage.  Very flavorful. 
You choose a meat or a combination of two meats and a couple sides.  You can order a sandwich but you will not need it.  The brisket is phenomenal and does not need sauce, you might do the brisket injustice by adding it.  The ranch beans are great, nothing like I have ever had.  The jalapeño cheesy grits are very good also. 
The coworker just joined yelp only because of the experience he had.  We had wished to know about this 3 weeks earlier as we have been in Phoenix every week for work.  Would have come at least once a week.  I ended up coming 3 times and not once was I dissapointed.  If you wait till 3 PM you run the chance if them running out of some meats or closing early to all meat being sold.  
You can do a catering order however, you need to place the order a week in advance."
"I was shocked that out of 900 reviews any restaurant could have a 5 star! Now I know why...I have never EVER had BBQ I didn't want to douse in sauce until today...WOW flavor overload in your mouth  the brisket was out of this world (get there early before they run out), we also had ribs, sausage, and pecan pie. We would be happy next time to have a hunk of brisket and pecan pie YUM! My husband said no dessert will ever be able to compare to that pie. I can't wait to go again!"
"We came here around 9:30AM since we were told it's generally a 2HR wait time and most items get sold out within the first hour here. The location only opens 11AM-4PM (Tuesday-Saturday) and they stay open till they sell out. The line already started forming since 9AM, the parking lot is fairly small so get here early and be prepared to wait or miss out on the best bbq in Arizona. The staff here are friendly and before the opening they have an announcement on how it works on ordering and just being ready to order once you get in. We got both the Jefe and the Fatty Brisket sandwich with the sides of Jalapeño Chedar Grits/Cole slaw/Potato Salad. Everything was juicy and tender and our favorite side was the grits. We will definitely be coming back next time we are in town. Check it out and I guarantee you'll go home feeling full and glad you got to experience this gem."
"1000+ people reviewed it for such a small place... thats so cool.

Their Brisket, Ribs, Sausage and Jalapeno Grits are simply awesome. I like their Lean Brisket over the fatty Brisket & yesterday u can't go wrong with the Jefe Sandwich - Sausage with Brisket or Pork is freaking delicious.

They have 3 bbq sauces which are crazy with flavor. Hands down this is the best beef brisket which i ever had and i really think my move from FL to AZ is worth because of LMB :))).

Please do try this place this place is beyond Delicious and they make the food here with passion and love :) and be prepared for the wait time because of the huge line but it is totally totally worth it."
Best bbq I have ever had and that is saying something. Owners and staff are awesome! Line and that then running out of beef ribs stunk but still 5 stars.
"We got there at 10:30, knowing they didn't open until 11. I heard there is usually a line. Worth the wait! I honestly hate BBQ. My boyfriend loves it, so I took him there for Valentine's Day. The food was absolutely amazing! I couldn't believe that I actually found something I loved! The staff are all super friendly and it's a great atmosphere. We will be back for sure  (the brisket sandwich  was the best). All their sauces were homemade and amazing."
"Amazing BBQ with crazy lines worth standing in. We showed up about an hour after they opened and still ended up standing in line for over 2 hours before getting to the front and placing our order. All though it was a ridiculously hot Phoenix summer day, the wait was well worth it. By far the best BBQ in town."
"Delicious barbeque!! The corn bread was amazing, soft and moist, and it was unlimited. This location was so far but I'm glad they recently opened one location relatively close to me. Best BBQ in Arizona so far!"
Oooooomazing! Only place in Phoenix I would go to. Sliced brisket is to die for! Be sure to get there early because the line can back up quick.
"BEST BBQ of my life and cooked WITHOUT SAUCE from this hole in the wall barbecue stand - you MUST eat here before you die!

This is one of the main reasons I love being a Yelper, yes we would love to rate places fairly to help people make choices, but ultimately we're always looking to discover that one incredible gem of a place that knocks the socks off of what they do so we can tell the whole world all about it!  And of all my 100 plus reviews I've written so far, this is my FIRST ONE!  You simply have to come here someday, I don't care how, just do it!

PLEASE NOTE - THEY ARE ONLY OPEN FOR LUNCH!!

Their barbecue here is smoked to perfection using simple spices without any of those sauces! Sure they have some incredible sauces on the side if you like to use them, but I highly recommend against it!  Not with the flavor of these meats!!

They offer brisket, fatty brisket, pulled pork, pork ribs, turkey and sausage!  You know what I did? You guessed it, I ordered them ALL!  Best choice I ever made!

I had super high expectations after seeing their 5-star rating with over 1300 reviews, but even my expectations were surpassed! I'm not going to go on and on about the flavor, all I will tell you is it's the best and they don't smother it in sauces, they smoke it just right using simple spices to bring out the meats own most delicious flavor!

Parking here is tight so I suggest coming before noon. Hopefully there will only be about 20 or 30 people in line at that point. If you're lucky. Nobody leaves the line, everybody waits patiently to reach the meat slicer, who cuts your meat in front of you. Then they give you sides and drinks. 

Not much seating, a few tables inside some extra tables outside in the back underneath a roof. But let's face it, you're not here for a fancy restaurant, are you?

This is a ""must go to"" place, go out of your way to go here if you need to! Don't miss out!  My favorite Yelp discovery to date!"
"Ok, so let me make this easy for you!   Believe everything everyone is saying about this place!!! It's the bomb.  The food was spectacular, moist and incredibly delicious!  We will absolutely be back.  Again and again!!"
"I give this place 10 meat eaters out of ten on the Meat Eating Scale. I dream of it daily and cry a little knowing I can go somewhere that the arch angels Michael and Gabriel are available to kiss you everytime you take a bite. 

And the angels said unto him, go to little Miss bbq. It's your path to salvation. -genesis 10:10"
I waited in line for literally two hours. I'm sorry but that's ridiculous. Great food but Jesus Christ.
"The line is too long. I've been here 3 times and never got to eat because the line was longer than my lunch break. You have to wait an hour and a half just to order. Stay away until they learn how to run a business.

Also no to go orders over the phone so you can't even plan for your day. There is no way to eat here without waiting perpetually. Good luck"
"Best beef brisket ever! Great grits and baked beans. Very friendly staff. 

Don't be put off by the  unimposing building in an industrial-feeling area. The food and the staff more than make up for the first impression."
"worth the wait....very fair prices great service good energy.

Got there around 11:30 got the last parking spot in lot food in hand by 12:15 eating at home by 12:30. For those who aren't familiar with bbq pricing if you are not ordering a meal(meat sides drink etc) you pay by the pound. 

The prices here were very reasonable. Saturday Special is Beef Short Rib 18.99 a pound. I got a pound of that a pound of pulled pork 13.99 a pound  1 pork rib forget price and beef brisket 18.99 lb. On top of that the guy in front me ended up getting just the pork short rib meat so he let me have the bone to give to Charlie.(great bday present for the boy!) 

I know it was overkill but I don't know the next time i'll be able to go so I had to try it all. Next time I need to try the smoked turkey the sausage and the sides. 3 out of the items I loved. 1 liked. The pulled pork was good but not as flavorful as the others. The  in house bbq sauces made up for that. My favorite was the spicy so I bought a bottle $8 . The honey mustard one was good but too sweet to eat a lot of it. 

While waiting in line one of the employees was passing out water. There was misters while in line and a tent for shading a portion of the line as well. He saw me taking pictures of the smoker and walked up said sometimes they give tours of it but nothing to show today since they did all the cooking last night. Inside the staff was very friendly butcher was passing out samples making jokes checkout was quick too.      

sidenote I had there gelato they are currently serving at Gelato Spot and it was pretty good as well. Smoked banana caramel something or other...

Spots near 44th Street and University."
"Buy into the hype. The fatty brisket and sausage are the way to go. I'm not sure if the fact that you have to wait an hour at least each time you go here adds to the mystique, but it always tastes so good when they give you the little sample before you order. The sides are great, but the brisket is where this place really shines. I've never had better brisket. Hopefully they can figure out a way to cut down on wait times in the future - and be open on Monday's :)"
Wow. It's a must try in Phoenix. Everything melts in your mouth. Don't even need their amazing sauce for any meat.
"Best BBQ in Arizona.  Period.  Austin, Texas ain't got nothin on us."
The bbq is amazing but the multiple hours of waiting in line just to order makes this place not worth it.
I don't know what to think about this place the brisket is in the top 5 best I ever had but the pastrami I throw it away not good the waited about a hour in line but not there were only 10 15 people ahead of me I think they just make it slow to look busy
"Ermagherd... Little Miss Barbecue is some next level stuff. The lines are crazy, but for good reason. Luckily they provide bottles of water while you wait. I've had brisket, pastrami, sausage, pulled pork and beef ribs. Never once have I been disappointed. The quality is just unbeatable compared to other barbecue joints in the valley. I find myself craving this place a lot. Sadly they only stay open until 4 and they often times run out of hot items like brisket and pork ribs. I recommend this place to a lot of people. I hope nothing but the best for the owner and his establishment."
"MUST GO!!!

If you love BBQ, you definitely NEED to go here. Their brisket is to die for!!! 

You will need to wait in line due to the popularity, specifically the brisket. We waited for almost 45 minutes but it was worth the wait. 

The best BBQ so far I have ever had in my life."
MOST DELICIOUS TEXAS BBQ EVER! And this is coming from someone who was raised in San Antonio.
"Great Kansas/West Texas rubbed ribs and brisket!!  Can't say enough about the ribs--more on that in a moment.  We also had the sides of jalapeno grits, which were excellent; very good beans; and good potato salad.  The pecan pie was absolutely delicious.  The meat is a bit pricey but worth it.

Having just moved from San Diego to Oro Valley (Tucson area), a comparable restaurant in the San Diego area is Coops in Lemon Grove.  I would have liked to have had ribs from both places side by side for comparison--they're both 5 star!!

Little Miss BBQ smokes with oak and pecan; Coops smokes with oak and mesquite.  I think Coops has a deeper smoke flavor; but I'd have to have them side by side.

Both restaurants are keepers and it's hard to find ""true"" Kansas/West Texas rubbed BBQ ribs and brisket."
"My favorite BBQ joint in Phoenix. The brisket is something else and the food is easy on the pocket. Highly recommended, be prepared to wait."
"Could very well be the best BBQ in Phoenix!

Use caution as parking can be a challenge and during 11-1 this place gets busy. Wait times can be 30 plus minutes.

Staff is friendly and the food is fantastic. This is a must visit if you like good BBQ."
Best BBQ I've had so far.  Haven't visited Texas yet so this could change.  The beef ribs was the best.  It fell off the bone!  You need to come here early cause they run out quick.  Tells you how good this place it.  I need to come back
"Waited over an hour to be served.  Knew going, there would be a wait.  Ordered the 2 meat plate with sides
(Brisket and ribs). The meat was cold. Not even a hint of it being warm.  The brisket was just ok but the only real flavor the ribs had was of pepper.  Sides of beans and grits were also served cold.  For the price of the meal at the very least you'd expect it served warm."
"This best bbq in the state so far, the beef ribs are the size of a brontosaurus, Beef brisket and pulled pork are melting your mouth"
"Don't need to repeat what everyone else has said.  Hands down the best bbq we have ever had.  The brisket is to die for and I'm not a brisket lover (shhhh don't tell my Texas raised husband).

However, we waited over an hour and that was tough.  So as much as I crave a return visit, I'll be standing in line by myself since my husband isn't game to do it again anytime soon.  Wish there was a way to know when the line isn't ridiculous since I'm literally 10 minutes away."
"Every good thing that everyone says about this place is true! The brisket will change your life! Totally worth the wait. I recommend going during the week, and arriving close to 10 AM. They don't open until 11 AM, but getting there early will increase your chances of snagging a table inside the tiny seating area. There are only five tables, and the line usually runs 30 to 50 people deep. They have ample picnic table seating outside, but that is no consolation when the summer weather hits 100°. I have never been here during the fall or winter, but I imagine the line gets even longer when the weather is nice outside.

Again, the food is amazing! The brisket is delicious, but so is the sausage, and pulled pork. The side dishes are also top-notch! My favorite is the cheddar jalapeño grits. I highly recommend getting the pecan pie for dessert. Even if you cannot finish it there, you can take it home for a sweet treat later on.

The staff is super friendly! The owner is always on site, and makes a point of greeting all of his customers. They make you feel right at home, and are happy to talk to you about the menu, or anything else that strikes your fancy.

Go to Little Miss BBQ RIGHT NOW!"
"First thing, if you are going, be prepared to wait. It'll take at least an hour but up to 2 hours on weekends. They open at 11am, I suggest getting there at 10/10:15 to eat by noon. They make the wait fun and offer samples, free water, and sunscreen.

The chef/owner is classically trained and it shows. Get the fatty brisket. It'll melt in your mouth and blow your mind. It's crisp salty bark goes perfect with their tangy spicy BBQ sauce. I also had the turkey which was moist and flavorful and was awesome with the mustard sauce. 

Dear Little Miss BBQ, I adore you. You are the only good BBQ in the state of Arizona that I've had thus far."
"If you live in the Phoenix area, you're a fool if you don't come check this place out.  I picked up a preorder on Saturday which I served at my Super Bowl party the following day.  Second LMB experience...  To those complaining about the lines, plan ahead and preorder to skip the wait.  I was in and out in 5 minutes.  Even reheated the next day this stuff is as good as it gets!  I picked up a few pounds of brisket, pulled pork and turkey as well as a few sides.  The ranch beans were phenomenal.  I knew the flavor would still be there the next day, what I didn't know was how moist all 3 would be after reheating in my oven for a 2 hours!!  Everyone that came over loved it and the best part was I had leftovers which I've been snacking on all week.  Just polished it off tonight (Thurs) and it honestly tasted like it just came off the smoker, unbelievable.  All 3 of their sauces are top notch, I refilled bottles of all 3 on this visit. 

I've never been a big BBQ guy - what I've realized is that is because I never had LMB.  It's a shame I didn't discover them sooner because their flavor is out of this world!"
"I would give them one star but I gave them two stars only because the food is pretty good, but the lines and the parking make this place a pain to try and visit.  One time I drove all the way over there to get waved away,  the last time I got there plenty early and waited and waited for them to open and when they did the line still didn't move.  Sorry but only one cutting station and a couple hundred people in line is ridiculous. Waiting in line for that long isn't worth the time or aggravation.  Like I said the food is good but I don't feel it's worth putting up with the wait and parking.  I would try them again if they got a building that better meets the amount of people they serve, but until then I'm not going back."
Fatty brisket and short ribs are good. Staff here is really friendly. Wait was a bit too long especially since we got there before it opened. I would think there is a faster way to serve their customers but they have not tried to change that. The sides here are okay.
"Come early! Come really early! Arrive late and you may not get what you want. If you get here early, however, you'll find the meat here is great, and the meal will be satisfying. This place is definitely worth  the honor bestowed upon it by Yelp, and I will be back, many more times. Keep it up guys!"
The place to go to! Hands down the best BBQ in the Valley. Be prepared to wait a good 20min but it's totally worth it. Food is killer!
"Hands down the best bbq in Tempe, but one of the longest wait at the same time. They sell out fast on good parts so people do not hesitate to come an hour early to secure their portions. Beef rib specials were amazing and just melt in your mouth. i wanna try pastrami next time if available."
"Great food, kind and helpful people working there.  Was in town for ASU family weekend and wanted to try something I knew we didn't have in my hometown. Yelp and found this. Found this great local mom and pop restaurant. Will definitely be back when in town to visit. Great Pulled Pork, Brisket, Grits and sauces. Hospitality was at its best there."
"BBQ is my favorite and this place was very good.

The sides weren't that great and the parking can be a cluster at times but that's fine well worth the main thing: BBQ"
"I am truly impressed by this place. It's the best bbq place I have ever been to! The customer service, food and everything in between. Me and my dad both shared two meat plates and two sides and wow were we stuffed with some of the most tastiest food we have ever had."
I would try and get everything because it's all amazing. Don't forget the sides! I would say the best BBQ I've ever had!
It was really good and the service was great.  Sauces was amazing.  Friendly staff.  I was there was more side items on the menu.
"Yeah, I should have given this place five stars. I ordered a pound of the Fatty and a pound of the lean brisket  to go and got the brisket plate to eat there. Brisket was very moist. Nice smoke ring. I subtracted  the one because the brisket lacked that Texas Oak flavor and smoke. But it was still cooked properly they just need to get better logs as I have observed. 

 The Jalapeno grits was off the chart. Pecan pie was good too. 

I got their at 9:00. First in line on a week day. So far a good start since I have waited in longer lines at Franklins and LA BBQ in Austin and ate at a dozen of BBQ places all over Texas. This place is on par with Texas BBQ. I was impressed that they use Prime Angus for their brisket. I would definitely come back if I am back in Phoenix but I will preorder next time."
"Damn good BBQ.  If I had to rate it I would put the ribs on top, next would be the fatty brisket, and then the turkey. Nothing is bad here. Try it all."
"Amazing! Don't be discouraged by the Disneyland type line outside. I assure you it's worth the wait. They only have one butcher working at any given time. I can only assume this is for control of their product. 1 butcher 1 side dish server and 1 cashier. This is the reason for the long line. Since there is a limited quantity of each item, they will run out as the line moves along. The first item to go is usually the fatty brisket (get this if it's available). By the time you're close to order you will know exactly what is available to purchase. Once you get to the counter you get a very detailed service which is a good thing. I can only say, this is legit Texas style Smoked BBQ. It's not a national franchise or chain. Every item is deliciously smoked even the desert is smoked. Don't miss out on that pie. If you have about 2hrs to wait for BBQ this is the place to be. Enjoy!"
"Incredible Texas style BBQ. Don't miss the fatty brisket, but you have to get there early."
"Listen...    no joke no bs. 
This place is the best Bbq in Phoenix hands down 
I waited 45 min on line on a weds for them to open 
This place is legit!!!    And worth it.   
Everything is good."
"This was probably the best BBQ we've ever had!

We arrived at 11:05am (they open at 11), and we had exactly an hour wait.  The place is small, so we waited outside.  But, it's very customer-friendly...overhangs, misters, cold water bottles in a cooler, samples being passed out and someone constantly walking by and asking if everyone is okay (in fact, everyone who worked there was so nice).  Most of the people in line are regulars, and everyone seemed very friendly.  I guess this was an average wait, and it really went by faster than we thought it would.

But, there's a reason why people will stand in line outside during the summer in Phoenix...damn good food!!

Hubby and I both got the 2 Meat Combo w/2 sides.  I got the fatty brisket (they also offer lean, but I watched the guy in front of me get the fatty and my mouth started watering) and pork rib along with cole slaw and potato salad.  Hubby got the fatty brisket and pork rib (what can I say, we like the same things...LOL!) with the jalapeno cheddar grits and ranch-style beans.  Everything was perfect!  I've never had a pork rib so tender and meaty, and the brisket could be cut with a plastic fork.  

They have 3 sauces, they're in bottles on all the tables...Spicy!, House and Tangy Sweet Mustard.  We both fell in love with the House, and even bought a bottle...I will put it on everything!!

It looks like we'll be standing in line again soon...this was really, really good!!!!"
Oh my.... we are tourists and we just sort of found this place when looking for lunch. I am not that big on doing reviews but this place is outstanding! It is worth a return trip to Phoenix just to eat here again!
If you love great BBQ then you have to eat here. Bar non this is some of the best bbq anywhere!  Make sure you come early and prepare to wait in line because they are always packed. This is a can't pass up experience!  5 stars!
There's nothing to say that hasn't already been said.  There is a reason this place has 5 solid stars and over 1000 reviews.  It's AMAZING!!  I've never had BBQ taste this good before.  I had the ribs and turkey and they were to die for!!  My husband and kids had the fatty brisket and they all agreed it was the best they've ever had!  We waited in line for 45 min in the heat and would have waited twice as long.  It was worth it!  Can't wait to go back for more!
I enjoyed this place very much. I'm not big on BBQ but this changed that. All their sauces were just fantastic. Highly recommend to all
"Sausage is killer. 

Get there early. You won't be disappointed"
Crazy good. Head shake oh face good. Easily among the very best of the best bbq in Az. The brisket is incredible. The beef ribs are ginormous and taste pretty much like a giant burnt end. Your life isn't complete without it. Go before they open and get in line. Beyond worth the wait.
"Little Miss BBQ is hands down the best Texas style BBQ I have ever had in my life.  There is a reason why there are over 1k reviews and yet the place has a 5-star rating!  If you are ever in Arizona, pay this place a visit.  You will not regret it.

The parking lot to Little Miss BBQ is very small and spots are hard to come by.  If there is a spot, there is usually someone there to direct traffic.  If the lot is full, you will have to drive around and look for street parking.

There is always a line at Little Miss and the wait in line can at times exceed over an hour to an hour and a half.  You are basically baking in the sun outside the whole time while waiting in line, but they do provide free cold bottled waters and sunblock.  Sometimes, staff will also come out to hand out free samples of the meat.  I know it sounds like torture, but trust me, the wait is totally worth it!  As the line is slowly moving, if they run out or run low on anything on the menu, they will come outside to give everyone in line an update.  Once something is sold out then that is it for the day and you will have to try again the next day.

We have tried the main items on the menu such as the brisket, chopped brisket, pork ribs, and sausages.  We have also tried the sides such as the jalapeño cheddar grits, ranch style beans, coleslaw, and even the mini pecan pie.  Everything at Little Miss tastes amazing!  You can't go wrong!  I even love their homemade sauces such as the house sauce, sweet & tangy mustard sauce, and my favorite is the spicy sauce.  I always buy at least two bottles to take home.  FYI, the airport will always inspect and search your luggage if you have bottled sauces in there.  The bottles are glass so make sure you cushion it well enough in your luggage.

The food is amazing and you can order by the lb which is great for large parties or get combination plates which is better for individuals who want to try a little of everything.  The food is very affordable and there are a couple picnic tables outside to sit on and enjoy the food.  The inside is super small and there are maybe 2-3 tables, but they're usually occupied.  While eating there, sometimes the owner will come by and see how you're doing and chit chat with you.  I have to say that the owner and the staff are super friendly and very approachable.

Go check out Little Miss BBQ when you're in the area!"
Hands down the best damn BBQ in Arizona! My favorite place but you have to be there early before they run out of meat they sell very fast!
"I'm not even a fan of brisket but this is so delicious I go here just to order brisket. Only downfall to being SUCH a great BBQ place is there isn't a lot of parking, long wait (well worth it) and if you're not quick enough they may just run out of the good stuff."
Simply put this is the best food that has ever entered my mouth. Fatty brisket fatty brisket fatty brisket!!! Jalapeno cheddar grits!! Turkey is amazing too and the sausage is great. I can't stress enough how good this BBQ is and worth every penny. I don't know what else to say really but AMAZINGLY AMAZING!!!!
"This place was awesome!  Have seen raves about it on Yelp for awhile now and had to try it out.  Had the brisket sandwich with the house sauce on top, perfect for a 2:30pm on a Friday.  Recommend getting there early as I heard someone say the place opens at 11am and line starts at 10."
"The. Most. Amazing. BBQ. I. Have. Ever. Had. If you are ever in Phoenix you must come here. Get here early, even though there will probably be an hour wait and it'll be hot. But there is cold water and misters while you are waiting. It is well worth the wait. I could die right now. So good."
Excellent brisket.  Well worth the 90 minute wait.  Arrived at 10:30 and was eating by noon.  Jalapeño grits were awesome.
"WARNING! This will ruin BBQ from any other place because it is so good. Everything is incredible, but I recommend the brisket, sausage, pork ribs and the beans. (Yes. Beans. Trust me.) 

There is always a line and you can spend a lot of time waiting. Just plan on taking a long lunch day and you will be rewarded. While waiting, ask the staff handing out free water for a free tour of the smokers and overview the BBQ process. 

Another tip is to get a group together and pre-order. Then you can pick up your order before they can open and skip the lines."
"All you need to know is the hype is REAL people and worth every bbq stain! I grew up in Texas and know how to smoke real brisket, this place brings all the flavors & delectable variety of bbq meat to the Phx Valley without having to slave your day away!!!

Pro Yelp Tips:

* Show up between 1pm -3pm to avoid the lunch crowd M-F (usually they will have a second batch)

* Cannot go wrong with the ribs + brisket + beans or Mac 

* Stay away from this place on the weekends it's impossible to get anything after 1pm. 

* Early birds get the RIBS!"
"I hate to be redundant but I would also hate to understate things - best BBQ I've ever had. The pulled pork was excellent but the fatty brisket is truly sublime!  

Jalapeño cheese grits are excellent as is the cole slaw which is not drowning in mayo"
"First, I will start with I'm not sure if any establishment is worth waiting an hour and 25 minutes in line, but I did and surprisingly it was worth the wait.... But I don't know if I would do it again. They must first develop  a more efficient way to plate and serve customers. customers.

I initially went to order the two meat plate, which would have been the fatty brisket and pork ribs.  Due to the extended wait, I opted and got a pound of the pork ribs and a pound of brisket. The ribs could have had a more smoked flavor and not made up by dousing with BBQ sauce. However, they were tender and nearly falling off the bone.  As far as the brisket, let's just leave it at the best I have had in Phoenix.

In the restaurant's defense, they offer complimentary bottles of  ice water, and on occasion, someone would walk through the line and offer various BBQ samples.

With all this stated, I am only rating four star, once the line issue is resolved, they can receive my fifth !"
"Amazing. Best brisket I've ever had. Ribs and sausage were great too. Only thing missing was beer. Plan to wait in line outside for about 20 min. They have shade and misters which really help. 
Super nice people too. Love this place. A must!"
"We had lunch at Little Miss BBQ for the first time. It was the best BBQ I've ever had. My pulled pork sandwich was so tender it was like butter! The cold is good, the grits are good and these are good. I will recommend and will be back many many times! Beware the place is very tiny they have misters outside with some picnic tables and you will have to wait. But it is well worth the wait!"
"Wow.  How often do you see an establishment with over a thousand reviews and rated a full 5 stars on Yelp?  Not even a partial 5th star but a full, whole, dang, complete star.  No hype, just good, old, melt in your mouth BBQ served by the nicest people you'd meet in a BBQ joint.   Well, everyone we met was happy since we were not even chewing but savoring every mouthful.

We got there late, around 1:30pm on a Saturday and one of the BBQristas was walking the 30 minute line (line much longer earlier) saying they were out of Fatty Brisket and near gone on the Pork Ribs.  Oh no.... Pppplllease don't run out of anything else since we were so close to stepping into the shop to order.  Tick, tick, tick, time went so slow but it was not really long.

Made it in, ordered Pork Ribs, Beef Brisket, and Pulled Pork with sides of Cole Slaw, Beans, and Cheesy Grits.  Also sliced bread since you might want to make a sandwich.  Three sauces and we head to the adjacent covered picnic tables which had more sauce if you run out.

All diners were happy.  Tough looking, motorcycle types were talking happy BBQ to us, nearby families were happily munching down, another BBQrista was working the covered picnic tables asking if we needed anything ..like Beef Rib Bones for the dog...etc.  it was a happy scene.

As for the food, the Ribs were fall off the bone, the Pulled Pork was a nice combo of meat and fat, and the Brisket was a press the knife down and not saw with the knife tender.  Yes, no need to cut, just press down.  Additionally, the ribs and brisket had that nice charring that you want.  Liked the sides too.

So really, how good was it?  Yes, five stars as demonstrated by my son picking a piece of brisket off the picnic table and popping it in his mouth.  Not sure that was ours, but hey it's cooked right?  He said it was, but I'm not so sure.  Guess it was ""Table Pickin' Good"".

Conclusion....Go here for great BBQ!"
Oh this place has GREAT food. There is always a line waiting in the afternoons. It's worth the wait
"The beef brisket was not only the best brisket I've ever had, but the best meat ever bbq'ed!! This place deserves all stars. However, I ordered the plate with the brisket and a few slices of turkey and a soda, it came to about $21.00. The amount was 'enough to eat, but not to have leftovers'. So will I be thinking about how great the food was? Absolutely. Will I be thinking twice before spending that amount again, at a bbq shack with paper plates, plastic silverware, and a few wooden benches outside? You betcha. Food 5 stars. Value 2 stars. Location 2 stars. Ambience 2 stars."
This is my most favorite place to get BBQ I have been to Texas and Nashville and never experienced anything like this I highly suggest it I was also lucky enough to get a brisket for Easter that everyone loved go here now
"Though the location isn't the most convenient this place is definitely worth the trip. And don't be scared by the line, the group inside do a great job getting you through to enjoy your lunch."
"We are from Virginia (in Phoenix for a conference) so we have been fortunate enough to taste some amazing BBQ from North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.  I have to say Little Miss BBQ ranks right up there with the best of the best.

The brisket melts in your mouth.  The sides are out if this world, especially the tangy potato salad.

Totally worth the drive and the wait"
"Beyond awesome.  Best in Phoenix, worthy of bringing someone from out of town if you want something local and great!"
"I've been on Yelp for how long?  A while and I don't do reviews. I sure as hell won't ever write a bad review and try and destroy someone's business.  Nor will I write a review at a restaurant and complain about food.  I'll leave that to the people that need a life and sit at home M-F trying to ruin someone's operation.  

But as a fellow business owner I do pay attention to customer service and appreciate those businesses that give, give and give and expect nothing in return.  Not only were the employees happy and pleasant, but the owner genuinely took time to meet everyone out and about, standing in line and eating.  He didn't have to do that.  He didn't have to shake hands and ask names but he did.   And that my fellow entrepreneurs is how you do it. Thank you Mr. Little Miss Barbecue, and forgive me for forgetting your name."
Brisket and beans are the best! Had them cater for a wedding rehearsal dinner and they helped us plan how much food we should order. Staff was very friendly and helpful!  Everyone at the party said it was some of the best bbq they had ever had!
"In Phoenix on business for a week and everyone said Little Miss BBQ was a must try. We arrived exactly at 11am (when they open) and the line was already 40 minutes long.  They did have someone outside handing out free bottled water while you wait which was a nice touch.

The brisket was out of this world - probably the best brisket I've ever eaten (and we've done a few BBQ towns this year...).  The sausage was very good as well but I wasn't as crazy about the pork ribs. One of my coworkers got the smoked turkey and said it was excellent as well.

For sides, they have cheddar jalapeño grits (which were interesting and probably a must try at least once), BBQ beans, potato salad and cole slaw."
The BEST BBQ! I am from the south and I can genuinely tell you that this beats every place I have tried (even mom's... shhh). Get the fatty brisket and Bekke's pie. You're welcome.
"Unbelievable. The best BBQ I've ever had.  We got there at 11:06 and the line was wrapped around to the hour spot. I don't think I've ever waited that long for food before, but man it was good and the guys running the show are super nice.  The jalapeño grits were so so, but the Jefe sandwich with the brisket, sausage, coleslaw, and pickles was phenomenal. The BBQ was so good it didn't need any sauce, but their sauces are so good it just adds to it!  I got the jefe sandwich and then a pound of pulled pork to go along with 2 ribs (about a half pound) and 2 sausages and my total was a little over $48.  I'll be eating well the next couple days!"
Waited in line for 45 minutes and still worth a five star review. Great service and the best dang BBQ over ever had.
"Hands down best BBQ in Arizona. Fatty brisket is on par with the best places in Austin and Kansas City. Owner and staff are great, welcoming, and overall good people. Get here early cause you won't get a spot if you're here at 11."
"Waited 1.5 hrs on a sat, was well worth it! Brisket and sausage were the best I have had!"
"They get it!!! Great BBQ, well worth the wait. Brisket is an obvious choice, shoulder is fantastic as well as the links. I would pass on the ribs, they are good but pale in comparison to everything else. Don't waste plate space on the ribs.  Don't sleep on the Turkey!!!! Its legit!! You won't be disappointed. If they are offering the beef short rib get it! It's like meat candy!! Sides are just window dressing, cheddar jalapeño grits are excellent as are the beans, slaw is not good but like I said you're not there for sides!!  Best BBQ in the west hands down. This is real deal central Texas BBQ."
"They open 11am.  You don't want to wait until 1pm like we did on a Saturday.  No ribs or pulled pork left, so we settled for brisket , sausage and pecan pie.  I've had the ribs before.  Everything is excellent.  Always eat outside under the tarp on long picnic tables.   Down, dirty, always yummy.  Get there early.  They close every day at 4pm or when the food is all gone."
"Went for lunch, worth the wait in the line of devoted regulars. Had pastrami, brisket, turkey, beans, grits, and pecan pie. (Not all for me, shared between three of us ) all of it was amazing, the turkey was extremely moist and full of flavor. And the pecan pie was out of this world, and I do not like pecan pies."
#2 place to eat in the US for a reason.  The 1-2hr wait in line is worth it for the brisket and beans alone.  If you think you've eaten the best brisket in the country you haven't eaten here!!
So finally tried Little Miss after hearing and reading so much about it.  Got brisket & ribs and both were wonderful but I have to say the ribs were my favorite...best I have ever eaten.  So tender & meaty and were  really set off by a thin dab of house sauce.  I also really recommend the pecan pie...fabulous!  The sides were OK.
"Oh gosh is this good food, it gets packed quickly so get here early. Many others love this food"
"Coming from Chicago, where Smoque BBQ (nearly 3400 Yelp reviews and over 4 1/2 stars), is our hands down favorite, we were truly curious what the ""best 'Q' in Arizona"" was all about. We weren't disappointed. In fact our experience was unique. Quinton (please forgive me for any misspelling) and the rest of the team were most welcoming and truly service minded. A sample ""burnt end"" was handed out while we were waiting to order, and complimentary iced bottled water was available as well. 

We had brisket (regular and fatty) as well as pork ribs. Outstanding. Portions were generous and we both had more than enough from our platters to take home for another round. For dessert don't miss the smoked pecan pie. 

We'll agree with the advice of other reviewers about when to get there. We got there at 10:15 AM (the place opens at 11:00 AM) and the parking lot was already half full with a line of people already having formed. It's worth it. 

If you're passing through metro Phoenix, be sure to include ""Little Miss BBQ"" in your itinerary. If you live in metro Phoenix and haven't tried this unequaled eatery, get there. You won't be disappointed."
"My new favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Fall off the bone ribs and the sides are crazy good. I've checked out barbecue from all over the country, some of them being considered the best in the country and this place gives them a run for their money. The only way they could possibly improve is to have a license to sell beer. Barbecue is always better with a beer."
"As an avid BBQ junkie, I decided to check this place out and see what all the hype was about. I am not a very patient person, but I happened to visit on a Friday at 1pm (peak rush hour time). As I waited in line (for over an hour) I thought to myself ""No BBQ is worth this wait...no way am I giving this place more then 3 stars on yelp."" This meal can't possibly be worth the ridiculous wait.

But let me tell ya...it was! 

Wow! This place lives up to the hype! I ordered a plate with the pulled pork, lean brisket and 3 pork ribs. All were fantastic. I took home a pound of turkey, a pound of pulled pork, a pound of brisket, and 3 sausages. My family thought that everything was the best turkey/sausage/brisket/pork that they ever tasted. 

If I could do it over again, I'd go earlier and avoid the line. But I will be back and it is worth the wait! 5 stars! This is the Ferrari of BBQ."
"I'm not a very patient person. However, I will drive 6 hours outside of California and wait 3 hours line for even just a piece of Little Miss BBQ's Brisket. They have the best tasting brisket I have ever had in my life! We tried the brisket (fatty option), beef short rib, pork rib, and sausage! All delicious! Brisket was my favorite though! Tender as f--! 

The staff was amazing! They made the whole experience even that much better. From the opening announcements to the free samples of sausage while we waited! Everyone was super friendly and attentive! They made us feel like we were right at home! 

The hype is real!"
"Found this place on Yelp while in Phoenix on business, decided to give it a try for lunch. I was,at least initially, a little put off by the REALLY long line. I'm NOT a guy that waits at restaurants. If I can't get in right away, I'll come back some other time. When I'm hungry, I'm hungry NOW, and if I have to wait, I just get hungrier and increasingly grumpy. I'm just weird like that. But, for whatever reason, my coworker and I said what the heck, we're here, let's check it out and see what all the fuss is about. I mean, with a line that long, there's got to be something pretty good going on in there, right?

So we get in the line, which is probably 40 or 50 people deep. Luckily, the line is under a covered patio area, complete with misting devices to relieve the heat, and they're playing some old school country-- lots of Waylon and Willie and the like. This is a huge plus for me. When my dad and I would go fishing when I was a kid, back in the 70's, he only had 3 eight-track tapes in his car, and they were Waylon, Willie, and Kristofferson. It was a long drive, so I'd learned all those songs by heart before I was nine years old.  But I digress.

So the line moves VERY SLOWLY, which is normally something that would tick me off and I'd leave after about 5 minutes. But for some reason, maybe the smell, we stayed. For over an hour. And I wasn't even pissed, which is really, really weird. At some point, you cross a line where it's like ""we've been here THIS long, we may as well wait it out or it was all for nothing."" So we stayed, and stayed, and stayed. 

The good tunes continued, and a nice lady, who was the owner's sister I think, came around and passed out complimentary bottles of water, which was nice. And then...disaster struck.

After an hour in line, the owner comes out and says they're fresh out of brisket (the signature dish) and ribs, but there will still be pulled pork, sausage, and turkey.

Dude.  Now I'm getting pissed.  

But we stay, because we'd already been there for so long. And I can't get THAT pissed, because honestly, if this guy's business is doing so well that people stand in line for hours at lunchtime and he sells out of his wares, then God bless him, that's truly frickin' awesome. 

Finally, we make it in the door. It's not impressive at all in there, which is part of its charm. It's small. There's a counter where you order, and 4, maybe 5, small tables, pretty close together. And of course they're full. Your best bet here is get your food to go, or go sit outside on the patio,where there are some picnic tables. Your odds of getting a table inside during lunch are pretty long, so don't go there with that in mind. Consider it a fortuitous turn of events if it happens.

We got turkey, sausage, and pulled pork, plus the cheese grits and the beans as sides. And even though they weren't the signature dish, they were amazing. Seriously. Listen, I'm a fat dude from the south that travels extensively for a living, and loves to stuff my face, and I've had BBQ in every small town in Texas, and all over Louisiana, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, and the Carolinas (not crazy about the Carolina BBQ, but that's just me). This was top notch BBQ, folks.

So we resolved to go back the next day, a lot earlier, so we could get the brisket. And we did. We got there at 10:30am. The place opens at 11.  There was already a line when we got there, and we waited for over an hour AGAIN. Seriously. But I was on a mission. I was getting some damn brisket, one way or another. And I did.

Best. Brisket. EVER.  Seriously.  Every bit as good as anything you'll get at any BBQ competition in Texas.  And, it turns out, that's because the owner used to do BBQ competitions in Texas. And win them.  Now it's all making sense! 

Dude... are you still reading this? I mean, it's really, really, long. 

Anyway, the brisket melts in your mouth, and it's incredibly flavorful. You have to have some.  Really.  You must. 

So here's what you need to know:  They open at 11, and they sell until they sell out. If you want the brisket (and you do, trust me), you get there by 10:30 or 10:45, or they'll sell out before you get to the front of the line. You're going to wait a LONG time. Be ready for that, there's no way around it. You're going to want to get it to go, or sit outside at the picnic tables under the patio, because there are 4 or 5 small tables inside and a bazillion people there, so you do the math. We ate outside. It's kinda fun because the picnic tables are by the people in line, and they're all drooling over your food, and you can tell them how amazing it is, maybe even make a lot of exaggerated yummy sounds and BBQ ecstasy faces, just to irk them a little bit more. If, you know, you're that kind of person, and I'm not suggesting that you are.  I mean, you might be. Not that there's anything wrong with that.

So anyway, that's the review. Go there. Eat the brisket. It rocks."
"TWO HOURS IN LINE.
TWO HOURS. 
TWO. 
HOURS. 

We got here at 11:30 on a Friday and didn't get out of line until 1:30...

Please hire a consultant who can make the food service more efficient. The line wasn't long it was just painfully slow.

The food was FIVE STARS, though. Grits were fantastic. Beans were perfect. Brisket was 10/10!!"
"At the time I'm writing this there are over 1200 reviews for this place, almost every one of them rock-solid 5-stars. A large percentage of them go as far as to say this is the best barbecue place in Phoenix. Don't believe them! They are all lies! This is NOT just the best barbecue place in Phoenix. This may be one of the best barbecue places in America. Or the world for that matter!

I knew going in I was going to try the brisket. While ribs have always been my thing as I mature (ha!) I'm becoming a connoisseur of good brisket to the point that brisket is what I'm using as the litmus test for any barbecue place I try. Little Miss has taken me to a whole new level of brisket nirvana.

The place is unique. If I saw the sign while driving by there isn't a snowball's chance in Phoenix I would choose to go there. It was only because I Yelped nearby lunch spots that I ignored the way it looks and decided to go in. But with a huge concern about the possibility of a two-hour wait in line like some Yelpers described.  It was about 1:30 on a Wednesday and fate had it that there were only two people ahead of us.

Here's where it gets tricky, though. Little Miss only smokes enough meat for one day with the intent of selling out of everything by 4 PM. They don't have any refrigerators, ovens, or anything like that. Everything they sell is smoked (ok, not the potato salad, lol). The later you go in the day the higher your risk that they will be sold out, and if they sell out if everything they'll just like lock the door and go home. At 1:30 when I was there the gent in front of me got the last of the ribs and the gent behind me got the last of the brisket. By the time I finished my lunch they were sold out of almost everything. 

So, how good is good?  Well you're not going to find out by reading reviews, now are you? Just get your tush down there and taste it for yourself.

Final thoughts: the guy asked if I wanted to go half/half on fatty and lean brisket. Typically I would have said hell to the no to the idea of fatty brisket but I'm glad I decided to try it. The flavor was so intense I couldn't believe it. Overall the brisket is one of the best 5 I've ever had, and that includes some awesome dives in Texas.  Also not to be missed is the Jalapeño Cheddar Grits (a showstopper). I asked if I should choose potato salad or coleslaw and the answer was a resounding potato salad, which may now be my gold standard for potato salads.

And finally the service. On a scale 0-to-the moon in quality of service this place ranks ""over the moon"".  I think everyone there was born permanently happy and friendly. I'll go so far as to say the quality of friendliness and helpfulness at Little Miss may be the best service I've ever experienced in a restaurant."
"Unbelievable BBQ and extremely nice staff. I go around 2 and never have to wait long at all, but unfortunately their out of most things by then. It doesn't matter to me because everything on the menu is awesome so what ever is left I'm good with"
You will NOT find better BBQ within a good 300 to 500 miles! End review.
"Best bbq in AZ.  Parking is a nightmare and the line is always long, but it's all well worth it."
"Been going to LMBBQ for a few months now, and from now on this is my only BBQ stop, I won't go anywhere else in Arizona. Hands down the best TX style BBQ outside of Texas. And yes I've been to Franklins, LA Barbeque, Louie Mueller's, Pecan Lodge, Snow's, Luling City Market, Black's, Kreutz, Smitty's, Killen's, Corkscrew, etc, etc. So take it from me that LMBBQ is just about as good as any of those no kidding! So if you haven't been there yet then you've just got to try it, it's the real deal Texas BBQ experience!

Brisket - A+ brisket, whether lean or moist it's tender, juicy and like eating a slice of warm chocolate cake.

Turkey - A+ excellent, moist turkey, worth skipping Thanksgiving dinner for, sorry grandma!

Pulled Pork - A+ excellent porky flavor, no sauce added but still moist, not too fatty, not too salty and often has little bits of delicious bark mixed in.

Pork Ribs - Very meaty & tender with very little fat. That's how you know a true pit master knows his trade when the fat melts into the meat and in turn the meat melts in your mouth.

Beef Rib (Saturday's Only) Very good and worth the extravagant price once in a while! Very beefy flavor, lot's of peppery bark and not too greasy.

Sausage - Very good, not at all greasy, not too garlicky and made with a medium-coarse grind, nice.

Beans A+ They're a meal in itself with almost more meat than beans, no kidding. A little on the peppery side, though that suits me just fine. However a bit of there good BBQ sauce can be added in to sweeten them up. Either way very good.

Coleslaw - Homemade goodness, fresh made and not too dressed, just right.

Grits - Excellent, sublime even. Very creamy with just the right hint of cheddar cheese flavor.

Sauces - Homemade, 3 choices, all of them interesting, especially the sweet & tangy mustard version is great on the pulled pork and definitely on the Thursday only pastrami. 

As far as the smokey flavor of the meat is concerned, it's on the light side. Personally the smokier the better for me, but hey this is Arizona, not Texas and I doubt that the average desert dweller would enjoy overly smoked meat. So it is what it is but still dynamite.

You will have to stand in line for lunch, no way around it, though at least they have some shade to stand under and a mister system that really helps. And the inside is tiny with the few tables filling up quick, so it's either take-out or eat under the shade of their picnic tables. However it's worth a taking a chance waiting until after 1:00, usually the lines are gone and they still have many of their menu items available.

And it's a family operation and you will get to meet them all. Super nice people and I'm sure that eventually they'll grow into a larger establishment. Until then I'll see you in line!"
"Thanks to Yelp, I was able to experience a great BBQ restaurant! I had to do some research before coming here, especially with all the reviews about the wait time. 

My group arrived at 10:10am and found a parking spot right away. We were third in line and luckily under shade with lawn chairs. A very friendly gentleman greeted us and offered us icy cold water. He introduced himself and we found out he was the owner's father. He gave us a brief history of his son's BBQ history and restaurant info. As soon as we got in line, tons of cars started to drive in. By 10:20, most of the parking lot was full and the line was starting to get longer. I highly recommend arriving 50-60 minutes before it opens. 

By the time the restaurant opened, there was no more parking and a line had formed to get into the parking lot. The line in front of the restaurant was also wrapped around the outside patio into the parking lot. Right at 11am, we walked in and got a sample of the fatty brisket and sausage. I wanted to try as much as I could, so we got two plates with fatty brisket, pork ribs, pulled pork, and sausage. Because it was a weekend, the beef ribs ($20/1 lb) were available. 1 pound of the beef rib = 1 huge rib. My absolute favorites were the beef ribs & fatty brisket. The next time I come, I will definitely order those two again. We also tried all the sides and I liked the beans the best. There are various sauces to use with your meat, but all their meat is seasoned without sauce. 

Dessert- Pecan Pie is highly recommended!! The owner's wife came by and explained the thought process behind the pie. We LOVED the pie so much we finished it, even though we were so full from our meat-filled lunch. 

There are a few tables inside, so we were able to eat comfortably in an air-conditioned building. Customer service was also fantastic!"
"Omg...when you see a perfect 5 stars with over 1000 reviews, you know it is going to be amazing, and IT WAS! My husband and I visited Arizona for the month of February on our year long trip around the US. We were looking for a good BBQ place and this was the first place that popped up on Yelp. Based on the reviews, we knew we had to go.

We went around lunch time during the week, waited in line for maybe 25 minutes, and were enjoying our delicious BBQ shortly after! We do what we always do, and each got 2 different meats and 2 different sides so we could share. I don't know how, but we both cleared our plates! We have found that many BBQ places over salt their food, which is good, but only for a few bites. I have a hard time eating BBQ that is too salty, because after a few bites I feel full, but that was NOT the case here. The meat was perfectly seasoned and smoked, where it wasn't too overwhelming (and I was able to clear my plate!) All the sides were excellent! 

What I really liked was how they served you the food. They asked specifically what you wanted, such as ""more fat or less fat, more ribs or more brisket"" which was great! Normally we just get what we get! :) 

I would 100% be back next time we are in Phoenix!

I actually just wrote about our experience here in my blog post about the Food and Fun in Arizona: https://tandaintheusofa.com/2017/03/16/food-and-fun-in-arizona/"
"Showed up on a Thursday afternoon at 2:30 and they were sold out!!! Returned Friday at 1 and waited about 35 minutes to get my food, but it was well worth the wait. Love the sausage and the chopped brisket!! Great smoked flavor that is not over powering and you get to really enjoy the taste of the meats. If you want good BBQ, put this joint on your bucket list. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful."
"Best BBQ place in Phoenix by far. Would love to see them grow! Small building, small parking area, always a wait, but DEFINITELY WORTH IT!!"
"Fantastic
Come early. Line gets long quickly.
Great food.
A variety of smoked meats and sides. 
Great service."
This was my first experience at this establishment and I was not disappointed. Having read previous reviews I arrived at 10:20 AM expecting to have to wait awhile to get my order fulfilled. Free water was given to each customer who was in line. i was out with my order at 12:00 noon.  it was fun talking to all the patrons standing in line with me with smelling the bbq aroma.  We got a free sample of  the sausage which was very delicious. the food was the best bbq I have ever eaten!  When in Phoenix this is a must on your eating list.  The only mishap is that I discovered when I got home that our pecan pies were not with our order.  I contacted Little Miss BBQ and they apologized and  credited our bill. They also asked me next time I am in the area to stop by and get the pies.  I will be back.
Amazing BBQ. Best brisket I've had since I moved from Texas. Get there early. They close when they run out of meat. Served correctly with sauce optional/on the side. Sold by the pound or 1 or 2 meat plate and 3 sides. Priced right at $13-17 per pound.
"Awesome BBQ, need to get here about 10:30 or so if you want a full menu. They serve untill everything is gone. Try Briskett very tasty. 

Bring the family, great food."
Came here a little after 11:50 expecting to wait in line. Waited in line for about an Hour and a half but that wait was well worth it I'm from South Carolina and I love BBQ this here is in my top 5. They ran out of the fatty brisket but the lean was just as good and I loved the huge beef ribs I've been looking for those for some time now. But for desert you MUST try the pecan pie it is to die for I drove 3 hours took the pecan pie back home with me and when I bit into it I was upset I didn't try it there to get more.
Best place in town best pies! Ppl are fun family fun work good place to make an impression on the bosses from out of town close to hotels and airport! Location!
"Hands down the best brisket I've ever had. Keep saying I will order something different to give it a try, but I just cannot go here without getting the brisket. Tender, juicy, packed full of flavor. Unfortunately the last 2 times we have gone, they were sold out for the day. We will have to get there earlier next time! Staff is extremely friendly and seem to love what they do. Makes for a wonderful atmosphere. Even during the long line waits, they are there handing out bottled water and even sunscreen. Its the little things that leave big impressions. Keep up the good work Little Miss."
"This place is extraordinary. Had the jefe with chopped brisket, only because they were already out of sliced brisket by 1:30. Get here early, prepare to wait in line (don't worry, it goes pretty quickly) for some of the best BBQ you've ever had. Scott, the owner, is passionate about his craft and pays incredible attention to every detail in the smoking process. Custom built smokers, designed by the owners to smoke their meat perfectly. Homemade sausage, amazing pulled pork, and the baked beans on the side were outrageous. By 2:30 things had slowed down a bit and we got to talk to both Scott and his biggest fan- his dad. They love what they do and you can tell."
"If I could give this place 10 stars I would! I've heard about this place from lots of people. Thought it couldn't be all that right? Called and they said it looked like an hour wait. Now I'm not usually the kind of person who likes to wait in a line but I thought ok I have some down time. 

I arrive at this place and sure enough there was a line. But here is the thing about the line. Every 10 min or so someone comes out to check on the people standing there. To let them know what items have either sold out or about to. There is water and even sunscreen provided!  It's pretty awesome customer service. The dad of the owner even came by to tell me all about their food and what would be good for a first timer like me. 

I pretty much got a little of everything. And yes!!!!! It was fabulous! The ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and sausage seriously mouth watering! 

But really what makes it take a little piece of my heart is their genuine customer service. I love how everyone there seemed to care about the customers and looked after each and every them.  

If you like some fantastic BBQ go here. If you want to go to a place that treats its customers right definitely go here but why not get the best of both by coming here! 

I can't wait to come back for more!!!!"
"Nearly cried, the food was so good and the service was so incredibly personal. I felt like family. Waited for two hours and would've waited ten more. And thanks to Denny for the water while we were in line!!"
"I don't know where to start since there's so much to say!!

El jefe sandwich was delicious
Ribs were so tender, no sauce needed
Lean brisket was juicy and the smoke flavor yumm!
Jalapeno grits were good but.... the beans are the way to go!! I could eat the beans daily. And the potato salad had great flavor.
Sausage was juicy with a tiny kick, a must try!
Oh coleslaw also very tasty!
And you can't skip dessert even if you have to take it to go!! Smoked pecan pie was like no other! 

I can say that for my taste I preferred the lean brisket over the fatty brisket. Don't let the word ""lean"" make you think it will lack in flavor or tenderness. It was still juicy, just not as fatty. 

Come early, you can bring your own chairs to wait in line. Waters are provided for you, plus a tour of the smokers. But what truly makes this place special is the employees! The owner is so humble and welcoming, you instantly feel like you've known him for some time. The owners father is sweet and helpful, and all the other employees cutting up meat, giving samples, at the register etc they all have a smile on and this friendly open approach to them. Great stuff this place!

Will be back, with more family"
"One of the best meals I've ever had. This place was simply remarkable. The brisket is a must have and should a part of any meal you have here. The line looks intimidating but moves pretty quickly, it will be worth it once you see the care being taken to ensure only the best BBQ is being served. Service was top notch. This place is a new favorite."
"After waiting in line for an hour on Wednesday at 11 a.m., I finally ate the brisket, pork ribs, and beans. The beans were great! The brisket was full of fat and tough to eat, even with the so-so bbq sauce.  Ribs were the same. How disappointing and a waste of $15.00!  Why do people think this is the best BBQ?  If there wasn't such a long wait, I'd come back for the beans only. BTW, it was nice to get a free bottled water while I waited in line. Friendly staff."
"Flat out, the best BBQ in Phoenix!  Believe me - I've looked.
Their custom smoker delivers perfectly smoked meats and their house sauce is an excellent blend of sweet and tangy.
You'll have to wait - for most of us, patience is not our finest virtue.  Don't worry - it'll be worth it.  What's more, the folks at Little Miss BBQ understand your hunger pangs and will reward your patience with free water while you're in line and free samples as you finally get to the counter.  
There are only a handful of parking spots, so you'll need to be guided in by the parking attendant.  And there's only a few tables, both inside and out.  But really, you should be loading up with pulled pork & brisket by the pound and a couple bottles of sauce before returning to your home or office as the conquering hero."
The wait is 1 hour at least (they distribute water in the line) but the meat is worth it even though eaten with plasticware. The place is also small but there are tables outside
"OMG! Queuing up for this lovely fare is worth the wait.  Had a chance to sample a variety of meats brought to us three days ago by an intermediary.  Each bite rewarded my palate with taste and flavor that indicated attention to preparation, and an experienced hand in finishing the product. The attending sauces enhanced what is already a success.  When I get the occasion to go myself, I'll investigate side dishes."
"First off. Everyone is correct when they say be prepare to stand in line. Got there at 9am today and no one was there. Within 10 min two cars showed up. I ended up second in line around 9:15 and waited until they opened at 11. Around 10:45 they announced the wait was about 1.5 for those who were further into the line. Regardless .... It was 100% worth the wait. They offered sausage samples while waiting in line. As one of the first in line, they offered me the crispy side of the first brisket they pulled out once I got inside - it melted in my mouth! Once I got in, I ordered and was out of there within 10 minutes. Although the wait is unbelievable it is definitely worth it. Definitely will come back or order in advance for family dinner. I am a believer!!"
"So i took the short drive from ASU over to Little Miss BBQ during my lunch break and i must say this is absolutely the best BBQ in Phoenix hands down. Plus you know its good if theres a line out the door 10 minutes to 11am, something you only read about happening in TX! The place is small limited seating inside but for the most part if the weather is nice there's a patio everyone gathers at. The place hasn't been opened long i believe late Feb 2014 or early March. I ordered the 2 meat plate w brisket and sausage w beans(WITH BRISKET) and potato salad, the brisket is cut to your liking and you even get a sample while they're cutting and was cooked to perfection, from the taste of it these guys i think nailed it! Holy cow! This could be in my opinion better then some joints in Texas! I spent a few seconds talking to Scott and he said it's cooked in a custom smoker by R&O in Granbury TX. spending time in Austin was the key to successful BBQ here in AZ. Visiting places such as John Mueller, La BBQ, Franklins helped craft his own take on Texas style BBQ. Don't be scared of the surrounding area its a little trashy industrial park / strip clubs but trust me its worth the stop, the bbq that is! Five stars all the way & get there early!"
"F-bomb! So good!!!! I made love to my meat! I don't even like brisket and it was delicious! We got a 2.2lb beef rib that changed our life! The people are personable and love what they do, the owner included. They have misters outside which help a bunch and complimentary water while you wait. Not sure what the week days are like but on Saturday go early, the line is long but totally worth every minute, we got there by 11:30a and they had run out of the fatty brisket and we got the last beef rib. Regardless, everything is delicious! Even my pulled pork had an amazing crust that was magical."
"Long line, super friendly staff offering bottled water and samples of sausage, BEST BBQ I've ever tasted in my life!! Worth the wait, don't hesitate to try it."
"1/2 best BBQ I've ever had, worth every minute to wait for and every penny spent to taste their meets sides and friendliest service. In my opinion one of the best in the US."
"Little Miss is da bomb baby!! Each and every item on the menu is delicious!! Brisket, turkey and cheddar jalapeño grits......oh my!!"
"Came for lunch again and left amazed. The staff is friendly and funny. They also give out samples while you are waiting with free bottles of water. Helps when you are waiting in line, which you will do. But hey, it's a sign of good food. 

One cool thing they do is offer quick tours of their smokers while you wait too so you can see how the meet is cooked. The guy, Denny, really knows his stuff and goes above and beyond for each customer. 

I'll say it again, best brisket I've ever had and best all around be place in Phoenix."
Authentic! Excellent! BBQ at its best and the charisma of the staff is yer another element that completely elevates the experience! Well worth the wait
"The actual barbecue is very good, smoky & well cooked. The sauces are amazing as well, particularly the spicy sauce. The sides are generally good especially the beans, but the potato salad needs some work - potatoes were too hard and the flavor need improvement. The wait is long, but worth it. And the mini pecan pies are amazing and a must-have!"
"Nothing short of edible-mind-blowing.

Literally can't say enough about this place.

Awesome people. Unbelievable food.

I mean... actually unbelievable.

Like... I can't believe meat this good can exist.

Do everything in your power to get here as soon as possible..."
"This place was amazing. Food is perfect, well worth the 30 minute line as it was the lunch rush. Owner came and spoke to us to make sure everything was satisfactory. 

Beans were the best side dish. They use the leftover cuts and add that to the recipe. 

We will most certainly be coming back to this fine establishment!"
"First time here after reading rave reviews from consumers and national critics and reading how this place got started.  Bought 50$ worth of food:  5 kinds of meat, got all 4 sides and a pecan pie.  The reviews are accurate.  There's a reason why this place took 3rd in the COUNTRY for best BBQ and 13th overall in best restaurant in all categories.  The wait time for me was alittle over an hour but please don't let that deter you.  You will be very happy u did.  They will assist in parking and give you free samples sometimes(I got it).  The owner and his dad will also come out and talk to u and they are hands on with their place.  I've nvr had BBQ like this anywhere.  The brisket is so juicy and tender and their pork ribs are equally the same.  On Thursdays, they sell pastrami and I nvr had it that good.  Fridays, they sell beef short ribs(I will do tht soon).  So do yourself a favor and go experience the best BBQ ever."
Best BBQ in PHX. Enough Said. The lines are long but worth the wait.
"This was my first visit to Little Miss BBQ... and certainly NOT my last. I arrived 45 minutes before closing time, and the food was fresh and fantastic!!! I had a combo plate with ribs, brisket, beans, and potato salad. Loved it!!! The meat was of excellent quality and cooked to perfection. Hats off to the owners. An acquaintance told me about Little Miss BBQ, and I decided to stop by on a whim. I'm so glad I did.

The staff was friendly, accommodating, fun, and personable. If you're looking for some good ""Q"".... I recommend Little Miss BBQ. Don't let the modest location and zip code deter you, the establishment is nice."
The food is amazing!  I ordered the brisket which melted in my mouth. This is literally the best BBQ I have ever tasted. The only reason I did not rate it 5 stars is due to the wait and lack of seating. This is the problem with being so good. So go early or eat a late lunch and you will be ok. If you go right at 12:00 though you will have a problem if time is of the essence. The owner himself served us and is really friendly. I hope they will move to a larger location soon as clearly they have the best BBQ in town.
Oh my gosh awesome place there beef ribs are to die for! There brisket also are delicious. I had gotten completely full but I will definitely return!
"This place rocks. I have had some of the best BBQ in Austin Tx, but this is a new level. The staff is super friendly and the brisket and beef ribs have a taste that you will not forget. 5 stars all the way"
"AMAZING!!! Love this place. Who knew I would come to Phoenix for some great tasting BBQ!

Parking is tight! Leave the Bentley Coupe home. 

Get the Smoked Pecan Pie too. Yummy"
"Saturday, March 26, the hubby and I got it in our heads to finally venture down and check out Little Miss Bbq to see if it rivaled our (former) favorite, Bobby Qs.  Their hours?  Tuesdays through Saturdays, 11-4.  Or until sold out.  That last bit scared me a little and as we drove over at 11.24AM, I joked that maybe they were already sold out.  We laughed it off.

They were nowhere close to being sold out when we got there, but as we sat in the car waiting to turn into the overcrowded parking lot, and as we stood in line, that little fear never left my mind.  And to be fair, we were waiting, for a while. Two and a half hours, to be exact.  I've never seen a line this long for food.  At points, it had crossed my mind to leave and get something else for lunch but we stood our ground, or rather, place in line, and waited.

The entire experience waiting in line was actually pleasant.  Or at least as pleasant as standing in line can be.  There was a guy out front, acting as a bouncer for anyone who tried to turn into the parking lot without waiting their turn.  There was another guy, directing the cars in the parking lot, offering a bottle of water to everyone who drove in.  Standing in line wasn't entirely terrible - there were misters that made it almost cold, there was shade, and there were all of the delicious smells.  As I waited, staring at the menu, I am guilty of changing my order several times before deciding on sticking to my original plan - half a pound of pulled pork and a sausage.  The hubby got a two-meat plate (brisket and pork ribs) and jalepeno cheese grits and a potato salad for his sides.  I shamelessly stole a little bit of everything on the hubby's plate and was a little upset with myself for not ordering the brisket, but everything was so good, I really couldn't be upset for long.

Was it worth the wait, hell yes.  Did it unseat Bobby Qs as my favorite barbecue place, without a doubt.  Would I do it again, unfortunately, because of the long wait, probably on occasion, or when I gather enough people to pre-order 5lbs worth of meat - apparently that's one of the ways you can cut down on your wait time.  Or strategically showing up an hour or so before it opens.

Also, kudos to the team working that Saturday before Easter (or any day really, seeing how every review seems to indicate that they're always busy).  They were quick and efficient and extremely friendly - even if you were a little grumpy after waiting in line, they'd definitely turn that frown upside down."
"The line in the morning is worth the wait. I miss them offering beef ribs on Friday, but everything still available is as good as barbeque can be."
"I've had BBQ at a lot of places, Texas, South Carolina, New York, tons of places in Los Angeles, and I will say hands down this place has the best fatty brisket I've had. It's not even close. The Ribs are also the best I've ever had. I can't wax more poetic about this place using the written word so you're just going to have to go yourself and let your mouth experience this place. 

Definitely get here early though, they run of their best meats by noon and the line starts well before they open. I'd say it'd be safe to get there right at open. Be prepared for a wait, at least 30 minutes. but #worthit."
"Okay.  I've heard some very good things about this place and have been itching to give it a try.  Unfortunately, Phoenix BBQ has been a string of disappointments for me so I'm always hopeful that some place will come along to fill the massive BBQ void here.  Could this be ""the one""?

I arrived at 10:45 a.m. on a Saturday and there was already a line.  Word-of-mouth has definitely spread about this place and customer traffic has gained good traction as a result.  Always promising to have people line up for your food right?  The folks at Little Miss BBQ are very hospitable and they start that while you are in line.  There was a gentleman handing out bottled waters and helping people organize their vehicles in the parking lot.  They also had misters going to help the would-be patrons stay cool in this ridiculous Arizona heat.  The doors opened at 11 a.m. and the line moved along nicely.  I ordered the 2 meat plate with Jalapeno Cheddar Grits and Beans.  As usual, I picked beef brisket and ribs.  See pictures below.  I was happy to see sliced brisket and was getting pretty excited at this point.  Indoor seating filled up pretty quick since the space is limited, but I had no problem finding a spot at one of the benches outside.  The meat was seasoned well, moist and tasted good.  I would describe the flavor profile as tangy and peppery.  I sampled some of their sauces and they tasted pretty good.  The sides were flavorful as well.

Overall, I was happy with the flavor of the food.  I did feel like the food was a little overcooked, but it was not bad.  There were no deal-breakers for me, but in the end, I just wasn't blown away with the experience.  I was glad I made the trip and may go back if I'm in the area.  In closing, you should definitely give Little Miss BBQ a shot.  It is some of the better BBQ that I've had in Phoenix."
"I have had bbq from a number of the best places in Texas. Little Miss makes brisket as good as the best.  Order the fatty brisket- well worth the extra calories.  We also enjoyed the sausages, pork ribs, and grits. The place has the Franklin feel as people line up before the open."
"One of the best little hole in the wall restaurants in Phoenix! Get here early, cause the sign that says ""Served until it's gone"" is no joke. The staff is very friendly and their pies of the day finish off a great BBQ experience"
"Waiting in line for two hours contributed a lot to the hype for the food here at LMBBQ... but it lived up to the expectations. I got there a bit late so I wasn't able to get a full serving of the fat brisket, but to be honest the regular brisket is also freakishly delicious. If you're looking for a more balanced taste, I would recommend it instead. The pulled pork was also amazing. 

For first timers: get a plate w/ 2 sides. The pies are also a must-get. Sauces offered and restaurant exclusive but aren't necessary."
Best BBQ in town! Definitely has some long lines so get there early. The sides are also all so delicious.
Great experience. Wonderful customer service skills. The food was mouth watering. The whole thing was a pleasure and unique experience. I got a two meat plate with brisket pork ribs jalapeño cheddar grits and beans. The house sause was amazing. Would definitely recommend checking it out! I went 1 pm on a Friday and only waited about 10 minutes. Not bad.
"I have ate this bbq a couple times now and even did a large Togo order. I did place the order a week a head. I can't begin to tell you how amazing the food is. I haven't tried everything but I have tried a lot and hands down this is the Mecca of BBQ on the western half of the US. Get there early, stand in line and treat your self, you won't be disappointed! PS if you can get the pastrami it is AMAZING!"
"This is not a restaurant, but a road-side stand with benches out back for those that can't wait to get home to start eating.  Its $15.50 to $21 per pound.  You can place a pre-order the week before by email, or wait in line outside for hours.  Due to their limited cooking capacity and sales to restaurants and caterers, they always seem to sell out their best cuts by noon.  Some cuts like Beef Short Ribs and Pastrami are only available certain days.  Their fatty brisket is generally considered the best in the valley, but I prefer leaner cuts that you get to pick as they slice it in front of you."
Went here a few months ago and forgot to review but wow the BBQ is amazing.  Love the chill environment too!
Just try the brisket. There is a reason all 5 star reviews.
"I'm in love with this place. 

Yes, the line is long but it's no worse that what you'd find at the best Austin spots. Go early, get a ticket for your spot in line, sit in your car (if it's too hot out) and then queue up around 10:30 for the 11am opening. Grab a small bottle of complimentary water (that you can refill at their thermos) while you wait. If you show up at 11am, expect to be anywhere from 30th (if you are really lucky) to 100th in line. We arrived at 9:50 today and there were two small groups in front of us. Someday we'll be first in line!

While in queue, one of the staff brought out their latest jalapeno sausage for us to try. It was super!

Once the door opens and you make it to the counter, you are typically greeted with a taste of fatty brisket burnt end. 

I've been at least a dozen times now and have had the fatty brisket (5 stars), regular brisket (4 stars), pork rib (4 stars), pulled pork (4 stars), beef rib (4 stars), lamb neck (5 stars), and pastrami (4 stars). The last 3 items are special days only. 

The sides are good to passable. I really like the cheese/jalapeno grits, the slaw is ok, the beans have greatly improved recent...haven't tried the potato salad. 

Plates come with white bread, pickles, and onion.

There are 3 sauces on the table but I've barely touched them as the meat is all I need as-is. 

Staff rocks it! Great food, great people. Can't go wrong here."
"Unbelievable BBQ. We got there at 9:40 (opens at 11) and they gave us a ticket so we didn't have to stand in line, which was cool. They brought out samples while we waited. The staff and owner were all super nice. But none of that matters-what matters is the food was A-grade Texas-style BBQ. I'm a former BBQ judge and this BBQ was up there with the best Austin has to offer ... the sides weren't great (who cares) but the brisket and beef ribs were AMAZING. All of the meats were super good. Worth getting there early and worth the $95 we spent including tip :)"
Definitely one of the best BBQ restaurants in the country!  The wait is definitely worth it but better get here early before they sell out!
"This is the first time I'm ever saying this in a Yelp review.  6 STARS!!!!!  Yes, the best restaurant of any type I have found since I began yelping.  If you like BBQ and are within 200 miles of Little Miss BBQ make sure you don't miss out."
"Really good food if your willing to wait in line! Staff was super friendly and parking pretty much sucked. We got there at 10;45 and they don't open till 11, so we had a decent place in line and the ordering process is such that it takes a little longer at the door to first order and then be seated ( very limited seating) and the food cutter at the door is giving out samples that are quite scrumptious, but I have to wonder if you can ever do lunch in 1 hour here. I will for sure  go back when I have time, but it's one of those deals where even if you get there early you still have to wait. Only downfall on this place- is the wait line- food was awesome."
"Easily the best BBQ in AZ, and it's not even close. 

The hype is real folks, it took me 5 times (yes 5 times) to traverse the line and get the ribs and fatty brisket and it was very tasty. Both are cooked perfectly, great smoke rings, juicy, and the ribs fell off the bone. You could easily eat the ribs off the bone with a plastic fork, they're that tender. 

They had a pastrami brisket special today that was exceptional, I made a sandwich with it and the classic white bread, pickles and onions they provided. The pickles and onions added a nice texture and acidity that helped balance out the Q and when paired with the pillowy soft white bread made for a great dish. 

If I had a minor nitpick with the food it would be that the meats were a bit over salted for my personal taste, but the 3 different tasty sauces helped balance that out. 

The only issue is the wait, it's long. If you are a lover of BBQ it is well worth the wait, but if you want some of the more popular meats like the fatty brisket and ribs you better get there at 11am at the latest, which some days might even be too late and expect to wait close to 2 hours. Hopefully when they open the Sunnyslope location it might lighten up a bit. 

ADDITIONAL TIP
Your best bet is get a few friends together, call a week in advance and put in a order to pick up. You have to order 5 lbs. of meat and it has to be 7 days in advance, but if you have a group of 4-5 it can be easily done and you won't have to wait."
The best BBQ in AZ. Get there by 10:30am if you want a parking spot. The staff does an excellent job of making you enjoy the whole experience!
"The food was outstanding, there's no question about that. The best brisket I've ever had and excellent turkey and pulled pork. Couple of downsides, the sample plate of four meats, two sides and soda was $18.54. Now there wasn't a lot of meat on that dish so its very pricey. If you look at the pictures of the ribs others have taken, you'll see the tail end flap meat is still there.  This meat is mostly fat and bone and should have been trimmed. Most places do but since you're paying by the pound here, its advantageous by the establishment to leave it on. Another yelper mentioned being prompted to leave a tip when swiping your card. It's poor form to have this when you're getting your food at a counter.  It's great food and if you've got $20 to drop on lunch, go for it."
"I have no idea why this place has a high rating and has a lot of hype. first off I wasted 2 hours of my life waiting in line. finally get in and the station where the guy is cutting the meat looks like a tornado blew through. FILTHY! ordered brisket,turkey,sausage and pulled pork. brisket was dry and tasted like dog food. horrible! turkey was chewy. not sure if it was under cooked or not. horrible! sausage tasted like bologna. horrible! pulled pork wasn't bad. the only meat that I finished. being from Texas I've had some good BBQ. this place is nowhere close! wouldn't last a week in Texas! could've gone to Luby's to get better meat. very disappointed. don't waste your time listening to all the hype. or if you do believe the hype, I've got some ocean front property here in AZ to sell ya!"
"So I am not native to the area, but my friend strongly insisted that we go here and let me tell you it was an experience. My friend and I woke up early so we could start lining up by 9:30AM. Keep in mind that Little Miss doesn't open until 11:00AM. When arriving, they gave us tickets that held out spot in line while we relaxed. 

The place was very accommodating, as they were clearly experienced in this. They had ample water coolers around, sunscreen, and a misting system to keep us cool. Before the restaurant opened, a guy came out and hyped up the crowd, which was very fun. 

When we went to order, my friend and I each got the plates, which included 2 sides. He got the pork ribs and I got the brisket (fatty and lean) and split each. The food was amazing; the meats were tender. The ribs fell right off the bone and the brisket was juicy. 

Little Miss has a little outside patio with sauces on each table (house, spicy, and sweet and tangy mustard). Seating was more than enough and there was never overcrowding or people waiting for spots. 

Overall, Little Miss BBQ is our little Valhalla in the desert."
"Delicious! We had ribs, brisket, sausage, grits, coleslaw and potato salad. It's the best BBQ we've had in Arizona by far. Much better than Joe's. Highly recommend. Check hours and the days they are closed."
"Well I might as well follow this 5 Star parade. 
This place gets it!
Superb Q in an unpretentious location and they make you earn your Q. And what I mean by that is, you gotta wait in line for a long time. Now it has been my mantra that nothing is worth more than, at most, a 30 minutes wait. First time in my life, at the persistent insistence of my son Basit, that I grudgingly waited almost an hour and half, standing in line, for my food. 
Lemme tell you. It was worth every minute of the excruciating wait after getting in line well before 15 minutes of opening time. Does that tell you how long the line was. 
Each of us got a pound of their beef brisket, grabbed one of the tables and then gently floated into brisket heaven. IT DON'T GET NO BETTER THAN THIS!!!
This is brisket at its best. Forget Texas, forget Kansas City. Brisket heaven is in Tempe, AZ. 
Did I mention that my son actually got another pound to take back to Colorado?"
"Only thing remotely bad that I have to say is the line is long, they make it as bearable as possible with bottles of water when it is hot.  Food is off the chain good which explains the long lines."
"Lean and fatty brisket, best I've ever had!  Great friendly service, well worth the wait, but very expensive.  Meat by the pound options and they always give out samples and water while you wait in line.  Get there at 1030am on weekdays to get a good spot in line.  I thought the jalapeño grits were a little bland, but the coleslaw and ribs both incredible and fresh!  The pickles and onions are a nice touch and go well with all the meats."
"Get here early as they do sell out and there will be a line. With that out of the way, this is hands down the best BBQ in the valley. Moist smoked brisket is exceptional, and the love and dedication to their craft shows through with each cut of meat. This is destined to become a valley legend, and its accolades are well deserved."
"We finally drove up from Tucson to check this place out. The line moved faster than I expected (we waited maybe 30min), but that's probably only bc it was rainy. A guy came outside periodically and updated everyone about the meats they were running low on. This was nice bc everyone in line had the chance to rethink what they planned to order before getting inside the restaurant
All in all, it was an OK BBQ spot. It didn't wow me (but neither does any other BBQ spot I've visited in Tucson or Phoenix). However, the workers and owner were all pretty friendly and although the line was long, they were willing to answer questions. We didn't feel rushed once it was our turn to order"
"Having heard about this place for a couple of years led me to think my expectations would be impossible to meet.  Everyone said it was the best ever, etc.  However, today I learned it was the real deal.  
I had heard it was best to arrive early and that the line gets pretty deep.  So I arrived 35 minutes before they opened (@11).  Like Disneyland, they have little notations indicating how long your wait will be at various points.  I wouldn't have guessed that even arriving that early i'd still have to wait another hour... It is the Friday before Super Bowl and quite a few customers were getting ready for the big show.  But regardless, the wait was absolutely worth it.
This place has the best brisket I've ever had.  The blend of flavors, bbq'd to perfection, melt in your mouth - wow!  We were given a sample of sausage that was equally tasty so picked up some of it for later.  
The topping on the cake was having a chance to meet the owners - who were so personable and eager to visit with customers.  All of the staff seemed to like what they were doing, too, so unless they are decent actors, everything about Little Miss BBQ is legit.
This place is everything I'd heard and more.  But don't take my word for it, take the time and check it out.  If you like BBQ, it truly is the best!!"
"I'm not going to bandwagon a 5 star here. The food is absolutely the best meat I've ever eaten. I had a great first experience, but my second trip was not so great. I know the warning is that they can run out, but when they 86 three to four items at the same time you're standing in the doorway after waiting for 45+ minutes; it becomes a little stressful when the two in front of you are 300+ pounds each. Sadly, they ran out of the two things I came for - the brisket and the sausage. I ""settled"" (I use the term VERY loosely because all of their food is just too GD good) for the pulled pork chopped brisket sandwich.

What I didn't appreciate is how the guy scraped the bottom of both tins for mine, but not the person in front of me (obviously) and the person behind me got two fresh tins (obviously). In addition, he shorted me on the chopped brisket because he (admittedly by going ""whoa too much, oh well"") overloaded the guy's sandwich in front of me, so there wasn't enough to do half and half on mine. I was annoyed, but whatever. I get to the side and order the beans. Again, the server started scraping the bottom, but came up short. I stopped her and asked when she would have more and she said she was out. I said nevermind, she got an attitude which was unexpected, and I got the potato salad instead. I get my food, get two steps away towards the register, and the cook brings out fresh beans for the person after me!!! I stopped and said ""you said you were out?!"" and the lady completely ignored me.

I had a bad experience. Not saying it isn't worth the trip, but be prepared to get screwed over if it is busy. This place has amazing food and, when it's not busy, great service. If you're from out of town, buy a jar of barbecue sauce and change your friends lives back home. Lol"
"I guess if Jesus ate Brisket he might eat it here.

We arrived at 10:50am that's 10 minutes before they opened and the lot was packed I thought we'd have to leave but they have someone directing traffic and told us were we could park. We decided we'd wait in the long line that wrapped around the outside and behind the small area of out door picnic tables. During out wait in line people were passing out bottles of water so you didn't pass out in the heat. A woman in line in front of us kept raving about the pecan pie from 20 some minutes straight so I thought I had to try it too. We waited ABOUT AN HOUR till we were in the door to order. 

We finally get in the door to order. The meat is hand cut to order and the person doing it is fast, friendly and efficient and also gives out samples to people who aren't sure on what they are ordering. 

Between my plate and my husbands plate we had the Moist Brisket (they also have lean) Turkey Breast, Pulled Pork, House Made Sausage and all four sides Meaty Beans (from all the meat scraps, Cheesy Grits, Potato Salad and Cole Slaw.

All the meats were very good but on the day we were here the Moist Brisket really stood out above the rest. It was so succulent with just the right amounts of careful smoking and spice. The ends of the pieces were a little too fatty for me but my husband likes them that way so it worked out for sharing. 

For me some things were less than stellar such as the slightly dry and bland potato salad and the too sweet and too gooey pecan pie but I don't think I need to remove them a whole star when the meats and hospitality was so high.

Really a 4.5 mostly because of casual and limited table option atmosphere, and the long wait in line. It's sort of like being at the Pizzeria Bianco of BBQ and you just have to wait....

4.5 Stars"
"Received a personal note from the owner of the restaurant, with a very thoughtful response. He even knew the average wait time by the numbers - a minute twenty per person, apparently! It does seem that I came on a particularly rough day, and that they do take care in trying to reduce wait times so that everyone can enjoy the food. I'd agree that one star is too harsh, and that in consideration of the food three stars is more appropriate. I look forward to coming back for more time spent eating and less time waiting!"
"I'm giving this a 5 on flavor alone! As a fellow smoker, i totally appreciate when the technique is thorough. I'll be going back tomorrow."
"Smoky and well spiced brisket sandwich was incredible. I ate mine this last time with out sauce and I was amazed at the flavor and rub that they used. 

My very favorite is the jalapeño cheddar grits. They are spicy and smooth."
"Hands Down best BBQ in Phoenix - get there early the line is real, and they often sell out of products.  


Service and Staff attitude are fantastic!  

A trio of sauces for all bbq palettes.  

There's another highly rated BBQ place closer to my work but I'll drive and do the line for a fix of this.  

I'm like a junkie now after two weeks."
"This place is outstanding.  People don't line up EVERYDAY and yell 1-2-3 meat for bad BBQ!

I'm astounded there is even a single negative review.  

There is usually a pretty long wait.  And when they run out of meat, they close.

Definitely recommend this place.  Some of the best BBQ I have ever had."
"Just damn delicious.   Fatty brisket, pecan pie, sausage.. you really can't go wrong with any of it.  It is Austin Texas style bbq with some fantastic  people running it with great personalities."
"So we first showed up here at around 9am and there were maybe 4 to 5 people already in line. We sat around for a bit and a man gave us a ticket and told us we would start standing in line based on our ticket number at 10:30. This was something new to our friends so we didn't want to risk leaving and coming back to a longer line. However, the person in front of us totally grabbed his ticket left and didn't show up until like 15 mins before they opened. Totally got his like third place in line and everything. When it gets closer to 11am they send out samples of their sausages and it was delicious and there's also a hype man that comes out to hype everyone up right before they open and counts us down to opening. 

Now for the food. It was TOTALLY worth the two hour wait for opening hours. I got the fatty brisket, pork ribs, jalapeño cheese grits and potato salad. Everything was so good like liquid meat. The fatty brisket and pork ribs were so tender I didn't even need my plastic knife to cut the meat. All I had to do was twist my fork and the meats would pull apart. For the pork ribs I just dug my fork in and the bone fell off. What makes the experience even better is the service. It was amazing, everyone was so friendly and so welcoming. I'd definitely recommend coming early and waiting two hours to guarantee being one of the first to eat as opposed to coming at 11 and waiting in a three hr line and potentially running out of the meats you want to try."
"SPOT ON.  5 stars!!! Been to Franklins and Blacks around Austin- this place is as good or better.  Got lucky when we got there at 1230 the line was not bad- waited only 20 mins.  They still had turkey and sausages at that time.  

You can buy by the pound if you wanted to try all their meats.  Got the 2 plate meat and added sausage.  The sausage was delicious.  Got the brisket- love the fatty side.  The ribs was soft and fell off the bone.  The jalapeño grits was great.  Try all three sauces- all were good but the spicy sauce was bold and not too spicy.  Ended the meal with pecan pie- so good.  Only things missing is cornbread.  Highly recommend this place.  Deserves its 5 star rating."
"Let me start with, if there was ever something to wait in a line for 2 hours for in the AZ sun it is this. I have been going to Little Miss since almost when they opened (no idea where my earlier review went) and I can hands down say that this will be the meal I request on my death bed!

The owner Scott and his staff are outstanding. From how you are greeted pulling into the parking lot (and yes I was excited to be able to park down the street and walk back), to the guys working the line handing out free water bottles on a 100+ degree day, to bringing out a sample of the sausage to those us us in line, to the glorious sample of the fatty brisket when you finally make it in the door, to the team on the line and the cashier, what a great bunch!

Now to the food...Where to start. FATTY BRISKET, FATTY BRISKET, FATTY BRISKET. The flavor of the meat, the rub, the bark, the juicy goodness (drooling as I write this). When they pull the full brisket out of the butcher paper and you see the pool of juicy goodness and then they slap it on the cutting board and you get the little bit of giggle from the top of the brisket, oh my!  Then the fantastic thick slices of brisket that you have to stare at as they weigh it out (the scale always works out for the customer). 

The meat from the Pork Ribs pulls off the bone. These are the tenderest and tastiest Ribs I have ever had. From the rub, to the meat, everything is outstanding. The house made sausage with small bits of jalapeno is great too. I have never made it to the other meats because the brisket and ribs are so good. They had a huge run on Pulled Pork the day I was there and the guy in front of me got the last pound. I think that explains how good it is when their Saturday supply was gone by the time I got to the counter (we were there when it opened and waited in line 2 hours). 

Their sides are unreal. Little Miss introduced me to grits 3.5 years ago and on my travels I now seek their equal. Thus far a losing proposition. The Cheddar Jalapeno Grits are indescribable, the best!  Their Ranch Style Beans are made with the drippings from all of the various meats. So what does this mean to you...Every bite will give you a little different flavor. A little brisket, little pulled pork, a piece of the turkey, whatever happened into that bite. 

They have 3 house made sauces; house, spicy and a mustard based one. All are excellent, but I love their house sauce. You can't go wrong. 

Did I mention the wait is worth it!"
"The entire experience was great.  Staff was super friendly and the place looked and smelled like a bbq joint. 
The food.....AMAZING!  Brisket is melt on your mouth.  Tried a mix of faffy and lean, both great but fatty is just special.  Also had a sausage which was delicious.  Jalapeño grits and potato salad for sides.  

Only place I have ever been this good is Pecan Lodge in Dallas."
"I never thought I could get good Southern BBQ in the desert. 
Dadgum this stuff is the real deal. 
Get here early or run the risk of not getting the brisket."
"I'm a total fan.  This place is beyond delicious.  We aren't from Arizona and was here for a day trip and added this to our agenda.  We waited almost 2 hours to get our food. The line we discovered was taking so long because there is literally one guy slicing the meat and weighing it when you order and also only one register.  Not sure if I would come back due to the wait time but I will give them credit for amazing bbq.  They will try to make the waiting experience less exasperating.  The line has misters, and the parking attendant will put out a cooler filled with small water bottles for those who need it.  They even give you a small teaser while you wait.  A worker came out and gave out samples.  That day we got to sample the sausage.  We ordered everything they had on the menu.  You kind of have too when you come on an empty stomach and waited for hours.  

We order the beef ribs, pork ribs, brisket, fatty brisket, turkey, pull pork, sausage and all the sides. Sides consist of grits, baked beans, potato salad and coleslaw.  We even order the pecan pie.  A definite must if you ever eat here.  Best pecan pie I've ever tasted."
"I am a griller, an expert, an arrogant expert griller! As good as I am I have to admit they are better. This is the best BBQ I have ever had by far! The beef rib is quite possibly the single best thing I have ever eaten. Aside from that, the pork ribs, cheesy grits, sausage, and pie is awesome! The line is super long and super worth standing in! The best way to enjoy this place is to pre-order a day or two before that way you can just walk up, pick it up, and go home to enjoy the greatest BBQ meal of your life."
"Everything was good I had El Jefe which is a sandwich with sausage and brisket with a side of  an amazing potato salad which taste 8 million miles away from your grocery store potato salad (gross & shame on you if you eat that lol) here's the catch though it's limited only opened 11 am to 4pm or like the sign States or Til it's gone  and yes you have to wait in line for an hour or so if you don't get there early ! Some get there 1 or 2 hours ahead we got there at 11 and waited 45 minutes & the pastrami was gone (I don't care for it so no biggie) It was hot but they do have shade,  sun screen & water available as you wait. go on a day you have absolutely no plans or kids & patience! It's not really kid friendly because 1 it's hot 2 kids in a line uuuh yeah just don't do it. It's not cheap 2 people was about 40 dollars so maybe make it a morning friend-boyfriend-husband date & enjoy!"
"Most fantastic BBQ I have ever had! The fatty beef brisket is melt in your mouth perfect.  We showed up at 11:30 ( they open at 11am) and we waited for over an hour to place our order, but it was worth every minute in line! The pulled pork is also perfection and the sausage was amazing! The beans and potato salad left something to be desired but were delicious all the same! It was a little pricy but again worth it! I ordered a pound of brisket and a pound of pulled pork to take home it was so good.  Be sure that you show up early as they run out of food frequently and you may miss out on the good stuff! The whole thing is more of an experience than just a meal"
"Even with a 2 hour wait, this place is worth it. The meats are perfectly smoked, the sides are delicious, and the interaction between the staff and the customers keeps it fun. 

My advice: get there early. Like, 10AM, early. If not, you will easily wait 2 hours before you eat. 

Tip: Go on Thursdays for the pastrami, make sure you get the sliced brisket, and finish with the pecan pie"
"This place won't disappoint. We were able to wander in on a Wednesday afternoon with no line but that also meant they were out of lots of things. This considered, what was left was really good. The meat is good enough to eat without any sauce. Also, the service was friendly and helpful. We've already started thinking about when we return."
This place is awesome. I was by the airport and checked the app for something good nearby. A thousand reviews? Five star still? I have to try. It is everything it is supposed to be. Delicious smoky barbecue. I was sad that the turkey was sold out when I got there. Tried the pulled pork. So good. Tried brisket. Also very good. I am not a big fan of brisket. It was good. Sides are delicious. Stop in. If you like barbecue you will not regret it.
"This BBQ is the best I have ever had. I am from Fort Worth Texas and until today Railhead was my number one place. Sorry FTW hombres.  This is a passion for Scott and you can tell. Get there early as they run out fast. Also, the grits are a must!!!!  A quiet and non descript building but full on down home seriousness awaits you inside. Have fun and enjoy!!!!!"
"The BBQ is quite tasty, possibly some of the best I've had in Phoenix. The brisket especially was delicious. The sides were obviously fresh made and tasty. The ribs were great too. However, I don't think the food was worth the wait time of over one hour. Especially in the Arizona heart, it was an absurdly long wait time. Little miss bbq is an experience, but I will not return."
"Been back many times now... Always 100% excellent. I sneak in here as frequently as possible. Even showing up right before they close, the brisket was still amazing."
"I wish o could keep this place a secret! Lines before they open and sells out daily!

I have known Scott Holmes since before he opened this gem! 
I cannot wait for their sunnyslope location!

I got a pound of lean brisket, a pound of turkey, a pound of pulled pork, and a pound (3) of sausages! That is just to take home! 

I tri d and have a new favorite the "" El Jefe"" was amazeballz! 

I could not even try the Pecan ( I was so stuffed) pie but bought two for tonight!

I can't say enough about this place"
This BBQ puts everything west of Texas to shame. Small menu; Perfectly done. I got turkey in a catering order for a friend and it was mind-blowing. Who does the turkey as good as the brisket at a barbecue place? You will only be disappointed if you are a vegetarian. The greens and beans all have meat in them...
Beyond awesome! If you are anywhere near this place you must stop and eat. Try a little bit of everything.
"Really enjoyed the food. The crust on the brisket was perfection. And their sauces were really tasty as well. Next time, I need to get a much bigger order. I wasn't left hungry...but I could have eaten a TON more it was that good."
"Landed in Phoenix a little before 10am on a Thursday and took an Uber straight to Little Miss BBQ, luggage and all. 

We got there around 10:15 am and there were probably 30 people in line already. By the time 11am rolled around and the restaurant opened, the line over doubled. 

The staff was extremely friendly and handed out sausage and waters to people in line, while constantly giving updates on the amounts of meat they had left. They run out before the end of the afternoon. 

While in line we learned they only serve Pastrami on Thursdays, so we were in luck. Ended up getting the brisket and pastrami and tried every side amongst our friends. 

Pastrami (lean)- great BBQ flavor and soft
Pastrami (fatty)- same as the lean but melts in your mouth like buttaaaaa
Brisket- man...fattiest piece of brisket and best tasting I have ever had. 
Jalapeño cheese grits- favorite side, had a cool kick and not overly cheesy. 
Beans- great ranch beans taste with some meats in it. 

The wait is long, but let's be real if you're visiting Arizona there's nothing else really to do so it's worth it."
"Took a road trip from LA to Austin. We visited Little Miss BBQ on the way down, and just had to stop by again on the way back. Everything's amazing but the fatty brisket and pork ribs were especially good. Pecan pie was also good, but I'd prefer if it was either firmer or gooier (though maybe it was just the heat making it softer than normal).

I was chatting with some of the other people in line that go there regularly and I strongly, strongly recommend getting there around 10am or so, about an hour before they open. It's the kinda place where the wait is always about an hour AND where they slowly run out of the best cuts. You either get there an hour before they open, park in the lot, wait in the shade, and get any cuts you want by 11:15; or you get there at 12, park three blocks away, wait in the sun, get to the counter by 1:30, and find out that the brisket and ribs are all gone!

Even if the parking lot is full, pull into driveway first so you can get a ticket from the parking guy if he's working that day (usually when they're super busy). The ticket holds your place in line while you go and find parking which might take another 10 or 15 minutes."
"Probably the best BBQ in Phoenix, but having grown up near Memphis, traveling to KC, living in the Carolinas and Texas, Little Miss is just that... a little miss. To be fair, I only had the pork products and later heard that the brisket was their best item. I will be happy to try again, but I won't be willing to stand in a 30-45m line for the ribs/pork again."
"Meats are great! Best brisket I've ever eaten. Even better than mine.  I really enjoyed the ribs and sausage as well. I had the cheesy jalapeño grits and the cole slaw.  The grits were great, the slaw was average.  Also had the pecan pie to finish up.  Yum! The staff/owners were quite nice.  Liked to talk BBQ.

The only cons. Parking is tough. We got there at 11:00 when they open. The lot was full and the line was 45 minutes.  They'll need to work on getting folks through that line faster.  Price is on the high side, but when I take into account the quality of the food, I can justify the price. Judging from the lines and reviews, so can everyone else.  Keep up the great work and quality."
"It took about 25-30 minutes of waiting in line during lunch hour but I can say the food was well worth it!

I ordered 1 lb of mixed brisket (fatty and lean), 1 lb of ribs, 1 pint beans, and 1 pint of potato salad for 2 people. This was wayyyy too much food for 2 people but we were expensing it as party of a company trip so I didn't feel bad about it :)

The highlights were definitely the ribs and the baked beans. They actually put some of the smoked meat into the beans so it has that smokey flavor. The ribs were so tender, I can't think of another place where i've had better ribs.

Also if you dine in, they have 3 bbq sauces at each table - original, mustardy carolina sauce, and a spicy bbq. The spicy wasn't spicy at all though. My favorites were the original and the carolina sauce.

The guys behind the counter are so incredibly friendly and talkative. I didn't expect that for a place that gets so much traffic and has to serve so many customers."
"Dat brisket doe..

I'm from SoCal and I drove 5 hours on I-10 just to try this place..

Not really, I just so happen to be in town with the Dodgers and Saints. 

This has got to be the BEST brisket I've ever had. If I could criticize one thing. I'd like some sort of sweet southern BBQ sauce to top it off. Don't get me wrong. I killed the plate without it. Paid 14.08$ for he brisket plate. 

Highly recommend. It's located in... I'd say less than desirable area, totally thrown off by the location to the point where I thought I was going the wrong way. But it's located right next to the airport runway."
"This place was great; the atmosphere, the people, the food. All stellar. I can see why it's the best BBQ spot in the U.S"
Best brisket I ever had. Cool place in commercial area. Get here early as meats go fast. All fresh stuff.
"Always amazing!

We came in with a very large order with no warning.  It was a last minute idea to bring lunch back to the office for a group of 50 working on a project.  The awesome folks at Little Miss were more than accommodating and very helpful.  Our apologies to the individuals behind us in line but the staff were able to get us out and on the road in a very short amount of time.

We had people from all over the States in for the meetings and they all stated that it was the best BBQ that they have ever had.

Thank you!!"
"The best BBQ in Phoenix. It's always a long wait but well worth it! From the owner that slices up your order to the owners' father that helps you park and gives you bottled water...it's a family affair. They also make their own sauces, which are in bottles on each table. Delicious!"
"Little taste of Texas!!! I ordered the turkey plate with two sides. I'd definitely recommend the cheesy grits because it's not something you can get everywhere. The turkey was perfectly moist and tender. Very flavorful! 

The pecan pie was also amazing! Definitely save room for dessert. Only complaint is that it's a bit small, but I think it was only $5 so worth it!! 

There was a bit of a line when I went but they made a covered waiting area with mist spraying so it's not terrible in the Arizona heat."
"Worth the 30 minute drive & 30 minute wait!! Was our first time & although they were busy, the staff took the time to explain things and help! No words can describe the food, only drooling before from the smell & drooling afterwards from the fullness."
Excellent brisket and pork ribs combo.  Both were juicy and full of smoky flavors.  The jalapeno grints and coleslaw were a good addition to the meal.  They also have Mexican Coke!  Hands down the best bbq I have had in Phoenix.
"Simply the best brisket I've ever had!  I never knew meat could be so moist and delicious. 

Service & staff is amazing. Owner is the nicest guy you've ever met. 

I wish I could convince them to expand as I'd be the first investor!!!"
"I'm not very well 'traveled' when it comes to barbeque/smoke meats. I walked into the place like a wallmart mouth breather, looking up at the lights with a slack jaw...you get the idea a newbie.... A quick look from the meat cutter, the next thing I knew he was handing me samples of all the items left that day (they serve items until it runs out).  All of the samples I tried were juicy, warm, tender melt in your mouth...etc... etc...yum yum .. Yes, all were very good. I went with the pulled pork. I felt it was a good sized portion for me, as I took leftovers home for a 2nd helping at dinner time. The meat cutter appeared to measure the portions by grabbing a heaping handful, I estimated to be about 3/4lb. The meat will stand alone not overly smoky, a nice mild/medium smoke to it. I say stand alone because I preferred the meat plain with out any of what I consider to be very good sauces offered. A tru gem hidden away on the not so great industrial stretch of university Dr. between the I-10 and the airport. I highly recommend!!!"
Best ever BBQ!  Wow!  I loved the experience.  Water misting overhead.  Ice cold water. Hot Arizona sun. One Giant BEEF RIB and honey mustard. Finishing off with best pecan pie I've ever had.
"Stopped by for a late lunch around 3pm. You can smell the BBQ in the parking lot. 

All they had left was chopped brisket and sausage. But the brisket was amazing. Some of the best I've had. And the guy at the counter said the sliced brisket is even more popular. The smoked sausage was good too. I got it with ranch beans and potato salad. The beans were packed with meat. The potato salad was ok, nothing special. 

They play older music like Hank Williams and Elvis. I will have to go back sometime to try the ribs. Overall the food was very tasty."
"Well well well.. Little miss BBQ YOU HAVE OUT DONE YOURESELF!! This is some of the best BBQ I have had in my life, they had amazing costumer service and I will be coming back for days! This place is lit and I wish I could take them home with me and eat them all the time!"
Best BBQ in the state of Arizona. Wish this place had a second location or expanded though. Your looking alway at an hour wait. Had to get here 30 minutes before it opened and there was still 15 people ahead of me.
"If  you can figure out how to make time for the wait, the meats are fantastic.  The sides are good, the pecan pie is average.  The brisket will change your life.  Go very early (arrive no later than 9:30) take something to read/do and a chair.  oh yeah  . . and bring a lot of money.  this place is not cheap.  Turkey is $18/lb, brisket is ~$20/lb."
"Man what can I say about this place that will convince you fellow yelpers to try it and not be steered off by the line. It is absolutely incredible. Got there about 11:30 on Saturday and parking lot was jammed. Line was wrapped around the building but I was preppared having read the reviews before going. it moved pretty fast. Got to the door in about 25 min. Once I got close to the door they announced they were running out and had only briscuit and sausages. I came here for the ribs but was still determined to get my hands on something. Got the briscuit with jalapeno cheese grits and bbq beans. Let me just say the food is amazing and well worth the wait. Meat was smokey and juicy. Best briscuit I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and get the ribs, I realize I have to get in line just before they open to get what I want now. Definately will be back. You are short changing yourself if you don't try this"
"What can I say about a place where you stand in line for an hour and 10 minutes. ..and it's freaking worth it.  Every single person working there from the parking dude to the owner rocked.  Helpful,  friendly,  funny,  genuine.   I had the 2 meat and 2 sides plate. ..and added the pumpkin/Nutella pie. I spent like $22 and couldn't have cared less.  The fatty brisket (thank goodness I got some because they ran out a few people later), I also had the pulled pork.  The potato salad...ridiculously simple,  yet delish.  The coleslaw. ..needs work, it was just dressed cabbage. The jalapeño cheese grits...I'm not a grits girl,  but my partner from Kentucky loved them!   The pumpkin Nutella pie...amazing,  and yeah I had a bite of my friend's pecan pie...oh my word,  it was phenomenal!   
I don't generally care for fatty meat,  but dang,  I would and definitely will stand in line for an hour to have it again.    The weather is perfect for this place because if you eat there, you will be on the patio.   The owner/chef checked on everyone,  talked to you while he was measuring your meat and cutting it fresh.  He was wiping down tables once someone relieved him from slicing, just a cool down to earth guy.   GO TO THIS PLACE.  STAND IN LINE, AND BE THANKFUL someone found the prefect way to smoke meat."
First time we stop by at 11am the line was already a line. It was over an hour long before the place was even open. so we came back a few day later and deceived to wait in line. Finally after 45 min we are in!! I ordered the ribs and brisket with coleslaw and bean! OMG!! The meats was so delicious! This have to be the best BBQ I ever had. Meat just fall off the bone and the brisket just melt in your mouth!! It was worth the wait. My 2 meats plate with a can of coke was about $18.00. I will definitely come back if I ever in the area.
"The best bbq in town! Tried Rudys, and a couple others but nothing compares.  Always a line but worth the wait. Love this place! Every Thursday is pastrami day, be sure to get there early like be there at 11am. They sell out almost everyday."
"I was very excited to try this and my hopes were high. I heard such good things about the meat. I waited for half and hour maybe a little more to order the food, I knew this before going but, I heard it would be worth the wait. I got the brisket sandwich. It was good but I'm not going back. Rudy's is further and in my opinion: better. I'll travel a little further to have Rudy's and not have to deal with the wait either."
"This place truly deserves 5 stars review!!! Beef brisket was so tender, smoky, and perfectly cooked. It was so worth the wait (although it was around 1.5 hours wait)

Came here on a Friday morning around 10.40am, the place opened at 11am, but the line outside was already super long. Joined in the line and didn't get my food until around 12.15pm. But, I got to hear stories from other people in line and got to meet new friends from all over the world (the guy in front of me was from Australia). 

When I first joined in the line, there was some samples being passed around of the spicy sausages and free water was available (thank you so much!). The free sausages were super delicious and that was what kept me in line.

When I reached the end of line and saw the meat being cut in front of me, smelling the smokiness of the meat, I felt like I wanted to order everything, but because I was going to fly back to LA in 2 hours, I settled for only the most famous brisket, sausage, and pork ribs and took them for to go to eat at the airport. 

OMG! I was speechless when I tasted the brisket. It was on par with the world famous brisket from La Barbecue in Austin, Texas. I must have looked like an angry kid on the floor of the airport terminal because I devoured the brisket like crazy. The pork ribs were also very good, but nothing could compare to the brisket. 

I really wished that this place is closer to home and not like 2 hours flight away. I love you Little Miss BBQ! Please consider moving to LA! We need some good BBQ here"
"Best Pulled Pork I have ever had, and a great Char on the Beef Ribs! house sauce was great definitely worth the wait!"
"Had lunch for the first time at Little Miss today.  About a half hour wait in line.  By far the best Texas BBQ in Phoenix!  Had moist brisket and pulled pork.  Both excellent.  You definitely come here for the food..not the ambiance!  Not a great part of town, but just fine at lunchtime.  Don't bring a first date or your princess wife.  Enjoy the tasty smoked meat!!!"
"Friendly staff keep the lines moving while making you feel welcome. Love the pulled pork. Liked the beans. Wish they had true Eastern North Carolina vinegar-based sauce. I will be back, but I may bring my own sauce next time.
Okay, just got a message that they have vinegar sauce available if requested. YES!!! Y'all have made this Tarheel very, very happy!"
"Visited last Saturday 3/14 around 3:30PM
Only time for quick and dirty review today
Wait time was minimal for us, as they close at 4:00PM
They were also out of a few things, but to be expected.
Brisket, Turkey and Sausage were all wonderful.  Nice, natural smokiness and super flavorful!
The beans were terrific as well, not a tomato based sauce, but more of a meat based broth that they were in.  Absolutely delicious!  Potato salad was good too.
Service was solid, even though we were there at the end of the day, the staff seemed genuinely happy that we were there and were able to answer any questions we had about the menu.
Oh they do have a regular and spicy BBQ sauce, although I would argue it's not necessary. They were good too!
I will definitely return and tell others about Little Miss BBQ.  It reminds me of some of the better BBQ places in Austin, TX and certainly is some of the best I've had in Phoenix. 
Lastly, understand this is a BBQ stand if you will. They do have super limited indoor seating and shaded picnic table outdoor seating.  Luxurious, compared to some super BBQ places I've been that setup in vacant parking lots!
Keep up the great work Little Miss BBQ!!!"
Customer Service is what makes this place extra great. Food is amazing! Long lines but sooo worth it.
"Tried this place for the first time ever today . Holy crap that line was no joke!! My bf""s Mom got there at 10:30 we got there are 12 didn't order food until 2! 3 hour wait for bbq!! I must say the staff was so beyond nice and amazing they would come talk to us in line and keep us entertained and the food was terrific I got a beef rib and geeze was it so tender and delicious . The only down side is the wait , my parents have owned and operated businesses for years  I would suggest they expand their serving station and move the line quicker by doing so. I understand the waiting in line is what makes the hype but come on 3 hours is not necessary ? Also down side and may be too personal but I've never had sooooo much gas in my life after eating there ... well worth that rib tho  . So be prepared to stand for many hours , talk to amazing staff, eat amazing food , take a nap and call it a day. Oh and the staff gave me a giant rib bone to take home for my dog !!!!"
"This place absolutely blows my mind!!! The best BBQ I have ever had! Also, the customer service at this place is sublime. Restaurants should follow their recipes both in food and service! The wife and I tried the fatty brisket, sausage, pulled pork, turkey, grits, beans, and potato salad! All the meats were out of this world! These guys really know how to smoke some food! Thank you Little Miss BBQ for making our trip to Arizona one to remember."
"Just my kinda place...plunked down in the middle of an industrial area just south of the airport.  Grease monkeys across the street, plumbing supply next door.  Dad's in the back tending the smoker, parking cars, chatting up customers, and handing out bottles of water from a Yeti to those in line.

Took a half hour to get in, but I finally get there and the dude's behind the counter slicing up these handsome sides of smoked meat and passing out samples of homemade sausage.  I love my veggies, yes, I do, but this is why I'll never be a vegetarian.

I was flanked front and back by 30-year-old tech geeks and I totally ""out-meated"" them.  Stand back, men!  Gimme a pound each of the beef brisket and pulled pork and a half dozen of them sausages...plus a pint each of all of those sides.  Jalapeno cheddar grits (grit-tastic!), husband-pleasin' beans, cole slaw and potato salad...how will I ever make it home?

Eat in their 3-table dining room, on the picnic tables in the parking lot, or at home.  And, frankly, why would anyone want to shame themselves by wolfing down every last juicy shred in public?  I'm happier at home, armed with a roll of paper towels and my Tide pen.

When it's done, it's done.  Pity the fool who doesn't respect the fact that good meat takes time...a lot of time.

I've already sampled everything and it's as good as it gets!  Husband better get home...soon..."
"I have been hearing some buzz about this place so I wanted to give it a try.  The first time I went there I showed up about 30 minutes after they opened on a Friday and the line was to the back wall of the property.  I decided to leave as some people in the line were telling me it would probably take about 90 minutes to get food.  Today, I decided to try again and there was a very small line.  It took about 15 minutes to get to the counter.  All the staff was super friendly.  The guy cutting the meat gave out a couple sample, which was fantastic!  I ordered the 2 meat plate ( lean brisket and pork ribs) with jalapeno grits and coleslaw.  My friend had The Jefe.  The brisket was very tender and flavorful and the rib was deliciously tender and meaty.  The sandwich was huge and also very delicious.  The grits are definitely a side you want to get.  Great consistency and taste.  If you like your coleslaw a bit on the sweet side, then you will like it.  It is not mayo style, which I don't really like anyway.  Their BBQ sauces are flavorful, but also on the sweet side to me.  I didn't mind though because the meat really doesn't need sauce.  It is all so flavorful on its own.  All and all a great experience and I will definitely be back for more!"
"Went here due to the recent Yelp top 100 list. If you do your research you will find that you need to show up at least 30 minutes before they open unless you want to stand in line for hours waiting to order your food. I arrived on a Saturday morning at 10:30. There were 30 people in line ahead of me and they don't open unitl 11. By 10:45 there were over 65 people in line. Your wait time is around 1.5 minutes per person in front of you. Next time I go, I'm getting there 45 minutes before they open. As far as taste, the Pulled Pork and the Brisket are some of the best I've ever had. The 3 homemade sauces are just as amazing. The turkey was average and the ribs were above average."
I LOVE BBQ and love this place. Let's just say I have waited in line for over an hour more than once to eat here. One time the guy in front of me ordered the grill master. I thought I died and went to heaven.
"There I was lying in bed, knowing that this place was going to open at 11:00 AM.  It was 10:30, so I thought I had more time since it was only 10 minutes down the road... until my friend's coworker had a message for me: ""Tell your friend he should be there at least 30 minutes before the place opens up, it gets crowded very quickly.""  So I had to jump up and head out IMMEDIATELY!!!  Mind you, this was a Wednesday.

I had my eye on this place because I had heard through the grapevine that it's the place to be.  Their hours are not what I'm used to, so listen up: It opens at 11:00 AM and closes either at 4:00 PM or when all of the food runs out.  It is not open at all on Sundays and Mondays.  

I arrived there at 10:45 AM, and it seems the coworker was right.  That entire parking lot was full, and there were at least 35 people in line ahead of me.  Some people had headphones on, were reading newspapers and books... so I could tell they were there for a long time.  Just what was I in store for??  I met a few gentlemen who were visiting from out of town, and had also heard about this place and wanted to experience the hype.  At 10:55 AM, a man who I am assuming was the manager got on a megaphone and greeted the ever-increasing crowd.  He gave a rundown about encouraging that you know what you want by the time you get to the front to order and drinking water from the two dispensers so you don't get dehydrated.  

The doors opened, and it took me a SOLID hour to get food!  I was warned it would take a while, so at least I was mentally prepared.  While everyone was waiting, someone walked around handing out samples of sausage.... that was some GREAT sausage.  If that was a hint of what was in store, I was ready. I got the two meat plate: Brisket, turkey, jalapeno cheddar grits and ranch style beans.  There are complimentary fixings available such as white bread, onions, pickles, and their amazing sauces (homemade, spicy, and honey mustard).  There were excellent flavors all around.  

I think this has been said already... but BELIEVE THE HYPE!  The food was amazing and I didn't eat again until hours and hours later.  Just take the advice: get there early!  I don't know how consistent it is, but I noticed that the line seemed to be at its shortest around the 12:30 - 1:00 time block.  

Truly incredible."
"I'll keep it short. If you like BBQ, come to little miss BBQ. It's nothing short of amazing. The staff is great, the prices are good and the food makes my taste buds jump for joy. I've yet to eat better brisket anywhere else and the pork ribs fall apart they are so tender. 

10/10 will becoming back for all of my BBQ needs."
"Absolutely go here and eat the food.

Aside from having the best BBQ I've ever had the service was impeccable.  The staff acknowledged and really, authentically appreciated that people were willing to wait that long for food. They were out of grits when we ordered and one of the staff members came by, asked, and then came back a few  minutes later with a quart of grits.

Waited in line for 2 hours.  100% worth the wait."
"BEST BBQ IN AZ!  Simply incredible.  The fatty brisket is definitely the star!  Ribs, sausage, jalapeño grits, bbq beans were all great. The pecan pie was the bomb.  Next time I'm getting the beef short rib!(only on sat & Sunday).  Worth the wait!"
"HOLY GLORIOUS BARBECUE!!!!

What I ordered: pretty much everything because that's how I roll...

Brisket (lean) - phenomenal
Pulled pork - phenomenal 
Pork rib - phenomenal 
Turkey - pretty good, but over shadowed by all the other meat for sure.  

Sides:
Jalapeño cheese grits - this is how grits are meant to be made, hands down best grits ever!! 
Coleslaw - good 
Potato salad - good
Beans - not my cup of beans, but it didn't even matter

BBQ Sauces:
Marked S which I can only assume means sweet(?!) was delicious and a bit spicy...oh crap I just realized that the S was maybe for spicy and the H on the other I assumed was Hot and did not try...may have been ""house"" oh well!! 
The taker tho was the mustard BBQ that my friend referred to as Carolina sauce....soooo good don't pass it up!!!  

Dessert (note: DO NOT SKIP THIS)
Pecan Pie - I must preface by saying I love pecan pie, it's my favorite kind of pie and I've had it on hundreds of occasions in different varieties...Bekke's Pecan Pie at Little Miss BBQ is, hands down, no joke, THE BEST Pecan Pie I have ever had in my ENTIRE life!!!!!!! Please please please do not skip it....I will be back numerous times solely for that pie I swear!!!!!! 

Service:  fantastic! The guys were helpful, funny, personable, friendly and just made the experience easy and enjoyable (especially with 2 littles in tow).  The guy outside even offered me a bottle of water while I waited which was a nice touch for sure!! 

Overall an awesome and super yummy experience!!!!"
"OMG!!  This place is the best, best, best BBQ I have ever had!  My friend and I were looking for a place to eat after moving her back into her place.  We were not looking for anything in particular.  So I used Yelp to look for a place near her when I stumbled up on this little gem!  She said she had just heard that the place was one of the best in the whole U.S. and they did not disappoint.  We purchased a meal and some meat by the pound (pulled pork and ribs -ribs are only sold by the pound). I regret being there late that day (we got there at around 2 pm, I believe) because they were out of a lot of meats.  The service was super friendly and prompt!  The place is very unassuming, but don't let that full you.  It is worth the price, the trip, and the wait (yes, there is usually a line out the door).  I want to go back soon for some delish meats (wanna try the Brisket next!) . Little Miss BBQ, Thank you for existing in my lifetime! :)"
"The hype is well deserved.  These folks are putting out some amazing BBQ. The brisket steals the show, with the turkey and sausage coming in just behind it.  I'm a pork ribs guy and they were good but not exceptional and I would have preferred to order more of the other items instead. 

Got there at 10:05 and there were already 15 people ahead of me.  Got my food at about 11:30."
This place has amazing BBQ!! My husband brought me the lunch with turkey and pulled pork.  So delicious!  Get there by 1030 since they open at 11 and there will be a line for this place. Worth the wait!
Amazing! Best BBQ I have ever tried. Lived in the Midwest and tried the St. Louis and Kansas City favorites. Puts Midwest bbq to shame. Worth the 3 hour wait.
"By far THE best BBQ I have ever had.  And I've been to Tx, Carolinas, Memphis, St. Louis...  When it's 120 degrees outside, and the line still forms around this place, you know it's got to be good."
"The best BBQ in Phoenix.  My favorite is the  lean brisket, but others I have dined with prefer the fatty brisket.  You can't go wrong here.  Last Thanksgiving I ordered turkey breast and it was mouth watering delicious.  Their location is a bit quirky, hidden among an odd assortment of businesses immediately south of the airport.  Be aware that there is almost always a long wait, and it is worth it. Open for lunch only, Tues-Sat."
Get there early. The line is no joke but everyone who works here was awesome. The sausage samples every half hour or so were enough to keep people excited. The fatty brisket was the best I've ever had and I can't say enough good things about all the employees.
"This restaurant completely changed my view of BBQ. Coming from SoCal, I've always thought the best BBQ was in San Diego (Coup's and Phil's BBQ). Little Miss BBQ blows them out of the water and sets the bar to another level of BBQ.

My boyfriend told me he was going to take me to Little Miss BBQ and said it was ""the best BBQ,"" which was quite a claim to make. For the few times, he is right: Little Miss BBQ is the best best BBQ I've ever ever had.

Even in the blistering 110 deg heat, lines started to form around the shop 20 minutes before it opened at 11AM. They gave out free cold bottle water and passed out samples of the sausages intermittently, which only teased us even more with their tasty food. All the staff here are friendly and would come out to your table to ask how your experience was and talk to people waiting in line. From the line, you can see the rows of large BBQ/ smoke pits they use to cook their meats. Each smoker was large enough to smoke any pig, cow, or me in it. Impressive.

The line moves slowly as there is only one assembly line for food and cashier. Even though we came in 20 minutes before it opened, we were in line for a good hour at least! But believe me, it is worth the wait. When you get into the shop, you'll see the guy hand carve the meat for you. We got the sausage, brisket, pulled pork, and pork ribs. Everything is sold by the pound or per sausage. It was quite convenient as you can customize how much food you want. By far, our favorite was the brisket. It was so tender and juicy; you'll see when the carver slices through the meat like tomatoes.

For the Arizona visitors, this is a must eat spot!"
Yum. The best BBQ that I've ever had. The fatty brisket is to die for and the staff is incredibly friendly and nice. I love this place!
Unbelievably frustrating. That aren't open on Monday and arent open past three. The first time I went I waited an hour; understaffed. The grits are AWFUL had to throw them out. Smoked meat isn't even that great. Don't understand the hype on this place. Probably not going back.
This is my go to for BBQ. Staffs are amazing! There will always be a long line but it is worth the wait. They will provide water and samples while people wait. I recommend the fatty brisket. Delicious! They will also give you a piece of the meat to try out when you are ordering. Best BBQ and customer service!
Thank you for bringing such an awesome establishment to our area. EVERY BODY YOU MUST TRY THE LAMB NECK!!!
"I can see why this place is so highly rated but it's not for me.  The meats are masterfully prepared, tender and juicy. It's the seasoning, sauces and smoke I have issues with. 

The beans are inedible to me. Way too much black pepper especially when you eat this in combination with their black pepper rubs and sauces. It all adds up and I really think they've failed to consider this. Barbecue isn't spicy. This is too spicy.  All I could taste throughout my meal was black pepper. Too bad. 

The slaw is perfect. I liked the pulled pork a lot. Oak isn't my favorite smoke. If you have too much it's cloying and not the best combination with pepper. The ribs are heavily smoked. I liked it all at first few bites but it all added up to too much in the end and I didn't want to finish it. 

Really awesome people. Couldn't have been nicer and more eager to make sure we were happy with our meal. I wish them the best."
I cannot stress enough that this place is TOTALLY WORTH the long wait. Do yourself a favor and make the time to go there. The food is worth they hype and the service is incredible and personal. Go and go now.
Bad customer service and the price wasn't worth the lack of flavor in both dry rubs and BBQ sauce. I'll pass next time.
"This was a super icon place to get some of the best bbq
Rubs & grits were my favorites"
"LMB is a great and unique BBQ joint that I'd recommend to any meat lover.

However, the long lines here move very slowly.. So don't come on an empty stomach. I made this poor mistake.

The boyfriend and I got there around 11 a.m. We did not order until 1:00.. They also ran out of fat brisket during this time so plan accordingly. 

We tried a little bit of everything:

+ Beefy Ribs ($20 per pound) - It was good but I'd probably skip on this next time just because it didn't stand out too much to me.

+ Pork Ribs - My FAVORITE! fall of the bone good - great flavor with a sweet and smokey taste

+ Chopped Brisket - delicious as well - very tender and moist

+Sausage - can't go wrong with sausages !

+ Jalapeno Cheddar Grits - small as a side but very flavorful - recommend !

Pros: Food
Cons: Wait"
This place is worth the wait and the price. Brisket is the best!! The beans are amazing. 17$ for two meats and two sides. Worth every penny. There was enough to fill me for hours. Get there early. And wait in line! Best Q in AZ
"We tried the brisket, pork ribs, sausage, grits, beans and coleslaw. Everything was amazing! The meat is beyond moist and the sides were all so yummy! They also are the nicest people that work there they make you feel very welcome! 
Everything is spot on!"
Soooooo yummy! Definitely will be my favorite bbq spot. The meat was so flavorful and tender. Worth the wait. The owners were in and so friendly and made a point to make sure you felt at home. They even gave us a bone for our dog. It's a must check out place. I cant wait to go back.
"Service [5/5]: The service was great. Everybody who worked there was extremely friendly from the owner's Father who tells everyone where to park, to the owner himself, down to the guys cutting the meat and serving you. Not only did the owner come out to check in on everybody in line keeping us all updated as to what they still had available, but he would continue to check in on you while you ate trying to be as helpful as possible. In terms of customer service, I could not have asked for a better experience.

Waiting in line [3/5]: From when I stepped to the back of the line until the second I began to order, it was 2 hours and 4 minutes. The first 50 minutes was spent waiting in the sun and that was not fun at all. I am thankful it was only in the low 80s today otherwise I would have been miserable. They would occasionally walk by and bring us ice cold water which was nice, but I don't understand why there aren't any more tents or canopies for shade. Clearly, the business is doing well, so why not help everyone out a little bit by providing shade to the people determined enough to wait 90+ minutes for your food? The whole time I was waiting in line I was wondering what was taking so long, and when I got to the front I realized it's because they only have one person cutting the meat. I can't help but think it is to build the line and create hype. If they utilized their staff a bit better, the line would greatly decrease and people wouldn't have to wait outside 2 hours for the chance to order their meal.

The Food [4/5]: I tried the brisket, pork rib, and sausage and left stuffed. The food was done right, but it really isn't anything spectacular. I don't have a negative thing to say about the food, but I don't have anything extremely positive to say about it either. 

Would I come here again? No. The wait was not worth it whatsoever, and ultimately, it isn't a place I plan on telling my friends about. If someone asked me about it, I would say that I enjoyed the food, but would never recommend it."
"I had heard a lot about this place before going. I was kind of turned off by the hipster feel and after eating at Franklin's in Austin, I assumed Little Miss BBQ couldn't add up. Having said that, this restaurant started off from behind. However, despite my preconceived notions I was knocked out of my seat by the burnt ends, sausage and sides. I've returned many times since then to eat the best brisket in town."
"I don't even know where to start with this review about Little Miss BBQ. There are many many 5 star reviews of this place so mine will be another drop in the bucket, but I do want to point out some of the things that people are upset about and see complaining about on the negative reviews.

I want to start by saying that we had an extremely positive experience here. We had arrived at 1015 AM and there was roughly 15 people in line already. We got our ticket and walked around the outside, took some pictures and took in the whole experience. Around 1045 I believe they had people start lining up in order of the tickets they had. We got in line and waited.

I get it. The wait isn't for everyone. Not everyone wants to wait an hour plus for food, so we got good information from the owners. They are planning to open a second location, which should have drastically shorter wait times. To us though, the wait was absolutely 110% worth it. I'll tell you why.

When we had arrived at 1015, the parking attendant was very kind and talked to us and was very helpful in helping us know how everything goes down, where we need to be, and what we need to do when the time goes. The smell of the BBQ is invigorating. My mouth was salivating and I couldn't wait to get my mouth on some meat!

Maybe some of the people who left negative reviews already started out with a negative view because of the wait but if you take everything in stride, at least for us, it was more enjoyable. At the same time, we had some great company with an older couple in line who did BBQ competitively and knew the owners from the competitions. Talking to them helped make our time go by quick! When one of the guys came out and started to get on the megaphone, to me felt more like a fun and playful thing to do to make the waiting less tiresome. The line of people responded well and one lady won free pie! 

After the megaphone deal, there was a countdown to open the doors and we had a good time with that. Again, not everyone will have the same experience, some people just want to go somewhere eat, be left alone, and leave. If you are that type of person just don't come here. Go to Texas Roadhouse, sit at the bar, eat and then leave. 

Once the doors opened, the misters turned on and immediately we cooled down. It was very nice that they had ice cold water for us too while we waited in line. We didn't experience the water running out, and while yes it would be nice if someone kept an eye on the levels, which I am not sure if they do or not because every time we went to get water, there was water in there, I get why some people are upset about it. At the same token, are people that afraid of mentioning the water is out? Just ask. I'm sure they would just refill it.

Do you see where this review is going? I haven't even spoke about the food yet but want to give you a clear picture of what to expect from this place. When we got closer to the door, there was a neat rock stacking challenge which we were able to win because we stacked 13 rocks high. The prize you ask? A free smoked pecan pie. Free or not you should get it. It was terrific. I couldn't quite cut it with a plastic knife and fork so I just lifted it out of the aluminum and started to bite into it. The smokiness is just perfect. Not too much to where it distracts from the true flavor, but just enough that it kisses the pie every so slightly. The buttery, creamy, savory filling contrasted by the light, flaky, airy dough, along with the nice bite of the pecans on top made for an awesome mouth feel and flavor explosion. 

Well now onto the part where we got inside. The guy who was cutting the brisket in front gave us a piece of fatty brisket to try before we ordered and that in itself for me would have been worth the wait. They don't overachieve here. They let the art and skill of smoking come through before any seasoning or sauce can interrupt. Little Miss BBQ has perfected this recipe. The meat is tender, smoky and seasoned perfectly. Any illusion of time was erased the minute that meat touched my mouth.

Now I would've been happy with just the food, but everyone and I mean everyone on that staff made the experience just that much more special. We were greeted with smiles along the way of the flavor journey and nothing felt fake. Everyone seemed to love working there and unlike some people we didn't feel like they were begging for tips. It felt genuine, like they really cared about the product, the people, and the sense of community. 

As we sat, the owner came by to check on how everything was, chatted it up for a bit, and the owner's wife came a bit later asking as well. It may be a rarity now days to speak to the owner of the establishment, but it gave me a sense of community. No hierarchy. No one is better than anyone else, everyone is treated like family. 

With such a great sense of community and beyond excellent food, there isn't any reason to not go here."
"Very impressed with the brisket, ribs were good as were the Ranch Beans and Jalapeno cheddar grits."
"They were out of everything except chopped brisket and turkey, but they smoke it all fresh, daily, and anything you get will be worth it! Great staff that makes you feel welcome from the moment you walk in the door to the moment you clear your plate and step out. All of their side were top notch (tried the beans, potato salad and coleslaw). Homemade BBQ sauces from scratch were a MUST try (house, spicy, and a zesty tangy mustard). I've heard they are insane lines because they have a small shop and are loved by the locals. However, I came around 2:30 today, walked in and ordered within a couple minutes. I come from a deeply routed BBQ family back home and this place made me feel nostalgic on my first visit. 10/10, all 5 stars."
"Oh my God... The best... BBQ.... EVER. 


I've had BBQ in every major city. Nothing has even compared to this place. I want this 24/7. 

My parents raved to me about this place and they were 100% correct. Phenomenal."
"GREAT LIFE DECISION! Probably the best pecan pie I've ever had. Absolutely loved my El Jefe sandwich...which was STACKED with brisket and pulled pork. The jalapeño cheddar grits were super cheesy and lived up to the hype. 

Come early so you can get everything on the menu. I got here at 230pm...and while there was no line...they ran out of sausage and ribs. 

Finally, I loved the outdoor picnic area. It was right next to the BBQ Pit! Awesome stuff."
"I travel all over the world and found this on Yelp while in Phoenix
Maybe the best bbq I've ever had at least in the top 3
Brisket and pulled pork Fabulous"
"Having lived in Texas for 11 years, I've had a lot of brisket.  The chopped brisket sandwich I had there yesterday was among the best... if not the best I've ever had.  So glad I got there before they were out for the day.  Also thanks to the staff for providing a safe, out of the way storage place for our luggage before heading back to the airport!"
"Best BBQ in Arizona! The place is family owned and operated. The entire staff is super friendly and the pricing is super reasonable. They usually hand out samples and go a little over on weight, while under on price. I try to make this a weekly deal. Parking can be difficult at lunch time. Be sure to arrive early!"
"BBQ lovers, READ THIS.

I'm writing to declare a new undisputed champion in Arizona barbecue.  I'm also here to declare that this place is BETTER than Salt Lick's in Texas and BETTER than Arthur Bryant's in Kansas City (and yes I have been to both).  And if you've been to Franklin Barbecue in Austin, this place will remind you A LOT of Aaron Franklin's location and his masterpieces.  I'm not joking, I'm not exaggerating, I mean it with every fiber of my being.  It truly is that amazing.

I had read the Yelp reviews about this place and was stunned to see nothing but 5 star reviews from Yelpers.  Even though the place is fairly new, its not often that any establishment gets this many rave reviews this early.  When I saw their Facebook page, I noticed they were sending out notifications to their growing list of fans that they were selling out of their food within 3 hours everyday.  And it only seems to be selling out quicker.  Thats my queue to get here right at opening on a Saturday morning.

The location is as joint as a joint gets.  An old building, with an enormous smoker outside for everyone to see and smell.  They're using nothing but wood to smoke their meats (a mixture of hickory and oak woods).  They serve their meats market style by weight and also offer meat plates with sides.  They don't serve alcohol, but do offer a bunch of canned and bottled sodas and water.  When my Dad and I got here at opening on Saturday, the line out the door was already 15 deep.  Fortunately the line was moving at a decent clip so we only had to wait about 20 minutes to get our food.  Many of patrons we were in line with have already been here multiple times and swear by the place, so that upped our confidence level in this spot.

When you walk inside the owners are carving meats and serving up sides right behind the counter.  Each of them are super friendly and super passionate about their meats.  They'll offer you samples if you want a taste of a meat you're not sure of.  The menu is written on cardboard right above the counter for all to see.  Since this our first time and we were hungry, we ordered a 1/2 pound of everything.  Brisket, turkey, sausage, pulled pork, ribs, and their Saturday special, beef ribs.  They piled on a half pound of each on a lunch tray with wax paper and serve it with white bread slices, pickles and onions.  Combined with a couple of waters, the total for all the food was $60.  Not cheap, but we ordered a ridiculous amount of meat (see my photo) and the owners say they pay extra to get the best meat.

They have a small amount of seating inside, but we decided to enjoy our lunch outside in their shaded picnic table area right next to the smoker.  They have misters to keep the shaded area cool during the warm days so its safe to be out there during the summer.  My Dad and I split all the meat we ordered.

Alright, the verdict on the food.  First off the brisket.  If you've ever been to Franklin's in Austin (or have watched Anthony Bourdain's visit there), you know its ludicrously moist and tender.  My friend coined Franklin's brisket as being ""meat cream"".  I never thought I could find brisket even close to that good.  While this place might not be Franklin's, its as close as I've ever had.  Tender, smokey, juicy, cuts with a fork and melts in your mouth.  They put 13 hours of labor into that brisket and it shows.  Mindblowingly awesome.  The turkey was also excellent.  Not dry like most turkeys and had a gentle smoke flavor that made it light and flavorful.  The pork ribs were my second favorite meat on the tray.  Fall off the bone tender (I'm pretty sure if I shook the ribs enough, the meat would literally fall off), with a great smoke ring and gentle texture.  The pulled pork was also juicy and delicious and goes great with any of their sauces (my favorite is the mustard sauce).  The sausage was actually a surprise in that it was spicier than I expected.  I think they might've thrown some jalapeño in there or something.  But again, excellent and the smoke flavor is pronounced without being overwhelming.  Lastly there were the special of the day, the beef ribs.  I had never had beef ribs before (even when I was in Texas).  Those things are huge and have a huge hunk of meat on them.  I thought tearing into those things would be a chore, but again the meat comes off easily and the smoke char is fantastic.

My Dad and I were stuffed to the gills when all was said and done, but were both blown away with this place.  The quality of the meat is unmatched by any barbecue joint you'll find in Arizona.  The owners' passion for barbecue shows from the moment you walk in the door.  And they all came out to ask how experience went, whether there was anything they could improve, and they enthusiastically showed us the ins and outs of their custom smoker out on the patio.  

Great people, great food, great find.  Be sure to get here at opening though.  This place will only get busier (deservedly so)."
"Gooooood food. The staff was awesome. They give you samples of their homemade smoked sausage. When I'm in Phoenix again this place is going to be my ""go to spot""! Food coma is on!"
"Having grown up in Kansas City and went to school in central Texas, I know how I like my BBQ.  Little Miss BBQ is probably the best BBQ I have even had.  I prefer the brisket and beef ribs.  I am a fan of baby backs which they do not have. The standard pork ribs I thought were better than average.  The sides are wonderful."
"WOW!!! This was the best brisket I have ever had!!!! This place knows how to make/smoke their meat. I had the pulled pork, the fatty brisket, and a buddy was nice enough to let me try some of his turkey as well. All of the meats here at TOP KNOTCH! The owner and his dad were super nice, and awesome people in general. 

All that being said, there are several reasons why I think this is a four star place rather then a five star.
 
First of all it is just over priced. The sides are nothing special, and the beans had more kick to them then I was looking for. 

Second, the place is super small! 90% of the seating is outside and even with the misters, you can't ignore the fact that it is 105 degrees outside. No matter how good the food is, it doesn't taste as good as it could when you are uncomfortable. 

Third, there are no fountain  drinks or fresh brewed iced tea. How can you have a BBQ place with out fresh ice tea? Answesr: it can't be done right. All there drinks are in cans or bottles. This is kind of related to problem number one with the overall price. You end up paying a $1.50 for a .25 cent can of soda.

Last but not least, and the thing that may have upset me the most is the system to get in. This is a place that once they sell out they are closed. They use a line system like the rest of the world but the line does not matter. Several groups set one person early to get in line, then had random people show up and cut in line as we continued to actually get pushed to the back of the line. 

Look, I don't care if your friend is in front, you get your butt to the back of the line. We had a group of 8 that was split into 3 groups because that was the order we got there. That is how a line works! When you show up, you go to the back! If I did not have people there telling me to calm down it would have come to blows! 

I was there 10 minutes before it opened and because of cutters it took me 35 minutes after it opened to even place my order. There is just no accountability for doing the right thing anymore. 

The food was so good that I will go back, however next time I will get there 30 minutes before it opens, and just start inviting random people who just showed up to cut in front of you."
"I wish I could give you 1,000 stars for how awesome the food and service is. This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had anywhere in the country and you will see me say that on the BBQ Diva TV show when it airs on travel channel. I love to get the two meat plate with brisket, sausage, jalapeño grits and beans. I'm not a fan of grits but holy crap those are amazing. If you want to get a parking spot get there before 11am during the week. I try to be there at 1030am and expect to wait 1 hour until food is on your plate."
"Best barbecue hands down in the Phoenix area! Everything on the menu is so good!  I take all of my out of town guests here to eat!  The wait is long, but well worth it!!"
The best BBQ I've had - and I lived in Texas for a bit.  Tender and delicious meat and the best potato salad.  Just delicious!
Amazing. Waited awhile but free water provided and worth the wait. Come early if you want good selection...they ran out of beef ribs on the guy in front of me. Heartbreaking. Didn't care for cheese grits but all else was incredible. The sauce was the best I've had ever.
"I feel a little dumb writing this review. What can *I* say that hasn't already been said? Just echoing all the positive comments.

We must have gotten lucky. Arrived around 3'ish on a Friday and there was no line at all. Fortunately they hadn't sold out of their iconic brisket so we were able to experience it... and it IS an experience. Wow.

They offer ""fatty"", ""lean"" or ""mixed"". We chose the latter and it was unbelievable. When I sampled the BBQ sauce at the table I wasn't sure... but when you add it to the meat, synergy ensues.

I also ate a turkey breast sandwich and it was epic.

World class service. 

Pro tip... you can call ahead and ask how long the line is ;-)"
"Wish I could give this more than two stars. Got there at 10:20 and waited for a little over 2 hours but it was SO worth it. They give out free water and samples (sausage) which was incredible. My boyfriend and I tried the sausage, pulled pork, pork rib and fatty brisket and they were out of this world. Sides were good as well but defiantly focus on the meat. Also the people there were some of the nicest we have ever met."
"Woah!  Awesome!  Fatty brisket is to die for. Nice smoke rings, great bark...about as good as it comes. You'll probably have to spend a while waiting outside, but they have water, shade, misters and samples to take care of you. Potato salad was my favorite side. Also had fantastic pork ribs and sausage. Loved it!"
amazing arizona gem! as a girl from texas who makes a lot of long trips between austin and LA i can securely say this HAS to be the best bbq in the state. the owner is also kind enough to chat it up with patrons! amazing staff in general.
The food is Awesome!!! If you are a carnivore looking for a place to let your hair down and get some down home food you will love this place. They close way to early as well as being closed Sunday and Monday. It's hard to get there with the limited hours and the lines are super long. But the brisket tho!
"What more is there to say that hasn't been said?

Great BBQ, great fatty brisket, great pastrami and amazing pecan pie.

It's a long wait but well worth it! Best part of it is the experience and the service and hospitality is superb.

Remember, get there early if you don't want to miss out!"
"Best BBQ in all of AZ. We like it so much that we get our Thanksgiving Turkey from here.

Go early, atleast 45 mins before they open to get a good spot in line. 

If you think waiting in line for 1+ hrs is not worth it you are wrong. You will not find better BBQ meat in AZ. 
Do yourself a favor and go atleast once. 
Staff is always friendly and welcoming."
"Now this is real barbecue!! Companion and I arrived at 10:30 and got into the line that had already formed. At 11:30 we made our way to the counter. It was well worth the wait.

While in line we got to smell the wonderful smell of real Texas style barbecue, and the rumbling of our stomachs told us in advance that it was going to be good. Two huge smokers were busy smoking our lunch meats.

You can order a sandwich or you can order by the fraction of a pound. We chose to order by the fraction of a pound, and the cutter brought out a tray with a piece of butcher paper on it. This is the same way you will get your cue in Texas. First up was some fatty brisket. It looked wonderful. Because this was a Thursday, they also had Pastrami available. Some sausage and some turkey as well as 2 ribs also found its way onto my tray. For sides I had the cole slaw and the beans. Each item is weighed as it is put onto your tray and you pay the per pound price for each cut. White bread is available as are assorted condiments and pickles.

We found a free table and proceeded to feast. The brisket was beautifully tender with a nice smoke ring and good flavor from the rub. I probably should have stopped there, but next up was the pastrami. I should mention that I love pastrami and haven't had really good stuff since my last visit to New York. My craving has now been satisfied. Wonderfully tender and flavorful pastrami. Next was some turkey. I don't know how they accomplished it, but the breast meat was juicy and tender as well as full flavored. Next came the sausage. It was a bit spicy, but had lots of juice coming out of it. Last of the meats was the ribs. This for me was my only disappointment because the meat was about falling off the bones. I prefer my ribs to have a bit of tooth to them so that there is something to chew one. The cole slaw was about average, but the beans were dynamite! Probably the very best beans I have ever eaten in my life. They were flavored with big hunks of yesterday's brisket. Companions only complaint was that I never shared any of the beans  or even came up for air.

While they serve all types of drinks, I opted for a bottle of ice cold water which went perfectly with the food. 

For those who are not purists, homemade sauces were available on the table, but I must confess that I didn't even bother to taste them because the cue was so good.

Good cue is made from fine meat, and is not cheap. You should expect to pay at least $15 per person for your food, and for a big tray like I had expect to pay around $35, but it is well worth it and can be shared between 2 people.

Perhaps the only drawback is that the place is so small, but I understand they will be looking for a second location soon. Parking can be a little rough, but with a member of the family directing traffic I was amazed how many cars they managed to park. 

It doesn't get any better than this. 5 stars"
This place is a meca as seen by the lines outside.  Please open one in San Diego soon. Thanks
One of the best BBQs I ever had! I had a layover in Phoenix and had to try this place since we don't get much BBQ in California. I was lucky enough to show up when they still had brisket left. The Brisket BBQ plate drizzled with their house made sauce is a must! The owner's dad was kind enough to drive me back to the airport for my next flight! Thanks to the staff for an awesome experience!!!
"All I'm going to say is this place lives up to the hype and that 2pm Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday is a great time to go. Any earlier and the lines are long and super slow. In my estimates, it takes 3 minutes for them to serve each person. They will be out of their more popular meat options this late in the day, but whatever you get will be good."
This is Hands-down some of the best brisket I have ever had. It is savory and juicy!! The fatty brisket here is on a par with Franklin Barbecue in Austin. Save room for pecan pie; it is worth it! Who would've thought I would find barbecue like this in Phoenix? I am one happy Texan!
Came here on a Friday! Best Bbq in town hands down!!! We didn't have to wait long thank god! It was jst 15mins! But everything was amazing! I ordered the two meat combo with two sides and the jefe sandwich was amazing! The grits and beans was on point! I can't wait to go back when I'm in town!
This place is amazing. Easily the best BBQ in AZ. Go early. It's worth the wait.
It was amazing. The jalapeño cheddar grits and ranch style beans! I had the Brisket and chopped brisket combo. Waited maybe 30 minutes in line. Got lucky with a table inside. Had to try with these many 5 star reviews. You should too!
"Worth the wait! Family owned/operated and the customer service is always on point. I love ""The Jefe"" sandwich with pulled pork. You MUST try the smoked pecan pie!! We go back occasionally just to get a pie - you can skip the long line to pick one up quickly :)"
"Okay, so my husband and I are from the east coast and we've both have had our fair share of barbecue in particular ribs. I was excited about this place when I got an email from Thrillist about ""50 best barbecue places in America-one for each State,"" and Little Miss Barbecue was recognized as the #1 spot to go to. We had been to several barbecue places, and one in particular we thought was the creme de la creme and because it wasn't the one listed we had to see what this place was all about. Yes, there was a line but the place is only so big. When we got there we were assisted with our parking, by a wonderful and friendly older man who also offered us free water. We were ready for the wait already! We saw hand-written menus and we were battling with the flies but we were going to get our bbq. Unfortunately, once we got inside we were disappointed once we saw the meat. All of the reviews in the world would no longer make me believe what I tasted. Being from the south when I hear of bbq, I want it with some crisp, some burnt edges. This is not what we got. We got a little of everything that was left which was a little over a pound of pork ribs, little over 1/2 a pound of lean brisket, the jalapeño grits, 2 bottled cokes, and a small individual pecan pie for a total of $36.84 not including the tip we left. Service was decent, but not superior and honestly for all we got we could have went to another bbq place that we know and love, and gotten enough succulent charbroiled meats to last 2+ days. Some of the ribs we were given were falling off the bone while the majority was like Old Virginia Ham jerky. Literally, the taste we described it as salty ham that was cooked in string beans not the pork ribs we're used to and anticipate. There wasn't any smokiness or a distinct rub on the meat just a salty some moist, but mostly jerky-like meat.The sauces were good, their regular and spicy sauces, however it could not save their pork ribs. The grits were okay, however the brisket and pecan pie is what made us give this review 2 stars and honestly 2.5 instead of one. The brisket with the pickles and white onions gave us a good amount of flavor in one bite and the pecan pie was nice, however not enough to have us stand in line for the 30-45 mins and pay $36 let alone the $46 we did. When I mentioned this was our first time, I was surprised that I had to ask for sauce and the additional pickles, jalapeños, and white onions I saw everyone else getting. I wanted the experience and even when you are ordering to go, you still expect the same standard as if we were dining in. Just disappointed on that end, and we still tipped. In our opinion this is definitely not the best barbecue that Arizona has to offer in the Phoenix area."
"I want to be clear.  My review is not about the barbecue. The 'que is great.  When you can get it.  

The first time I stopped by I stood in line in the heat for 20+ minutes.  Was glad to finally get inside and get my 'que and sides and I really enjoyed them all.  Probably some of the best 'que in town.  

The problem is..they run out.  And you never know when they are going to run out.  You could drive over there and the 'sold out' sign is already hung on the front gate.  That's what happened the 2nd time I went by.  A hour after they opened, they're out?  I've eaten a lot of great barbecue, all throughout Texas, the south, the midwest...All seem to be able to have plenty of quality meats and sides available during open hours.  Most restaurants seem to manage their food that way.  Running out is the exception rather than the daily pattern.  

This food is good.  The thing is I'm just not willing to drive over there again on the hope there might be some meat still available that day. It's not that good.  It's like playing barbecue roulette. This ultimately may damage their business model. Nobody continues to go to any restaurant where in your mind your already know they might be out of what you're looking for. Ultimately consumers faced again and again with that situation will got someplace where they know there will be food and they can sit down and have their meal. 

I'll settle for some pretty great 'cue at some other places around town...that always manage to have plenty no matter when I get there."
"Probably one of the best places in the valley to get BBQ, totally worth getting there early to get a good spot in line and wait. Don't forget to get the Pecan Pie to top off your meal!"
If we could only get in!  I have done take out with 48 hours notice and it's the best BBQ in town but the wait is insane.  I wish they would open another location and prepare more food each day then the do so we can get there later in the day and have a chance that they have not run out.  But it is the best so I'll be back again and again.
"Have had some great Texas Brisket  bbq,  but it doesn't hold a candle to the Brisket here absolutely amazing, ribs are great also."
"This place sets the bar really high for BBQ in the Valley! I joined fellow yelpers Rand H. and Robyn N. for lunch here today. We made sure we came early because the demand for their amazing food is such that they can be sold out by 1 pm. The pork ribs were so fall-off-the-bone tender and the brisket (I chose the fatty kind) was phenomenal. Jalapeño  cheddar grits and potato salad made perfect flavorful complements to the meats. We haven't even finished our meal and we were already talking about our next meal there, probably on a Friday or Saturday when the beef short ribs are served. So, do yourself a favor and come here and enjoy the best BBQ in Arizona; but try to come early - remember, the food sells out fast."
"So good! Get there early as people line up and make huge orders so they sometimes run out. It's got limited seating so take out is probably the best idea. We tried it for the first time this past Saturday and arrived about 1pm and the friendly owner was letting people know they'd had a few large orders and may run out. We decided to stay and chance it, waited about 30 mins and it was well worth it. I had pulled pork with potato salad and jalapeño cheese grits. Pork was so tender and flavorful, it hardly needed sauce. Potato salad was light and tasty, not mustard based. The jalapeño cheese grits, though....I don't really like grits but these were fantastic. My husband had ribs, brisket, potato salad and beans. He said the beans were amazing and the ribs were best he's ever had. We are already planning a return trip but will get there a few hours earlier!"
"This is my favorite BBQ by far in California, Nevada and Arizona. I love BBQ and I travel the west coast a lot and this place tops all I have eaten in the southwest corner. I eat here every time I visit Phoenix. It is hard because I have never had less than an hour wait. This visit they actually ran out of most everything by the time I got to the counter at 1pm. I ended up buying all of the brisket they had left which was 1/2 lb, I also got a 1/2 pound of turkey and pulled pork.. It was all on point. My favorite is their fatty brisket but I have only made it in time twice to get it."
"Probably the best brisket in the world, the ribs, the corn bread, sausages .... service was exceptional. The owner personal came out and thanked us for our partridge."
"Yes... all the hype is true. We went to little miss bbq on a Saturday at 11am and waited for two hours before we ate. Luckily we had each other and a fun family behind us to talk with.

By 1:00 they still had the fatty brisket left (thank goodness).... they let us sample a piece and we almost fell over with happiness after one bite. We then tried the pork ribs and short ribs, grits, and potato salad.. all amazing... literally can't say one bad thing about anything I tried.

Service is friendly and fast! The reason it might take so long is the guy actually is cutting your pieces off for you and trimming any fat... how amazing is that?"
I was wondering why its has so many reviews and all 5 stars. As soon as i walk in i found out. They could tell it was my first time they gave me a sample of the brisket omg that melted in my mouth so delicious... i got the brisket and pulled pork outstanding. Best spot i tried so far.  They sauces they had complemented the food perfectly. I strongly recommend it but there is gonna be a long line but well worth the wait
"That was truly amazing! All the reviews are exactly correct. This is the best meat I have ever eaten anywhere.  I was honored to be able to eat the lean brisket but the staff said I need to return for the fatty brisket for a mind blowing meat climax.

This is a must try if you're in Phoenix for any reason just get there early cause when it's gone it's gone"
"Success! Scored pork ribs on this visit and they did not disappoint. This is truly a BBQ gem in Phoenix. From the moment you step out of your car, you can smell the smokers and as you patiently await your turn ... The experience is pleasant. 

$13.50 - pork rib plate with two sides"
The food was excellent! The jalapeño grits are a must. The brisket was delicious and tender. We also got the beef short ribs which were also very good. The only reason my rating is 4 starts instead of 5 is because the ribs I got were a little too fatty.
Simply the BEST BBQ in town! It's really no surprise the line wraps around the parking lot and they are busy from open to close!  The brisket is melt in your mouth yum!
"Worth parking far away and walking. Warning....the parking lot is for small cars and the size of a postage stamp.

The part that makes this place truly special from a human touch perspective is the owner personally greets, mingles, and answers questions from the never ending line of patrons.  Remember when all the meat for the day is gone they shut it down.

Sampled all the meats and sides....personal favorite is the sausage.

My only beef is I wish the sauces were better and we're at the same level as the masterfully crafted meats."
"The best BBQ in Arizona!  Recommended meats in order of taste; fatty brisket; lean brisket; pork ribs; pulled pork; sausage; turkey; pastrami.  The truth is that everything is amazing, so you can't go wrong with any choice.  The meat is never reheated, so everything is always moist and delicious.  The side selections are limited, but I am a fan of the beans, and coleslaw.  I know people that love the grits, but I have never been a fan of grits from anywhere outside of the south.  Only downside's are parking and wait time.  The parking is very limited and can be difficult to navigate.  It is very common for their to be an hour or more wait time in line!  BBQ fans know this is common for the best places."
"They've served food at this location 2 days so far and I've been here 2 days now. Everything on the menu is great. 6 of us from the office went there today and picked up a little of each meat, a couple sides, and some drinks. The brisket is amazing and the best you will see in Arizona. Beef ribs were unreal. The pork ribs were perfectly cooked, well flavored, and very meaty. I wasn't going to try the turkey but after getting a small sample, we ordered a few slices. The sausage was probably the best smoked sausage I've had. The grits were good. They have bottled coke. Service is friendly. About as perfect of an opening I've seen for any restaurant. Of course, they've been practicing quite a bit at farmers markets and various other places where I've had their BBQ too. 

Great people, great place. Highly recommended."
"My wife and I came down for a dodger game and came across this place... great food and great service 
Best brisket I have had I highly recommend this place... we just found our go to place when we visit.."
"Holy smokes. I get why this place gets such stellar reviews. We went during the heart of the lunch rush right after we landed in Phoenix and as we were in line, they ran out of the fatty brisket. Sadness. When we got up there, I asked the guy cutting the meats if he could find me a fattier piece of the lean brisket and he obliged. We tried the brisket and chopped brisket plate with all four sides and the pecan pie for dessert. Everything was incredible. 

The one thing to watch out for is the first option for tip is 20%, which is ridiculous after you've been standing on a line for almost an hour to get your food. I was so happy to finally have the food in front of me that I didn't even notice which button I hit and ended up leaving a $7 tip. After waiting in a massive line for counter service, that's not what the norm should be."
This is probably the best barbecue I have ever had. The brisket is awesome and the ribs are to die for. I've never been a big fan of ribs but now I am. I even get several pounds to go when I come here because I can't just have the one meal here.  Even my leftover lunch isn't enough. Really really worth the trip and the wait
"Good stuff!  Highly recommend.  Brisket has the right amount of smoke ring.  Beans are mix if all meats, really good.  Left stuffed and satisfied!"
"Solid BBQ place that I only discovered within months of leaving the area. The staff are fun and polite, and the prices are reasonable for the amount of food. Plus, it tastes amazing!"
Unbelieveable customer service and food. Best BBQ in the world. Get there early because there is a long line all day. Try everything. It's all amazing.
So so so so good!! Don't let the appearance fool you and don't drive by it bc it's easy to miss!
"Way too much hype for this place! Waited in line for about 30 minutes and when I arrive to order they are out of my go to bbq staple...brisket! Wasn't impressed, and I think the limited hours and days their open makes it seem more prestigious than what it really is. Probably won't be back again, already checked it off of my BBQ places to go to."
"Today was the first time that my bf and I decided to eat here. My bf was looking for a place for Father's Day and saw all the food reviews on Yelp. He read that you need to come early and thankfully, we decided to come 20 min early before they opened. The location is in an industrial area, really close to the airport. The parking lot is pretty small so that's another good reason to come early. We were within the first 15 people in line. The line does move a little bit slow but it is worth it!! First off, everyone who works there is incredibly friendly and you could tell that no one minded waiting. We were able to sample some of the brisket and sausage before choosing. Everything is cut right in front of you when you tell the guy what you want. There are a few tables inside and there is a shaded area outside to eat. If you do sit outside they do have misters. You can order the meat by half pound or get a meat plate with a couple of sides. I decided to get the 2 meat plate with the brisket, sausage, coleslaw, and jalapeño grits. The sausage is a little bit spicy but next time I will just get the brisket. It is to DIE FOR!! They were so juicy, tender and just melted in your mouth. And.. the grits were really yummy! It had the right amount of flavor. I'm usually not a fan of grits but this will be a must every time. My bf also got the ribs and loved it. He said this was the best bbq he has ever had and is already talking about taking his dad. This is definitely a hidden gem!"
"Waited 10 minutes in the suicide lane just to get into the small parking lot. Guard at the parking lot was awesome, but once I got in line, it was going to be an hour or an hour-and-a-half wait. People in front of me were saving places for multiple friends. It was going to be a very long time before I was going to eat. And then it would probably be outside in the heat. No way this place was that good. I bolted. Smart move, as it turned out. Texas BBQ House was terrific."
"Love this place. Always a great experience. 


Food is awsome and the staff is always friendly. 


I will continue to come and recommend to everyone."
Worth the wait.  It was a 2 and a half hour wait and I was told that is short.  Different choices of sauces.  Their regular sauce is the best.  All their meat falls off the bones.  The beef rib is massive and good.  The staff their is great.  They even bring samples while you wait.  I understand why they get 5 stars.
"This place treats you like family, from the parking attendant to the guy handing out free samples of meat for folks at the end of the line.   The father of the owner gave an impromptu tour of the smokers/meat when he found out that a few of us in line were from out of town.  The gentleman who cut the meat (""Q-tip"") also took the time to swap out a cut of meat that he perceived was ""too small"" so that a guest could enjoy a larger one.  And the owner personally came around to each diner to ensure that folks were enjoying themselves.  Five stars not only for the BBQ but especially for the customer service. Worth the wait."
My first time I stood in line for two hours. Then I found out that it was worth the wait. I've never waited in a line that long for food... But never before had I experienced food like this. Loved every bite.
Food was good but the wait was way too long. There should some type of system to make sure it's made fast. Plus the cashier was rude.
Smell so good when I go there just wish that it had enough time.they dont last until lunch I got there at 11:30 and they were almost sold out they close at 2 their food smells so great I can't wait to taste it once they or what I can get there early enough
"Wow! I can't believe I am just writing this review now. Went to visit a friend in Phoenix, and it was the best BBQ I ever had. My standards for BBQ have reached its high. My friends and I spent $200 here and it was money well spent. I loved the brisket and beef ribs. It just melts in your mouth and love the smokey BBQ flavor. Please get the fatty brisket it is just so delicious. 

And the service here is just amazing ! Even while waiting in line, they offered us samples and had water bottles to deal with the Arizona heat. Love the mist they had in the waiting room. Highly recommend coming early before they sell out ! If I ever come back to Arizona, little miss will be my first stop!"
"Show up early if you want fatty brisket! They open at 10, i got there at 11 to a pretty long line, they were out of fatty brisket by 11:15. The wait is worth btw. They serve samples to those in line, and the employees chat you up while you're waiting. I had the lean brisket and the pork ribs, both amazing! The beans are amazing. As well! Totally worth waiting in line in the summer heat! (They have misters) limited seating inside, but a good amount outside, just a little warm during the summer."
I waited two hours at this place and boy was it worth the wait. What makes this place high on my list is the high re-eat value when you eat the leftovers at home. Its even better and no flavors were lost.
"My wife and I came here from out of town to attend the Cards-Jets game. She arranged to meet her nephew and his wife here for lunch.

When we arrived (at 9:30am) there were three people on line. By the time, door opened at 11:09am, the parking lot was filled with cars and the line was very long.

Once we got in, the attendant gave us samples of the sausage and brisket. The brisket was to die for. Very tender and it melts in your mouth.

I wound up getting the two meat plate, which consisted of brisket and sausage. It was the best brisket I've ever had. 

A quick mention on the restaurant. There isn't a lot of room to eat inside. I think I saw about six tables. You can eat outside, but considering Phoenix's hot climate, not sure if that would be a great idea.

The workers are super nice. I think the owner kept checking on us. He was very nice as well.

Since Little Miss BBQ is closed on Sunday and Monday, we won't be able to go back. But for sure when we come back for the Final Four, we will be here.

Guaranteed"
"I hate being the odd one out but this place just didn't do it for me. We visited and stood outside for far too long and despite the fact that reviews said they had chairs they had three fold away chairs for around 20 people in line. When we finally ordered we found everything to be overpriced honestly. I don't mind paying for great food but $18 per pound of meat with the bone in is ridiculous. We expected the food to be fantastic based on the price but it wasn't.  The brisket was far too heavily peppered and didn't taste of much and the pork ribs were pretty good but nowhere near worth the price (4ribs for $18). The pecan pie which everyone raved over was far too sweet and my girlfriend had to eat it half at a time because it was very sickly. 
I'm sure most people do love this place but I've had better bbq in Texas, Tucson and London which is a shame.
Two stars for the friendly service though, one server was super nice and so was the cashier."
Long line but well worth the wait. Great service and they keep you informed. Ribs and chopped brisket were amazing.
Not fancy but it is all about the food and that is excellent.  I had the pulled pork with jalapeño cheese grits and coleslaw.  While in line to order they provided samples.  I tried the brisket and sausage and they were Great!   They have a few tables inside and four large picnic tables outside. Some of the best BBQ I've had in a long time.  If you love BBQ you've got to try Little Miss.  I'll be back.
"No words to describe,  best brisket in the southwest maybe top 5 in the US.  Make sure you get some of the fatty brisket. Once again you can't describe with words you just have to try it,  even if you wait in line for 1hr,  worth every penny and every minute."
"Best BBQ in the valley. Been there multiple times. The food is always incredible, and the employees are very friendly and nice. When you visit, you should expect a crowded parking lot and a long line of waiting. Just keep in mind, your patience will be rewarded with the best BBQ Arizona has to offer."
If I could I would give this place 6 stars! Just for the Brisket alone! Sides are all good and portions great for the price.  Would eat here for lunch every day if it wouldn't drive my doctor crazy! Give it a try if your in the area!  Will be a regular lunch customer for sure.
"We had lunch here today and it was amazing. Had the sliced brisket and pulled pork. They were both the best meat I've ever eaten, tender, flavorful, and the sauce enhanced them nicely. They've earned every one of those five stars."
"Worth the hype and wait! Hell 
My food was bumped on the the parking lot asphalt, instead trying to go back in and make a fuss. I scooped it all back on the plate and ate with glee. 

Take friends and share family style."
"Sometimes the beaten path is beaten for good reason. Such is the case for Little Miss BBQ. Go at opening as they often sell out of some items, especially wondrous fatty brisket and pork ribs. I waited 90 minutes in line and did not regret it."
"I visited Phoenix for a couple of days from Atlanta and I look on the Internet for best bbq in Phoenix and saw Little miss q on the very top. So I read other reviews and they were very positive but all of them said the wait in line is sometimes around a hour or two. So I knew I had to try them out. When I got there I did have to wait over an hour in line but it was worth the wait. They have a small menu list but quality over quantity always.  I ordered the pork ribs and fatty brisket with rancher style beans and jalapeño cheddar grits. I must say that everything on my plate was excellent. The pork ribs was good , they have 3 types of sauce and they were all good. The fatty brisket was the best I've ever had. It was so juicy and flavorful.  The sides were very good as well . It's worth the wait."
"I am still considering to sell everything I own and move from Austria to Tempe to get married to the owner.
This was the best brisket I have ever had in my life."
"AWESOME!  found this place online while doing a weekend getaway in Phoneix and thought we'd check it out because there were over 500 reviews with a 5 star rating.  

The food is prepared ahead of time and it's essentially 1st come 1st served.  It opened at 11:00 a.m. and when we were there about 1:00 p.m. they were announcing that they were already out of some items.  We waited in line for about 45 min and when we got to the counter we watched our food get cut and weighed right in front of us.  We were handed some free samples of their sausage, which they make in house, while waiting; DELICIOUS!  Despite the wait, and in 114 degree temps, it was well worth it.  If you're in Phoneix and love BBQ (and have an hour or so to kill waiting in line), you'll have to add this place to your ""to-do list""  . . .  You wont regret it!"
"Best BBQ, but get there early because once the food is gone that's it. And they run out of food every time."
"Long wait in line is so worth it!  The best barbecue, and an amazing family feeling from the family that runs this better than down home joint.  These people care about barbecue and care about their customers.  Cant say enough about how amazing this barbecue is!!  You can taste the love and care put into these recipes and stoking the flames of the barrel smokers."
"I have been hearing all this hype about an Arizona BBJ Joint with Central Texas Roots. Finally got to go check it out today and will say this: Little Miss BBQ delivers the goods, that is the Best BBQ you will find that isn't in Central Texas. I do not impress easy when it comes to this. We intentionally ordered several different things and they leave no stone unturned with the items they serve. It was like being back in Central Texas today. Freaking Amazing! I am Shocked and humbled by how good it actually is."
"I've eaten a lot of BBQ. This is the best BBQ I've ever had. Ever. Anywhere. Ever. Showed up at 2:30 on a Tuesday. Got the two meat platter with two sides, did pork/brisket with jalapeno grits and potato salad. Got pickles and onions on top. EVERYTHING was PHENOMENAL (and I'll use more caps if you're not impressed enough at this point). The brisket - which I don't usually get because it is dry - was the most succulent I've ever had. The pork was fantastic. The sides were both awesome. The three BBQ sauces (mustard, mild, spicy) were wildly addictive. Oh...my...gosh. I cannot fully describe how unbelievably good this meal was."
"I was really trying to look for a reason to give this place only 4 stars.  I really couldn't.  Went with a buddy and we each got the 2 meat plates so we were able to sample a bit of everything.  As many have shared already, the Fatty Brisket is excellent.  I put some sauce on the plate to dip in and realized the sauce does nothing to enhance the meat.  It is exceptional by itself.  Also, had the ribs and they were awesome.  It is a special thing when you get a rib that you can pull right off the bone and it comes off completely and still maintains it's shape.  Most times it either falls apart or doesn't completely come off the bone.  Not the case with these ribs.  I loved dipping them in the house bbq sauce.  Also had the sausage and it was delicious and had the perfect amount of smokiness.  As far as sides go, the Grits are easily the best.  Beans second, slaw third and potato salad 4th.  Nothing exceptional about the slaw or potato salad, but who cares.  The meat!  That's the star!  Also, staff told me that most people show up around 9 or 9:30 to wait in line.  We got there at 10:30 and had to wait 1 hour for our food.  When we left at 12:30, the line wasn't as long as 10:30 so probably less of a wait, but maybe fewer cuts of meat to choose from.  Can't wait to go back and try it all over again!"
"Amazing!! Read all the reviews and thought we would check It out.  Stopped in on a Tuesday, they opened at 11 we got there at 11:12. And the line was already an hour and a half long. We took our place in line, we knew from the reviews that there would be.  Yet no one seemed to mind. We chatted with others in line as we slowly approached the front door. One of the staff walked down the line and passed out samples of their home made smoked sausage as we waited in line. The sausage was delicious! We finally got inside and up to the counter, to a very gracious and friendly staff. My husband and I shared a 2 meat platter and added a smoked sausage to our order that also came with 2 sides.  We chose brisket and pulled pork with coleslaw and beans. Everything was absolutely delicious the sides complimented the meat perfectly! This place is definitely worth the wait!!! Next time were in Tempe we will be back!! If you love good BBQ this is it!"
Loved their food.  The Jefe was delicious.  It is their sausage with beef brisket and it was the lean type and it was really good.  The turkey was moist and had a lot of flavor.  The beans had a bit of a kick which I really liked.  You really need to try it.  Fun place and great service.
from start to finish this hole in the wall met the 5 star rating it has. Service was fantastic and food was delicious!
Got there at 10:45 and there was a line already with about 50 or 60 people in front of us. We waited in line about a half hour and a guy came out and told us it would be at least a two hour wait and not sure if we would get served... Two Timer..first and last!
Best BBQ in town. You'll agree with me even after the 2hrs waiting in the long line. Not sure what they're doing to their meats but they taste heavenly good. My favorite is the fatty brisket.
Will change your LIFE!  Get there early and be prepared to wait for the best BBQ you will EVER taste!
"This place is legit! Had a quick business trip to the Phoenix area. My plane landed at 9:00, I arrived at Little Miss BBQ at 10:00 and an employee greeted me in the parking lot and gave me a ticket saying that I was number 4 in line for the day. 

By the time the doors opened at 11:00, there were already 50-60 people lined up and waiting to get their BBQ. 

I got the two-meat plate with brisket and pork ribs plus a side of sausage. Brisket was moist with an incredible bark. The ribs were equally good as was the sausage. Great sides of beans and potato salad. 

Get here early!"
"My favorite BBQ joint.  I love everything they sell, especially the pastrami.  Plan to get there before they open.  Line starts at 1030 for 1100 open.  Definitely worth trying out."
"This barbecue spot has always been on point.  The only disappointment that I have is that it is ALWAYS busy.  I've had to pass this place of several times because there is limited parking and long wait time.  I hate that because when I'm craving me some BBQ, this is the spot that I want.  I think it is time for them to upgrade to a larger building because you may just be losing more money than you think.  The point of my story....PLEASE upgrade!  :)"
"As good as everyone has said.   And I got lucky enough to have had a buddy who showed up to get in line 30 minutes before our agreed upon meet up time, while I ran 45 minutes late.  So I showed up at 10:50, he was #8 in line, and we got our delicious BBQ 10 minutes later (THANKS ERIC!).  Tried a single pork rib, the smoked sausage and the fatty brisket.   Um.   Yeah, that fatty brisket is the best I have ever had, ever.  Yum Yum get me sum!   Also grabbed a takeout box of pork ribs, sausage and brisket to take home to my wife.  

Further, for those wanting PICKUP ONLY, there is a separate area that serves pre-ordered food for pickup.   You must order a minimum of 5 lbs of meat, 7 days in advance, and pickup is from 10:00am-10:30am only Tues-Sat."
"This place is so yummy!!! But make sure you allow time, becasue everyone else likes it too and the line gets long."
"You betta believe the hype, little miss is quite the experience. No matter what meat you choose u will be very pleased with the quality. Just be sure to get here when they open because they have limited amounts of meat. Once your favorite cut of meat is gone.. it's gone until next business day. 

The only thing I wish is that they had better sides. I need some good southern greens and Mac and cheese with my bbq just like my Mom makes it. 

Maybe even some corn bread?!?! 

Just a thought. Keep doing what u do little miss... I will be back"
Greatest BBQ you'll find in Arizona. Good local beer selection and helpful staff. I have to admit these guys are on point!
Little miss bbq is great!   We were too late for brisket today so had the very tender pork ribs.  The house bbq sauce is my fav.   And to top it off the pecan pie (secret family recipe) is enough to make the trip over by itself.  These folks are so nice and it's fun to just sit down and talk to others coming in.  Highly recommend this place!
"Okay so this was definitely the highlight of our 36-hour trip to Arizona lol. I could not believe my eyes that this place has 1,200 reviews now and keeps a 5-star average. Is that even possible!??!?

The place opened at 11:00am so we arrived at 10:30am thinking we'd beat the traffic... WRONG! People probably camp out to this place on the daily lol. 

We waited in line for about 1 hour but the staff here is super awesome. Like WAY.AWESOME.  Minutes before they open, they give you the low down on the happenings of the place in an entertaining way and do a fun countdown to when they open. They also give you water bottles, chairs, and cool mist sprays from above while you're in line. Definitely made the wait more bearable. 

Amongst the 4 people in our group, we got pretty much all of the available meats. Once we dove into the food....uhhhh... WOW. Just WOW. Words can't describe how much WOW the meats were. 

The Brisket - TO DIE FOR.
The Chopped Brisket - Any type of brisket... TO DIE FOR. 
The Pulled Pork - WOWmazing. 
The Pork Ribs - I'm in love. 
The Turkey - Might as well be Thanksgiving every day!

Did I tell you how amazing their Pecan Pie is? Probably the best I've had. And they're not even known for that.

The grits? I HATE grits. Yet, I loved these grits...

How is this all possible? 

I'm still not sure if I even went here or if this was a dream that was way too good. 

After pinching myself, I can confirm that I did, indeed, experience this utter EPICness that was Little Miss BBQ. 

Phoenix is way too blessed to have this place."
"Best BBQ! Better than Lockhart's bbq in Texas. Nothing tops little miss bbq. The brisket is perfection! The ribs, pulled pork, sausage and even their side dishes are yumm. Everything I've ordered from little miss are all good. Never had a bad meal. The line to get your food is super long, but totally worth it! I'd wait hours just to eat little miss bbq! The employees are super nice and courteous. They care about their customers. While you wait on line, they provide water sometimes even samples! Keep up the good work little miss bbq!"
"We've been coming here for a while. Love the fatty brisket, love the lamb neck. The short ribs are great as well. The fatty pastrami on Thursday is always a treat. They provide water to people who are waiting and have very friendly staff. Love this place"
My husband took me here for the first time and I fell in love. I had the 2 meat plate with sausage and brisket for the sides I had potato salad and coleslaw  I really loved  the food. The flavor and the tenderness of the meats are fantastic. Their home made sauces are delicious. I love this place and I go when ever I'm in the area.
"The best BBQ place ! The Grits are to diiie for !! The briskets, pulled pork & sausage have to be the best I've had! And can't forget the pecan pie! The atmosphere is awesome also the staff is all so friendly and awesome! Always feel welcomed!"
"The line is too long. I've been here 3 times and never got to eat because the line was longer than my lunch break. You have to wait an hour and a half just to order. Stay away until they learn how to run a business.

Also no to go orders over the phone so you can't even plan for your day. There is no way to eat here without waiting perpetually. Good luck

Edit:

I called today at lunch and the wait was only 15 minutes. Not bad! Went there and got a pickup order and it was amazing. They know how to cook."
"This is the best little BBQ stand in AZ!  It's only open from 1100AM until they sell out, 400PM at the latest, but get there early!  I had the brisket sandwich with potato salad and SHE had the pulled pork with cole slaw.  Best BBQ I've ever had!!!  Nicest part was all the free samples you get while waiting in line.  The sausage is to die for!  I may have to get that the next time.  Great big accolades to the crew here.  Don't get too big or franchise (unless it's to me in Tucson)."
Pecan pie was to die for. The chopped brisket sandwich was very flavorful. Jalapeño grits and beans were also great. We went at 2pm and it was still really busy. Staff was very friendly.
Absolutely amazing the best BBQ I've ever had and I'm fat I should know! They had beef brisket with an amazing smoke ring pulled pork that was just tender as can be the biggest beef ribs ever and by far the most absolutely delicious fall off the bone pork ribs I've ever had in my entire life absolutely amazing I will be back for more.
"I'm kicking them down to a 4.5 for this recent visit.  I would normally drop a 4.5 to a 4 star review, but all of my prior experiences have been 5 Star, so I will leave them at 5 Star this time. 

Strategically, I went here the Saturday before Thanksgiving because I'd hoped that the link would not be as long as I've heard it has grown.  I arrived at 10:20 (I was 4th in line) and I was back in my car by 11:15.  Great for me.  My plan actually paid off!  Even at 11, the line was not very long at all.

Funny thing happened that I must share.  While waiting in line, a cab pulls up about 10:40, out hops 2 ladies with their suitcases.  They were on their way to the airport, but wanted to stop by to have this food and maybe take some with them.  HA!  For some folks this is really good BBQ.  For Phoenix, this is definitely the best you can get.

Please check my previous review WRT to my favorites here and my thoughts about this restaurant.  None of that has changed.  

As for my most recent visit, I was somewhat disappointed with the depth of the taste of the meat.  It lacked the seasoned flavor I'd grown accustomed to having!  On this visit I ordered:

Pork Ribs (not nearly as flavorful as they were on my last visit)
Brisket (Somewhat not as flavorful, but still the best)
Beef Rib (Still very good)
Sausage (Still very good)

I was somewhat taken aback by the lack of flavor in the ribs.  Albeit, in the past I have stated that I think my dad cooks the best smoke ribs of any place I've ever had BBQ.  

I found it interesting to compare how the prices have not changed much in past 17 months.
Nov 2015:
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=o4crzk61AB1ATxHR-FGC-g&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA

Jun 2014
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=p-3CCT91MeacFx7h3fMiuQ&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA

Return Factor 100%"
"The BBQ was fabulous!  5 STARS
The 12x12 parking lot 1 star

What a crazy set up.  I kind of don't get it......It's like grade school going through a cafeteria line, then the long wait you better really want your BBQ. 

Well, lucky for us we had friends who already knew the drill we arrived and they were already in line so we didn't have to wait too long - 45 mins.  So we chatted away until we got to where you order.  

Nice touch the owner gives you samples of the variety of meats...which is probably why there is a line (just saying) nice touch but still.  Order our brisket..which was absolutely delicious.  Tried the other samples and they were all fabulous.  I love how they serve certain meals with Rainbow bread...thought that was nostalgic.

Anyhow, if you have nothing to do and want to wait in line for absolutely great food this is your place."
"Best barbecue in Arizona.  I've tried a lot of the barbecue in Arizona. Last year Scott and Little Miss provided around 20lbs of BBQ for my best friend's birthday party. Of course it was a huge hit - almost everyone loved the BBQ and asked me where they could get more. The ones who didn't ask about the Bbq were vegetarians. 

Pros:
Tastes like incredible delicious goodness. 

Cons:
Years after opening there is still a long wait for lunch. Also the side dishes are just ...ok. I never buy them, instead purchasing what Little Miss does best - meat."
"I imagine this may very well be the greatest place I'll ever eat. The owners and workers are all incredibly nice. While everything looks and smells delicious- I can only speak for the items I have tried (thus far)- The fatty brisket and pastrami (Thursdays only) are by far my favorites. As far as the sides go, you really can't go wrong, but the jalapeño cheddar grits are phenomenal (you'll probably love them even if you don't think you like grits). Also the pecan pies are the perfect size and a great way to top off an amazing meal. Worth every minute of the potentially hour+ wait.. Even if it is 100+ degrees out."
Best barbeque place I've had in the valley.  Had the el jefe with a side of jalapeño cheddar grits.  Very delicious and staff was very friendly
"Suffering from meat coma. Yup, everyone has nailed it on the head. It's amazing and the best I've ever had. It ain't cheap and it shows with the flavor and good meat they buy. Their sauce is awesome too. I eat bbq with my bare hands, forks are for sides. This allows your mind to feel the bbq as well as taste and smell, try it, I'm not kidding. There's nothing bad here, even the 45 minute wait was ok, you make friends in line and they provide ice cold water bottles."
"Hands down, this is the best BBQ I've had here in Phoenix.  Atmosphere is good, although be prepared to wait an hour plus at peak times to get a taste. Once inside the door it moves pretty quickly. The best time of year to check it out is fall or winter to avoid standing in line in the heat and enjoy the patio seating. The meat is smoked exquisitely and is tender as can be (my favorite so far is the turkey) Sauces are on point (sweet and spicy with a kick) they even offer a gourmet mustard if you're a fan of mustard with your bbq like I am. They offer to sauce your meat beforehand too. Top off your meal with a bottled coke or Arizona ice tea. Definitely a great spot!"
This might be the best BBQ I've had in the southwest. This place is great. Do not go anywhere else. Get the the jalapeño  cheddar cheese grits. It's lit.
"So good! Best BBQ spot around. Make sure to get there early, I mean really early otherwise you will be stuck in the queue and they run out pretty early! Definitely worth the wait! That brisket, so good. Beef ribs look like they were taken from a Dinosaur!!! Everything here is fantastic, staff are very polite and incredibly helpful and friendly. Will definitely be back on multiple occasions"
"This is the best bbq I have ever had. The sauce was delicious and would go well on a piece of cardboard, which is the exact opposite of what the actual food tastes like. The brisket was so good it was perfect without sauce in my opinion. The sausage was crisp to bite into and the taste of the sausage itself was something that I won't soon forget. The customer service was also excellent I was amazed at the number of times I was asked if everything was okay, and if I was enjoying my visit. Every time I go to Phoenix I will make my first destination off of the plane this delicious barbecue stop"
"This little tiny hole in the wall BBQ shop is worth the drive and worth the extensive wait in line. The BBQ is melt in your mouth delish from the brisket to the ribs to the sausage to the pulled pork. The sides are good, but that's not why you come. The employees are like friends or family and treat everyone like gold. One of my most beautiful and favorite places to eat of my entire adult life. Aaahhhhhh........"
"Just eat here, there are no words to explain how amazing this place is. I seriously drink the juice off the plate. Most tender fatty brisket ever. Their sauces are amazing, don't skip dessert the pecan pie is so good. I tried everything on the menu and not a single thing was bad. All amazing. Plus the hospitality was incredible free water if you wait in line, a personal tour of the smoking area, and a real love for what they do is apparent."
"We arrived about 40 minutes before they opened and waited in line, patiently taking in the aroma of all of the barbequed meats.  Once we got inside the shop, we were given a sample of the brisket.  By far the best brisket I have ever eaten in Arizona, and it would rival, if not superseded many of the briskets in Texas.  We ordered a sample of each meat as we could not choose.  My personal favorite was the lean brisket, but most people seemed to love the fatty brisket.  The sausage was also spectacular.  We also had a few pork ribs.  We will certainly be back again when we are craving some authentic barbeque."
"Brisket was good and tender, but sides (potatoes salad & Cole slaw) were blah. Will come again next time I'm in town."
"Absolutely amazing! I went for the first time on a Wednesday, got there about 1015 and was about eighth to open at 11. Everyone working was so nice, and the food was amazing. Don't miss the brisket! I also love the jalapeño grits, even though grits are usually something I'm into. Got a pecan pie to go, which was phenomenal. Can't wait to take any visitors into town here."
"We went on a Saturday late afternoon, there was brisket, sausage, and cole slaw available so we tried it all. It was the best of each I've ever had! The staff is super friendly and welcoming! The food is awesome! I'll definitely be back and will come a bit earlier next time to try the beans and pecan pie. I highly recommend this place!"
"This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had. I've eaten some of the countries best BBQ through various ""Rib burn-offs"" or Regional BBQ tournaments. And yet Little Miss BBQ is the absolute best. 

The ribs are cooked to perfection, his brisket is the best I've ever had, the pastrami (if available) omg! 

It will be the best BBQ you will ever have any time you walk up to the counter. Just get there early.... 

An hour wait is common and sellouts happen daily. This isn't an accident, it's just that good. 

Scott Your Food is the best!"
Hands down the BEST BBQ in the country. No joke. They sell out every day. The lines are long but totally worth it! Get there at least an hour before opening and be prepared for the best BBQ you've ever tasted! We bring home extra orders to savor for a couple of days afterwards as well!
"Awesome BBQ place in Phoenix.  When you pull up, you can smell the smokers and it was awesome.  Missed the lunch crowd by arriving at 2pm, but they ran out of most of their selections. I tried the lean brisket and sausage in a 2 meat plate with the Jalapeño Grits and coleslaw.  Everything was great!"
Holy mole is this place good!  A group of us from work went to try this place out since I kept reading some awesome reviews about it.  And it's everything it states it will be plus more!  We got there around noon and waited about an hour to place our order.  The nice part was they gave us cold water bottles while we waited in line and gave us a tour of the smoker so we could learn how they cooked the meats and why it was so good.  Once inside the guys are super nice and let you try the meat if you ask for a sample.  Since we didn't get in the door until close to 1 they ran out of fatty brisket and turkey.  But I had a lean brisket sandwich and it was still so moist!  Also had the potato salad and I'm already craving it for the next time.  The other tip I learned while there is Tuesday is their slower day so maybe only a 30 min wait?  Everything was awesome!
"i'm definitely in the minority on this place

1) the wait is atrocious.  we got there half an hour early (around 10:30AM) and still didn't get seated until almost 12.  i definitely did not think it was worth the 1.5 hour wait.

PRO TIP: call a week in advance and order a take-out order.  just plan a party and invite friends over.  at least you won't have to wait in a crazy line and you guys can all get fat together.

2) the fatty brisket everyone fawns over was TOO fatty for me.  like, slimy and drippy fatty.  I held a hunk of fat between my fingers and was grossed out. 

3) every type of meat we got was very tender - the pork ribs, the beef ribs, the pulled pork, fatty brisket and lean brisket - however, without dipping/dousing/dumping BBQ sauce (the spicy one, zomg yum), they were quite bland.  they had a subtle hint of smokiness but not much and our selection had zero burnt ends. i'm no BBQ connoisseur but i at least know smokiness and burnt ends = deliciousness.

4) i will definitely give 5 stars to their pecan pie.  HOLY MOLY.  some might hate me for this but i love cold pie.  I popped mine in the fridge, added a scoop of hard vanilla bean ice cream and went straight to heaven.  my friends heated theirs up in the microwave and found that it fell apart.  but still super delicious.  not insanely sweet and loaded with pecans (which i love).  The filling tasted like rich butterscotch.  UGH.

given the insane wait and the meat-that-needed-more-flavor, i'm giving this place a three
i still prefer bludsos"
"I came from a different state, and I'm very particular about BBQ.  I've tried a number of places and never took a liking to most places except for one.   But came upon this place based on a friend's recommendation and looks like I found another place to go to the top of my list.  The ribs and briskets were moist and flavorful.  I also tried the sausage my hubby ordered, but I'm not a big fan of sausage so not likely to order that again.  But do try everything with the trio of sauces!"
Food is outstanding and service is even better. Great place a true treasure. Stop by it's well worth it.
"We showed up on a Saturday around lunch time. I was surprised it was still open for the day. Bonus! We were expecting it to be closed. The line wasn't super long but it was hot and muggy out. A very nice older gentleman was milling around though, offering water and lighthearted conversation while we waited under the Easy-Up with misters installed. All in all it took us about 20 minutes to get into the building. They really do their best to make your wait as comfortable as possible. Thank you LMB!

We finally made it indoors (thank god) to find a small counter and small eating area. Another gentleman who I assume is the owner was at the helm offering up samples and suggestions. We ordered the brisket and pulled pork, cheese grits, beans, and potato salad. Oink! Gladly paid with a debit card as a lot of mom/pop places only seem to take cash. Nice surprise. Made our way to an indoor table and chowed down. 

The brisket was really good. I'm sad though that 1/3 of my portion was mostly fat. I know a lot of meat fans are into that but it creeps me out. So I usually cut it off and hand it over to the BF. This stuff was so tender I literally had to use a spoon to eat it. I couldn't keep it on my fork! The pulled pork was very delicious. Not much flavor, but subtle. Not a dry piece of meat on our plate (we shared). Their sauces are the best I've tasted, I tried all three that were on the table. Grits were great, beans undercooked for my liking but great flavor, and the potato salad was my favorite. 

This isn't a place I'd frequent in the summer months. By the time we got to our table I was a sweaty miserable mess. Indoors is only slightly cooler than outside. The tables and sauce bottles were filthy and everything felt grease covered. I've never ate anywhere that made me immediately want to go home and shower before I continued with the rest of my day. 

I think the temperature is something I personally have an issue with, I don't blame LMB. So really, the only complaints would be that things need to be wiped down more often. The sauce bottles were just caked in half dried/half sticky sauce. It was gross. Also I feel it's a little overpriced for the portion but not so much that I wouldn't return. Just not as often as I'd prefer. 

A solid BBQ place with really great people working it."
"I've tried this place twice now and it never disappoints. The first time we went, we arrived at 10:40 and had maybe 20 people ahead of us. The second time we went we got there around 11:30 and waited for an hour. Don't let that intimidate you because it is SUPER WORTH IT. The staff will walk around and update you if they're starting to run low or are out of everything. Even if they run out of something you were hoping to try DONT LEAVE!!! Everything they have is amazing. Fatty brisket? Yes please! If you're lucky and at the counter st the right time you can even manage a free burnt end. HEAVEN IN YOUR MOUTH!!! Whatever you pick will be great and don't skip the pie!!! In fact, make sure that everyone gets their own to take home because, once you try it, you won't want to share."
"We were on a little weekend getaway to Arizona for my birthday and stumbled across Little miss BBQ.  Even though we had never waited in line that long for anything, it was well worth the wait.  
The customer service was amazing and the owner stopped and chatted with us and even gave us a pecan pie and extra beans (highly recommend) for my birthday! 
Like I said, be prepared to wait in line (so make sure to bring good company) but also be prepared to have an amazing experience and BBQ!"
"I've been to a ton of places. Being born and raised in central Texas, my Dad used to take me to Lockhart about once a month as a treat. Since then I've been to them all...Blacks, Smitty's, Kreuz, Mickelthwait, Coopers, Salt Lick, Kerlin, John Mueller, La BBQ, and a bunch of other joints. 

This place is the best. Hands down.

I've been waiting since I've gone multiple times to see if they could repeat the consistency and, luckily, they can. So, why does Little Miss rank numero uno on my list? They are hitting home runs on everything. Sure the brisket at Franklin's is divine but guess what...the brisket here is just as good and to top it off their other items are better. 

I've just never been to a BBQ joint that is hitting on all cylinders on every meat they're smokin' like Little Miss. 

Additionally, the staff are amazingly friendly. Last time I went, I ended up waxing poetically with one of the owners about all the central Texas places. There wasn't any ""Yeah that place is good BUT""...instead all she could say was ""Ohhhh man, that place makes such good..."". Really cool to see her respecting what those places do while at the same time trying to top it all. 

Keep kicking ass Little Miss!"
Great food. Best bbq around Phoenix! Very tender and smoked just right. Recommend this place to anyone looking for good bbq.
"Waited about an hour and a half in line. It was actually enjoyable. They have a great mister system, brought around samples of sausage and had cold water available while in line. The service was very friendly.
The food was amazing. Perfectly executed BBQ. Texas style brisket was excellent and the huge beef rib was amazing, huge, fun and perfectly smoked. 
These guys know how to smoke. They have a fun, delicious spot that is worth the wait."
"Everything here is great..... employees attitudes are good!!  Everyone that walked into the place (or left) were greeted well!!  By the time we arrived it was close to closing time, so they were out of all the meats except brisket and chopped brisket!  Four sides are offered..... I ordered a plate, with it I got 2 sides.... grits, cheese w/ jalapeño & ranch style beans!! Very good, well seasoned!  It was our 1st time, but it won't be our last!!"
This is the best BBQ. Would recommend just getting the fatty brisket the rest of it is good but not too special. Better than any BBQ. The meat absorbs all the flavor from the beautiful wood it's being smoked by.
"Amazing BBQ! Definitely worth the wait, got there at 9:30 and left with the goods at 11:30. The fatty brisket and the sausage were the bomb. You get a choice of lean, fatty or mixed for the brisket...definitely go for the fatty all the way. They gave us brisket samples while were were waiting and it made us up our order from 1lb to 1.5lbs. I usually don't like sausages since they are usually too peppery or salty for me, but these are packed with pecan smokey flavor with a hint of Jalapeño. They were giving these as samples too while you waited in line. The house BBQ sauce goes perfect with the meat, although the BBQ is fine naked too. Can't believe I haven't been here sooner."
"I can't comment on the BBQ because I don't eat meat, but I dragged my family here as I saw this on a Thrillist list of best restaurants in PHX.

What I can comment on is the sides and the service!  Service was phenomenal from the get go - we were welcomed in (a pretty short) line and any questions we had were answered.  I love that there's MASSIVE smokers and once a meat is out out for the day that's it!  Anyway, I mentioned to the guy in the line that I was a vegetarian and would just be getting the sides.  What I didn't expect is that when we paid the man who was checking us out felt so bad that he comped my meal completely.. What a sweetheart!!! It doesn't take much to make me happy, but that really put me over the edge.

My family loved the brisket.  I enjoyed the fact that the cole slaw wasn't too overpowered by cream/mayo/whatevergoesinit and absolutely adored the grits.  They have a very small kick to them but not spicy!  I doused everything in BBQ sauce and had a very fulfilling meal.  You must get the pecan pie as well!  It wasn't really smokey as advertised, but it wasn't extremely sweet like most pecan pies and had a nice, fattening, buttery crust."
"This is the greatest bbq I have ever had but after our last visit I am just not sure if it's worth standing in line for 2 hours. In what other situation is it appropriate to wait that long for your food? And be told while waiting that long that they are selling out of various items? And we got there before they opened. AND the line really wasn't that long. It just moved super slow. 

Hopefully perhaps they can remedy this by setting up a separate line for large orders, as I think that was one of the main reasons for my issues above. I am sure there are reasonable, cost effective solutions to this problem. 

For a heads up for first timers, if the line is out in the sun (or past the eating area) it's at least an hour. If it's past their container storage, it's at least two hours."
Good stuff but YOU MUST HAVE TIME to wait in line otherwise you will leave very disappointed. Brisket is the best you can get in the Valley. Otherwise you have to go to Austin.
"Yes! AAAAAAAaaaaaaaand yes! 

EVERYTHING WAS BBQ HEAVEN! 

I am from Texas and love beef bbq. I admit I am a bit of a beef bbq snob. 
This is great, amazing, I LOVED it all!

Seriously, worth the wait in 120 degree heat."
"Best fatty brisket ever! Love how they give samples while in line. Scott, the owner, is super personable, comes around to talk with everyone, serves, cooks, wipes off tables.  All around humble, cool guy!  He wants to make sure everyone is satisfied and happy with the food.  Haven't gotten a bad thing and we're regulars for one and a half years. Thanks, little miss!"
"My girlfriends and I went on Thursday and the wait in line was well worth the time. Wonderful!! Their jalapeño sausage was so good. Don't leave without getting their pecan pie. 
March 2017 - my brother and sister-in-law came to visit so I had to take them here. They loved this place! We each tried something different and shared pork, brisket and their sausage. So good!!! Good Texas BBQ in AZ."
"Just flew in from Austin and headed straight here after reading about it online. Let me tell you, this is authentic Texas BBQ and their sauce is unreal. 

I will warn you once you go Texas BBQ you will never go back.

Can't wait till I am back in town to have it again."
"Yep, my husband brought home beef ribs today. Said he stood in line for an hour...and those ribs were amazing. One rib was plenty. Lots of meat (reminded me of a slow smoked short rib). Seasoning apparent on the exterior! Just awesome!"
"Maybe I had my hopes too high going into this place due to the glowing reviews, but this place was just ok to me. We got there right at 11 when they open and there was a hefty line. Why is the line so long and moves so slowly? The owner individually cuts meat for each person...this is nice and all... but maybe during the summer he may want to consider streamlining the process? Just a thought. And yes, the owner's dad was charming and took us on the tour of the smoker... which we enjoyed, but caused a little stress as our spots in line inched towards the door... we had been waiting in the heat for a long time and didn't want to lose our spot. Anyway, we made it back to our spots as we entered the door. Great. We sampled the brisket.. it was very tasty and tender. Get up to the counter... Our plan was that we would get a 2 meat plate and a sandwich to share with our two meats being the brisket and the (special) beef short rib. Ordered and was informed that the beef short rib didn't come on the plates.... umm, maybe you should disclose this prior? Maybe I missed it, I dunno. The owner said 'Look how big this is, it can't go on the plate!' I guess, but most of its bulk was the bone... the actual amount of meat was not that large. Regardless, we ended up getting the two meat plate with pork rib and brisket (sides: grits and beans), the pulled pork Jefe sandwich (pulled pork, sausage, pickles... we got it without slaw), and a beef short rib (that's why we came, right?). The total? 40$! Whoa... that's some expensive BBQ. Some of the food was very good and others did not live up to expectation. The short rib was good, but had a bit of a burnt flavor. The pork ribs were pretty boring... no sauce... the sauce they have on the table was not very flavorful and the meat didn't fall off the bone... kind of a meh dish. The brisket was good, as previously stated, very tender, but a bit peppery. The grits were gluey and not spicy enough for being billed as 'jalapeno' and the beans were nothing special either. The sandwich was the stand out dish. The pulled pork was very good, I didn't love the sausage, but the pork and the pickles with some sauce made for a tasty sandwich. I don't know that I would be back anytime soon, but if I did, I would get the pork sandwich and be done. 

PS I ate so much meat at this place, I'm pretty sure I got the meat sweats, so be careful! Haha. 

Happy eating Yelpers!

PPS - I got this response from the owner here, which I think is really awesome. Nice to know some owners can look at their business and make small changes to improve! Thanks Scott!

'Thanks for coming in to check out our little barbecue place and for posting a Yelp review. I'll be honest, three stars isn't what I like to see but after reading your review I get it and we are going to change a few things. This week we are going to make sure that it's easy to see on the menu that the beef rib isn't included with the plate. I wish we could add them to the plates but my cost on each one is around $12. I'm also going to tweak my cooking method tonight to hopefully not have them get that burnt taste. For some reason, they took forever to cook and I think it dried out the meat a little and gave them too much smoke.  Right now we have tons of people ordering very large orders right when we open and the line stands still while that happens. We are adding another smoker in the next two months and will advertise that we take bulk meat to go orders for pick up prior to open. Our hope is that it will alleviate the wait when we are putting together those orders. I'm sorry about the grits, every now and then they get a little dry and become gummy. We now have a little cup of water nearby to make sure that that doesn't happen.  

Once again, thanks for coming in and thanks for your input. It has been beneficial.'"
"My friend and I approached the building only to see that the Parking lot was full. The very nice man indicated where we needed to park, and once I saw the line and smelled the air...I knew I had found the pathway to Fillory. 

After the long wait and seeing patron after patron bite into these delicious meats, we finally arrived to be greeted with fatty brisket. I instantly was filled with the love of a unicorn. I pinched myself over and over to make sure this wasn't a myth. 

After $50 worth of meat I am prepared to vomit just so that I can taste the deliciousness second hand.  Best place to get smoked meat and best $50 spent!"
"I'm from NH and we do not have Bbq this good. The ribs were tender and falling right off the bone, the pulled pork was flavorful and the brisket was so juicy! My boyfriend also had the smoked turkey and it was outstanding. If we lived in AZ we would be frequent visitors to this place."
"I had a really interesting experience at LMB, partially because I didn't even get the chance to try much of the BBQ, however, I just had to write a review for the outstanding customer service we received. 

We stopped by around noon on the Friday before the 4th of July and, as expected, there was a long line. Unfortunately for us, it happened to be an unusually busy day and we ended up waiting almost 2 hours! LMB has always been on my list of places to try in Phoenix and we didn't have much else going on so we decided to stick it out. On any other given day, I would opt out simply because the wait is way too long. 

So... after waiting what felt like an eternity, we were devastated, and frankly pretty pissed to find out that they ran out of meat right when the line got to us. As we were about to turn away, one of the employees said ""hold on, let me figure something out"" and scrambled to the back, returning with small portion of pulled pork. He then efficiently divided out plates for all the remaining customers in line and gave a generous portion of grits, beans, and onions FREE of charge. We really appreciated this gesture, and it felt like the owner and the employees all made a great effort to satisfy customers and set things right. 

Other reasons why I loved this place:
- There was a parking attendant who made the stressful and limited parking situation much more manageable
- They offer shade, misters, and free water for those waiting in line
- Employees were friendly and conscientious about updating customers about how much meat was left
- Outstanding customer service all around"
"So damn good. I'm from Charleston, SC and this BBQ would give the whole city a run for their money. Order anything meat-wise though my favorite is the brisket or pulled pork with grits. Comes with all kinds of pickles and of course, white bread. You at have to wait in line but if you have the time, it's great. I got there at 11 and waited about 40 minutes but they weren't out of anything yet. Score."
I ate everything on the menus and the one I love the most is the fat brisket the best I have eaten in phoenix ..
"Pulled pork sandwich, bbq beans, and jalapeno grits. Damn.. 

Not sure how to expand o all the reviews already praising this place, so I leave it simple. 

The line is worth the trouble for this food."
Food is always stable and does not lose its taste. The whole team is amazing and makes every effort to make sure that everything has come together in a blissful meat nirvana.
"Absolutely worth the 5 stars but be warned there is always a wait. If you get there before 12pm you're looking at 20-35 mins average.

On to the menu:
The brisket is the star of this show in my opinion. Get the fatty brisket and you won't be disappointed. So juicy and tender you can pull the meat apart with just a fork. You don't even need to add bbq sauce. 

The pork ribs are great and pull right off the bone, and there's a sweet/smokey flavor in every bite.  

The sausage is OK, I really enjoyed it but it wasn't all that different from anywhere else. 

The sides. I stuck with the Jalapeño and cheese grits and Cole slaw. The grits are amazing but if you take them to go they will start to congeal. Cole slaw was cole slaw, cold and fresh. 

Bottom line, my first and second trip here were just days apart, you WILL love this place!"
"We've had BBQ all over the country and have participated in competitions.  This is some of the best and most consistent BBQ we've ever had.  Everything is great, dogs love the short rib bones after, and leftovers never last more than one day.  Scott and crew do an amazing job and I hope they keep smoking for years to come."
Phenomenal. You'll never find BBQ like this ever. If you think you've had the best barbecue you haven't tried this .once you try this you never want to go anywhere again. We drove 120 miles to come to this. and  know Little Miss BBQ will be your favorite. After this I don't even like my own barbecue now that's how good this is. Be prepared to wait in a line. But it's well worth it. I'll wait forever in a line just for this. Phenomenal
There's not much I can say about this restaurant that you have not heard. It is hands down the best bbq joint in the valley. My faves are the fatty brisket and their sausage. Biggest tip is to get there at 10am and you should be getting your food shortly after they open at 11am.
"This place is absolutely ahhmazing.  I love all tbe staff who are friendly & sweet.  Food is top rated,  best ever BBQ.  Once you have Little Miss you will be hooked for life.   Dont let the line discourage you, it is so worth the wait!"
"Saw the reviews and drove straight there from the airport.  Food was very good but not worth waiting an hour in the slowest moving line around.  Glad I gave it a shot.

Visited again when there wasn't a line.    Food as good but not worth waiting in line for.  Maybe they should look at expanding so they can improve the flow of customers."
"The Yelp reviews do not lie. 

This place was awesome. 

We came for lunch and got 2 meat platters so
We could try each smoked meat offering. One one plate we had grits and potato salad, and on the other we had beans and Coleslaw. The grits were by far our favorite side.....

But now the important part: the meat. Ranked in order of our favorites:
1. The ribs. They were amazing. It was a meat based religious experience. 
2. The fatty brisket. Kinda made me want to weep. 
3. The sausage 
4. Pulled pork
5. Turkey. 

While I thought the pulled pork and turkey were VERY good....I could live without it. But honestly....I don't think I can wait more than a week before I go back for ribs and brisket. 

To finish, we split a pecan pie. Plenty big enough for 2 people and really delicious. 

We got there around 1:45 on a Thursday and there was no line BUT we did score the LAST piece of fatty brisket.....

The ONLY downside I can think of is that it's a bit pricey. Not unreasonable....but 2 plates and a pie was just under $50."
"Best BBQ in AZ! Regreatible that's not saying much, but to say it stacks up to the top 10 in TX., which it does, is saying alot.

If you do a little research you will learn just how good Little Miss is. All I can add, is to mention, I have made pilgrimages to the top 10 and everything you read about LMBBQ is legit, it's not hype, it's not a mirage in the desert, Little Miss is that good!"
Best BBQ ever. Hands down amazing. The line is long because they cut the meat and chat with you. Make sure you got time. It's totally worth the line.
"Plan on being there early. Understand that their hours are ""until we run out"" which will likely happen. Excellent food and it's great to talk to the owner and his father as they are working. Not in a neighborhood you would normally go but fine during the normal business hours. Make sure you add it to your places to eat near the Phoenix airport if you are in town occasionally. Don't expect fancy - just great food."
"The best I have ever tasted. The beef brisket is to die for. The meat melts in your mouth. As far as the sides go, I truly enjoyed the jalapeño cheddar grits as well. I can't wait to go back."
"Perfect place for locals and in-the-know visitors alike to grab a BBQ lunch. Only open 11-4 Tu-Sat and the lines can be long, so plan accordingly! The servers are particularly friendly and chatty, transforming your BBQ treat into a personable experience as well. Reasonable prices, too!"
"Came here on a Saturday afternoon with friends visiting from Oklahoma. We had to wait in line for 30 min.  Place is pretty good for having BBQ in AZ.  I got the  El Jefe Sandwich which had sausage and a choice of meat (chopped brisket).  I also got the Jalopeno cheddar grits.  It's a decent bbq joint, it may be because I've tried very good BBQ back in OK and TX which kind of set the expectation higher.  I would want to visit again to try the meats."
By far the best BBQ in Arizona! Some of the best BBQ I have had anywhere! Fatty nrisket is simply amazing.
The owner actually sold me a smoker in his previous life. I didn't even know this was his place. I didn't recognize him. At the end of meal he remembered my name.. I told him this was the first restaurant in Arizona that makes better bbq than my backyard smoker. They do well in competition bbq circuit and their rubs sauces and meat is out of this world. I came in before we realized we knew each other and he forced me to try everything they had left...which wasn't much late in the day. Everything was so good but after the sampling I went with the brisket.  Bark flavorful. Nice smokering. Nice moisture.  You aren't going to find better bbq in arizona and I know bbq. They need to setup other places valley wide and start dinner service...I would never smoke my own meat again. Very friendly staff and great vibe. selfishly I want this to remain a secret but it's clearly not anymore and I wish the nice owners all the success in the world.
"Catching a late lunch has it's risks. The sign said 11-4 or ""until they're sold out"". Unlikely. And how can you survive on being open 4 hours a day, 5 days a week?!? This joint has definitely figured out how to do just that. After doing yelp check ins for several months, this place deserves that I take the time to post a review. Not that they need it! Pulling in at 3pm surely meant there would not be a problem but the staff were shutting down! The pit master was kind enough to make a plate of pork and grits. Everything smoked meat should be and the grits were perfect! The house made sauces are wonderful. I even had the pecan pie- Delish! I was granted a tour of the smoke pits (work of art) and even snapped a few pics and asked for a hug. Thanks guys for making my visit incredible!  I am in a LMB coma... Ann"
This is the type of roadside BBQ I miss that we had in Kanas City. We arrived late on a Saturday. They only had chopped brisket left. Not my favorite BBQ meat but we tried it. It was good. I was surprised they had cheese grits. I have not had these since my grandmother made them in Georgia. These grits were very good. The chopped brisket was good. I like the outdoor setting on the picnic tables near the smokers. I will be back to try the ribs.  Dry nice people who work here and great customer service.
"This place is the real deal for BBQ!

My buddy and I headed down there last week on a Thursday for lunch.  Fortunately we were in line by 10:45 and only had about 10 people ahead of us.  Cars streamed into the parking lot soon afterwards and the line became pretty long.

We decided to try as many different things as possible and share or orders.  The lean brisket, fatty brisket, pulled pork and sausage were all amazing.  Even though the meat was so good and didn't need any sauce their house sauce was delicious and I put a little bit on each bite.

The side dishes were just OK.  Grits, beans, cole slaw and potato salad and a few slices of white bread rounded out the meal.

The owner and other employyees were very friendly and I'll definitely come back another time."
This is the best BBQ I've ever had in my life. And I tried the famous spots in Kansas. It is well worth the wait.
This place was AMAZING! Got there late and they only had chopped brisket and sausage. The BBQ gods were looking out for me today. Got to the front of the line and they found more sliced brisket. I must thank the BBQ gods. It was the best. Can't wait to go back for more.
"The Brisket is the worst cut of meat...maybe ever.    The reason it's always on a BBQ Menu, is because it's tougher than hell if you cook it any other way than over really low heat over a long period of time.   It takes time, experience and some patience.  For it it be great: You have to have a good cut, with the right amount of fat to slowly break down as it slowly renders itself into the meat.     Even after it's done you have to cut it a certain way just to even make it tender.  Because you have to smoke it so long, it tends to dry out,  so keeping it moist and letting the flavor come out is a challenge.   If you've ever done it, you'll know what I'm talking about.    

Wanna try some great Brisket?  These guys nail it on all points, IMO.  

Best.  BBQ. Brisket. in.  Arizona.    I don't want to piss anyone off from Texas, but maybe its the best of anywhere west of the Mississippi.  

Worth the wait.   

The ribs were good too.  So were the sides.   

I loved it.   Worth every bit of 5 stars."
"Crazy good bbq and an equally crazy wait!

What to get:
- Brisket.  This is definitely the best brisket I've ever had. The fatty brisket is melt-in-your-mouth-good.  
- Cole slaw.  It's on the lighter side with not a lot of dressing.  

Tips:
- Get there early and avoid going on a Saturday.  I arrived at 10:15 am on a Saturday and had to wait in line until 1 pm.  They were definitely running low on brisket by the time I ordered.
- The line takes a while because there is typically only one person cutting and serving meat.  There is also only one cash register, which definitely adds to the wait.  The food is worth the wait, but having such a small staff definitely makes the wait longer than it needs to be."
"It was a pretty long line, but they give you water bottles while you wait, which is nice. The bbq is on the sweeter side. Beans are good, turkey is good, grits are ok, potato salad is ok. Its a little expensive. Rudy's bbq in Chandler is better. And they don't run out of food."
"Do your self a favor and go to this place. AMAZING meats of all sorts. Make suree to take your Lipitor and Plavix, its going to be an artery clogger."
"As if they need a GREAT review from me, but I'll give it a shot.
In town for Veteran Administration conference for educators (why else would a sane person visit Phoenix this time of year?) and checked them out on Yelp....it is exactly as it should be here...all about THE FOOD.
I'm not a ""sausage person"" but when offered a sample I had to reconsider....got two of those bad boys to go back to CA on plane with me and pound of fatty brisket vacuum packed for ride home. The best souvenir to take back!!
Long live Miss Piggy!!"
"Stood in line for 40 minutes.  Had to leave without ordering.  HOWEVER, a sample of sausage made a round that was out of this world.  Also, people were leaving the restaurant as if they just completed their bucket list.  People eating in groups were not talking because it would interfere with eating that delicious food.  

I'll be back-with time on my side and expectations to add another start to this rating!*"
Hott Damn - Well worth the drive and the wait - Best BBQ this side of Lockhart TX
"Awesome bbq good, moist, a real smokie delight, sides just ok, but not worth the wait in line. also not a fan of their cutting board and how messy it looked, very unappealing."
This place has outstanding BBQ!  Must try it if you are willing to wait.
"This place was wonderful. My friend and I went to this location a few weeks back and I have thought about it regularly since. 

We popped in around lunch time. The flavors were just right and everything was seasoned perfectly. When you order they ask you what type of fatness you want which I have never experienced. I asked for lean at first, but the gentleman made a few recommendations that I went with. 

The wait was crazy but we were not in a hurry and the service was excellent. I don't know what they could do to speed it so it is what it is. 

Great spot and I will be back."
"Get the fatty brisket. Melts in your mouth! 

Make sure you get there at 11 am or before, so you get a place in line closest to the door. There is a keg of iced water by the line, so you can get hydrated while you wait."
Lines are crazy but what a problem to have for a new local business!! So tasty and worth it!
The food is excellent; the brisket melts in your mouth..::drooling::.. but the wait on Saturday is nuts.
"I knew this place was nearby, but never seemed to make it over.  Had a wish for bbq, so gave it a shot.  Why I never stopped here for the last year I have worked in Tempe, I don't understand.  Not the most inexpensive lunch, but really good fresh BBQ.  Very small spot, so finding parking is hard, but the line is really tight as well, so keep that in mind."
"Get there EARLY. We went Friday and got there at 1030 (they open at 11), and we didn't order until 1230. On top of that, they ran out of fatty brisket and turkey. They did give out samples while we waited in line and also provided ice cold water and even sunblock spray. 

Having said that, it was still worth it. So good! We got the brisket and sausage, both delicious. Tried all the sides, which were also very tasty. And we got a small pumpkin pie with Nutella which was a perfect ending to the meal."
"Bummed you can not leave 6 stars. If lmbbq is only 6, than most other place can never even hop to get a 4 in my book. Quite possibly the best overall restaurant I've ever been too. Food... unreal! Best brisket period! Proper smoke ring, perfect flavor,  not over smoked like some. Other meats we tried have been fabulous as well, but Brisket is king here. Sides are ok, but not at the same level as the meats.  Service... awesome. Considering people wait 2+ hours,  the meat cutter, normally the owner scott, treats ever guest like a vip! Lines are silly long, but we'll worth it."
"By far the best BBQ I've every had!!!! Always comparing this place to any where that serves BBQ, never find one that is close to comparison. 

I wish they had a location on the west side of town."
"HOLY SCHNIKES!
THIS IS THE BEST BBQ I'VE EVER HAD!
wow. It was soooo tasty. The sauce was an another level. The jalapenos grits....WOAH.
THE ONLY negative is that they have short hours. I cannot wait until they open Sunnyslope"
"I never knew I could enjoy barbecue this much without bbq sauce. The fatty brisket literally felt like a soft cookie in your mouth - it just melted. I waited a while in line, but it was well worth it. Without a doubt the best bbq in Phoenix.

Come prepared to wait an hour or two to get your slice of heaven. I promise it's well worth the wait.

I didn't both with the sides. With meat this delicious, I didn't see a point."
"It's terrible! 

I say this so you don't come, the lines will get shorter and I can have it all for myself.

Everything here is fantastic and worth every hour of wait in line."
one of the best place.  well worth the wait in line.  love it.  worth eating and waiting for.  best bbq in the world love it.  best food place on yelp!!!!! go utes
"This place is LEGIT. They have nailed true Texas BBQ. Scott has mastered his pits, no set it and forget it here, and he has conquered the simplicity of BBQ. It's not about a fancy building or upscale menu, It's about doing BBQ, and BBQ only. He doesn't hold his food all day to be able and serve dinner. He makes an amount to allow him to sell it out before it sets too long. He makes his own sausage in-house. His food stands on equal ground with Franklin's and LA BBQ in Austin. And I don't think I'm too far off with my review judging from the line that is always present. I also know they are not serving commodity beef. I get my briskets from the same wholesaler, and have had to wait a day because Scott has bought them out."
"We had to check this place out after seeing 5 stars reviews in yelp. After an hour wait in line, it was worth the wait. Yum!! Brisket, sausage, pecan pie and the sides are all so yummy. Jalapeño grits and potato salad have a lil kick for me but still yum. Was too hungry and forgot to take pictures"
"The reviews about this place are on point. The food is out of this world good. Worth every minute in line. Everything you're reading here is true. 
Middle of nowhere, parking is hit or miss, get there early or wait for over an hour like we did. 
Fatty brisket is heavenly. The ribs are fall off the bone tender, sausage is full of flavor. And the grits & beans are the perfect compliment to the tender, flavorful meat.  This place is legit. It will ruin you for any other bbq. Be prepared to crave the brisket for days after."
"5 stars as advertised. Being from Texas growing up with real BBQ, this stuff competes with the best of them. I had the brisket and sausage. To die for. Jalapeño cheddar grits ""to die for"""
i've lived in tx for 7+ years recently. this is legit tx bbq; the brisket is amazing.
"There is just something about waiting in line for your food with everyone who are just as equally excited as you are. After reading all the reviews on Yelp, we decided to arrive at Little Miss BBQ at 10am on a Thursday. Even being an hour early, there were 7 people ahead of us. It wasn't until around 10:30 that the parking lot was beginning to really fill up and the lines were getting substantially longer and longer. By opening time at 11am, there was no more parking spots available and people had to wait in their cars until someone leaves. Luckily, like a well-oiled machine, there are workers helping to direct traffic to keep things efficient and easy. There was a cooler filled with mini bottles of water that people can help themselves to while waiting in line which is nice. Samples of the sausages were even brought out for us to nibble on by the wonderful staff.

We decided to skip the sides and order just meat. We ordered one pound of fatty brisket, half pound of pork ribs, and a smoked pecan pie. The fatty brisket definitely lived up to the hype and was absolutely heavenly. OMG. It seriously just melts in your mouth and is eyes-rolls-to-the-back-on-your-head delicious. I can never see barbecue the same way again. At first I was hesitant to get the pork ribs since it seems boring but I am so glad we did because those were exquisite as well. Packed with flavors and just fell right off the bones. No barbecue sauce needed! The pecan pie was fantastic and one of the best ones I've ever had. I was so full that I couldn't finish the pie and just had to fly it back with me to New York to savor at home. 

Little Miss BBQ is a place you seriously have to visit when in Phoenix. It WILL change your life."
"The best BBQ in town. Definitely worth the wait. Turkey was flavorful and juicy, brisket was awesome and all the sides were a great compliment to the meat. Excited for the second location to open near Sunnyslope!"
Loved this place. I arrived late in the day straight from the airport. I was intrigued by the great reviews. They treated me like a regular and I felt very welcomed. Nice folks. Great food.
Every bite made this place worth the wait and price. Amazing food and great people.  Highly recommend!
Awesome food and service!  We had the pork ribs and the lean brisket with some beans.  The atmosphere was comfortable and friendly.  The price was very affordable.
"This place. This god damn place.

It's literally perfect. I'm almost angry because I know that I will never have meat that tastes this good ever again. Yes there was a long line, but we were given water and some free samples of their sausage while waiting. Then when we were about to order, I got to sample the fatty brisket and I just started giggling. It literally surpassed what I thought was the best bbq could ever taste. A two meat plate was a lot of food, and I'm a 6'3 athlete, and with a root beer it put the damage right at $20. That price is EASILY worth it. I'm telling you, their meat is literally worth any price that they put.

For now, two hours after eating, I'm still giddy about how delicious their brisket was. Hands down, best bbq I've ever had. 11 out of 10. I would have this as my last meal.

Hopefully all my favorite foods don't taste like dirt now in comparison."
"Came back today and ordered a few things.  I got here at 10:30 and was still about 15th in line.  I got my food and was eating by 11:20 though.  I ordered a 1/2lb of fatty brisket, a 1/4 lb of turkey and a sausage link.  All of this came out to a little over $20.00.

The sausage was the best part of the meal today.  I will always get a link whenever I come here.  The brisket today was just a tad off. It had a little weird aftertaste to it that I did not encounter last time.   Still very good and better than anywhere else around, but it wasn't as good/tasty as the first time I came here.  I think it could have been cooked/smoked just a little longer.  The bark was not as prevalent  and the fat in the brisket did not render down completely.  I had more than a few bites of gelatinous fat where as the last time I came here, it was PERFECT!  Hopefully it was just a one off.  I will try, try try again lol.   I also ordered and tried out their turkey for the first time.  It was great!  It was moist, smoked properly and sliced perfectly.  I would definitely get it again.  The only thing I haven't tried out is the pulled pork.  I will try that out next time I come.   Service was friendly as always.  No complaints there.  I just hope the fatty brisket comes out a smidge better next time."
"Just got back, from having some fantastic BBQ. Brisket, was on point. And the house sauce.....shiiiitt, I drank it! I would've showed a pic of my plate,  but its allllll gone. 

I'm going to edit my review jus alil bit. I've attempted to get into the parking lot twice. Made in 2x's lol. Had the Jefe this time. AH MA ZING!!!!!?? However, I'm NOT a fan of the BBQ beans. I've had them twice, and both times the beans were a little hard & The Potatoe Salad was hard too. Not a fan. But, the meats are Bomb Diggity! Still a fan....I just gotta plan better....I'm looking forward to the Pastrami"
"Hands down, Little Miss BBQ has awesome (excellent, fantastic, delicious, wonderful) brisket.  The bark is crusty, the meat flavorable and you only need a fork to eat it.  After saying that, I've got to say giving so many stars to a restaurant isn't always about eating a few items.  It's about the whole experience.  So, I would say if I was rating the brisket alone, rating it at a 5 star would even be less than it deserved.  The brisket definitely would deserve 6 stars and with the knowledge of the owner cooking that brisket, I would even guess all the other smoked items are probably just as good.  Cooking brisket is a talent and not everyone is that talented.  

However, none of the sides lived up to the brisket.  Living in Texas for years and years and being raised by Texans on Texas food, I'm very familiar with some of the Texas staples such as pinto beans and cornbread.  Well, they don't have cornbread but  they do serve pinto beans.  I've read comments on the pinto beans they serve and many love them, but folks, they aren't Texas pinto beans even if they have brisket in them.  They're spicy and not cooked as the pinto beans staples are cooked.  The potato salad was made with potatoes that weren't quite cooked thoroughly and the coleslaw was just okay.  Now the house barbecue sauce?  It was awesome and we loved it.  Should we return we would probably order the meat without the sides.

We waited in line about an hour.  The line moves very slow and eventually we made it to where we could order our lunch.  There are only 3 employees inside.  This is where the real hang up is.  Only one individual cuts all the meat while the other two stand around waiting for each customer at a time to get past the meat line.  There could be two cutting and serving the meat and that would definitely help the line.  The owner wants to cut the meat himself so he definitely micro-manages at this point but seems to be happy serving those they do.

The lines are long.  Lunch customers can't make it through that line in time to return to work.  There's even someone directing traffic in the parking lot and that alone tells you how popular this place is.  We loved the brisket.  Loved, loved it but would we return?  Probably not.  Lines are too long and price is higher than other brisket locations.  Brisket here is definitely excellent but the line and offered sides are a downside.

."
Can you please open a location out here in so cal? Thanks in advance.... haha. Was out in Phoenix for work and stumbled across little miss bbq. I'm honestly an impatient person but still waited in the line for 2 hours and I have to say this place was definitely worth the wait. AMAZING bbq
"Wow....I couldn't feel my legs after I ate the fatty brisket...it was awesome ...I can only eat there on a Friday because I'm full for the next few days...I dream about it...not so weird, after you've been there ..."
"Well this is thee best BBQ place in the greater phoenix area, without a doubt as you can see this place is 5 stars hands down from the moment you're greeted on the lot to walking in the door! Get there early before they open (10:15) or expect to stay in a very long line...but either way I promise you its well worth the wait!! I had The Jefe (hefā) - Chopped brisket sausage, pickles, slaw and house sauce and man oh man don't regret it for a second!!!"
"If you are anywhere remotely close (a Phoenix layover counts because they're so close to the airport!) Little Miss BBQ is a must for lunch, early dinner, snack - any meal just to be able to go here! We were the last to visit to get what was left so I recommend going early! They are opening a second locations lucky for all of you! 

My husband and I travel full time. We're originally  from the South and I thought surely Phoenix can't have good BBQ. Boy was I wrong. I'm so happy I listened to the fellow Yelp reviews because this place is amazing! We got the brisket and all the sides. Everything was incredible. The service was awesome also just to top it off. Definitely recommend - can't wait for the day we get to go back already!! I'll be dreaming about the grits until then!"
"By far, this is the best BBQ restaurant I have tried in The Valley.  I go here mainly because of the outstanding brisket.  It is amazing.  

I look forward to many trips back and look forward to trying the turkey, chicken, and pulled pork next time I stop in.  You need to get here as early as you can because they often sell out.  The food is always fresh and the customer service is impeccable.  The spicy and regular bbq sauce is awesome as well.

The only thing I don't care for is the side dishes...but the brisket makes up for everything!"
No joke the BEST BBQ I've ever had! First time here and would definitely go back again. Keep in mind the line and wait can get long but it is so worth it. Everyone has raves about the fatty brisket and unfortunately they were out by the time it was our turn; however their lean brisket is delicious. Pork ribs? Amazing! I usually tend to turn away from grits but when the staff heard it was our first time they wouldn't let us turn away without it. Let say I am now a fan of grits. So good! Has a little taste of the jalapeño without being spicy. If you ever in the mood for some good BBQ this is the place to go!
"This is the best BBQ I've ever had. Period.

This was just one of those chance happenings upon. We were in Phoenix for business and Yelped a place to eat. We saw Little Miss BBQ and thought we'd give it a shot. 

There was a line out the door and everyone in line had great things to say about the place. They were right. I ordered the fatty brisket, pulled pork, sausage, jalepeno grits, coleslaw, and a bottled coke. If you ask me, that was about as close to a perfect meal as it gets. This BBQ really reminds me of Franklin's in Austin. Just a salt and pepper rub. Smoked simply and perfectly. Nice people. Little place to sit. All in all a perfect BBQ experience. 

Anytime I'm in Phoenix I will be returning."
"This restaurant was amazing!  The wait in line was SO worth it!  The chef's father helps get people parked, hands out bottled water, and talks about the pecan pie. Then there is the best brisket I have ever had. It melts in your mouth! I loved the pecan pie and I don't normally like it much. As a customer you feel appreciated since the owners come over to talk."
"Absolutely the best BBQ I ever had in my life!!!  However, you do have to wait a loooooooooooing time before you get served!!!!!!!!!!"
"Top 10 meal in my life. Worth the wait. If I'm on death row, this is my last meal.   

The staff is very personable and positive. They just want you to have a great experience and it shows in the food. 

I want to live next door."
The best BBQ I've ever had. I thought my husband was crazy to make us get to the restaurant at 9:30 in the morning when it didn't open until 11. It was totally worth the wait. The brisket was AMAZING!  The beef rib was also incredible. This was the best food we've had and very friendly staff!
"Absolutely some of the best BBQ that I've had anywhere in the country. It holds up against the best in Texas and across the South. In fact, the only spot that I've had definitively better barbecue is in Austin. 

The service here is fantastic, even taking time to greet you in the line while you wait. Supposedly the line can get ridiculously long around noon, up to three hours on the busiest days. We were able to sneak in with a 30 minute wait around 2-2:30 pm, and still had the choice between a few kinds of meat that weren't sold out yet.

We settled on some of the pulled pork and chopped brisket, with potatoes and beans. The beans were insanely good, as was the meat.

The Nutella pumpkin pie was delicious and was highly recommended to us, while we waited on the line. It definitely didn't disappoint! Not sure if it's a seasonal special for the fall, but get it while you can!

We'll definitely be heading back to this place soon!"
"Don't know what else can be said about this place than what everybody has previously said!  Best BBQ I've had in a long time. I've had Franklin's in Austin and while that was great, I think Lil Miss is way better.   Hope they open up a second location soon!"
"Lives up to its reputation for fantastic meat. The house made sausage here - best in the world. Never had the brisket, always sold out by the time I get here. Jalapeño cheese grits - very tasty. Lunch only. Not much as far as sit down atmosphere, but the meat..."
Gotta love places that are just good. Just plain good. No pretentious prattling or deconstruction crap.  This is definitely one of those places.  You just know it's different when the smoker is outside next to the parking with covered picnic tables and water misters going.  Walk in the nondescript door and I'm greeted by the meat carver and served the best bbq dish in ages.  Read all the other reviews for the food.  They are spot on but the service blew me away.
Absolutely delicious! Brisket melts in your mouth and pork ribs to die for! First time here and best experience ever.
"Phoenix Staple for Good Reason

Little Miss BBQ lived up to the hype and was actually worth the 1-2 hour wait! I ordered the special short rib, which was pricey, but delicious. The food network was filming the day my friends and I went, so we also got to try the BBQ pork sandwich for the camera and a few other bonuses. Everything was tasty, but the big winners were the brisket and short rib for us. I'd definitely recommend a visit if you like experiences, local joints, and good BBQ!"
This is BY FAR the best barbecue I have ever had and I've had a lot. Please don't miss this place.
"This place is undeniably delicious... there is nothing I can say that hasn't already been said in prior reviews, but would I wait in line for another 2hrs for another meal, probably not. The food is there but the checkout process is way way slow. Unnecessarily slow. Going with 4 stars for that reason."
"You will stand in line to get this BBQ but is worth the wait. The brisket melts in your mouth. The pulled pork and pork ribs were tender and tasty. We had coleagues from Japan, China, Germany, Korea, and our local office staff, 35 people overall. I pre-ordered 28 pounds of several meats thinking there would be leftovers, boy was I wrong.  Everyone was going back for seconds and thirds. They inhaled all 28 pounds of meat in 45 minutes. When I asked our out of town guests what the wanted for lunch during their visit many said they didn't really care as long as one day I served the BBQ from Little Miss. Last time I served the Little Miss to them was three years ago so it was memorable to say the least."
Oh my god. Best bbq I have ever had. Forget Rudy's and all that other garbage. This place takes the cake. Speaking of which- their smoked pecan pies are awesome! I think Yelp should implement a 6th star for this place.
"Very well done barbecue! Worth the wait. A little annoyed at the line cutters however. We arrived at a point in the line that was a 1 hour 45 min wait. Ended up waiting almost 2 hours and 30 minutes because the person in front of us was ""saving a spot"" for 10 of his work friends. Get here early, on a weekday they were out of ribs, fatty brisket and pulled pork just after noon."
"My boss took me here for lunch while we were out of town on business as he loves it...a New Yorker. I'd never been to a place like this, EVER! I say that because in FL we don't have BBQ joints in which you have to wait in line for 1-2hrs to get some brisket and links like it's God's gift to the earth. The payoff was good in the sense I experienced waiting in line for something that is over glorified by the food network. However, I do recommend this ""establishment"" to my business associates when in the Phoenix area. Douse the stuff in their BBQ sauce and it'll work out just fine!"
"I was in Phoenix on business last week. My PHX based co-workers are frequent visitors and knowing I like BBQ, they took me to here. One word describes the food - amazing. I've had BBQ from a lot of places all over the country and the food here ranked at the top of the list for me. I had the two meat plate - brisket and pulled pork. Both were awesome. If you are in PHX and like BBQ, you have to come here. The line may be long, but it's truly worth the wait."
"Most amazing BBQ ever. The beef brisket was to die for. The pulled pork was the best I have ever eaten - tremendous flavor, low fat, and very tender. So good I could eat there every day."
"Went on a Friday before holiday weekend. 2 hour wait which may sound insane, but let me say, it was totally worth it!!!! The food is incredible and very reasonably priced. Owners and staff are amazing and friendly and they have cold bottled water while you wait. I had sausage with their delicious jalapeño grits and ranch beans, finished off with a smoked pecan pie. Can not wait to go back for more!!!"
The best Bbq place I've had! Recommended. Went around 1:30 and the wait wasn't bad at all. The staff was friendly and made a friend with the butcher on duty ( Quinn) nice dude. Tell him that you want to be his friend and he'll hook you up with a sausage sample!
"Most amazing BBQ place ever!  My son-in-law works close to Little Miss, and he recommended it to my husband and I to try it out.  We went for lunch one day, and what a pleasant surprise.  It seriously is the best BBQ brisket and pulled pork we have ever had.  The line was a little long, but well worth the wait!  We will definitely be going back there soon, taking the whole family.  The people that own the place were very friendly, and even showed us inside their ovens outside, if you haven't been to this place, put it on your list of places to check out, you won't be disappointed, is was incredible!"
"Great food!!! I attended a wedding and this company catered the food, very impressive. I would recommend Little Miss BBQ to everyone. They even had an amazing salad prepared for vegetarians. The service was spectacular."
"The best BBQ out West?  Yes...yes indeed.  Head and shoulders above anything else! 

After a semi disappointing BBQ meal on Thursday night, I needed some redemption.  I decided to drive down here on Friday morning.  I arrived at around 10:40 and there was already a line of about 15 people deep.  I grabbed a seat on the bench in the shade and waited patiently until they opened.  During this time, one of the owners/employees was showing the smoker to some folks and handing out bottled water and directing traffic all at the same time.  Good man!  They opened the doors right at 11 and everyone got excited!  Right around 11:30, I was in the door and ready to order.  I got up to the counter and was handed some fatty brisket chunks (burnt ends). Melt in your mouth tender!  It was a great sample!  I then placed my order.  I ordered one beef rib, 2 pork ribs, 1/4lb of fatty brisket and a sausage.  The guy busts out this rack of 3 beef ribs.  He asks me which one I want and I tell him to pick.  He cuts me the center rib!  He then slices up my brisket, ribs and sausage.  They weigh everything out, put it on butcher paper on a tray, you pay and then go eat. My total was $37.00.  A tad steep for one person for one meal but it was totally worth it.  Next time I would order things different, but this time I had no regrets.   Here are how the meats stacked up.....................................

Fatty Brisket-($18.00 lb)  Whenever I eat brisket, I am never too impressed.  It always tastes like pot roast and is just ok.  You know why that is?  Because I have continually tried shitty brisket.  This brisket here at Little Miss BBQ is PROPER brisket and is exactly how brisket SHOULD taste!  I loved it!  You could see the smoke ring, the honeycomb pattern, the nice thick bark etc.  These slices of brisket were beautiful to look at and a pleasure to eat.  I wish I had ordered more of it.  It was melt in your mouth tender.  It was SO DAMN GOOD!

Beef Rib- ($18.95 lb)  This thing was a beast!  He cut me off the center rib and it weighed something like 1.3lbs!  That is why my meal was so expensive.  This rib alone was probably close to $25.00.  This thing was so huge, it was scary.  This rib was fatty, rich and decadent.  I just kept pulling it apart with my fingers and digging in.  They are only available on Friday and Saturdays.  I probably would not get one again though just because of the cost factor.  I would rather have a pound and and a half of brisket rather that one beef rib.  Don't get me wrong, the thing was amazing, but for $20-25, I would rather get some of their other delicious meats.

Pork Ribs- ($16.00 lb..I think?)  I got 2 of these.  They are St. Louis style ribs.  Smoked perfect, seasoned well.  I have had better pork ribs, but these were still killer and I would definitely get them again.  The meat came off with a little tug and it was chewy yet tender at the same time.  

Sausage- ($3.75 a link)  The sausage was fantastic!  It was a coarser grind than most sausages I am used to but it worked.  It had a little spice to it and a lot of garlic/onion taste.  The texture in your mouth was fantastic and I loved every bite of it.  I would definitely get it again!

This BBQ was so damned good!  By far the best brisket I have ever had, the beef rib was awesome, the pork ribs were delicious and the sausage was great too!  No complaints at all!  The only thing that will keep me away are the lines.  Get there early, or be prepared to wait for a long long time!  Even if you have to wait, it is still totally worth it.  You can't get much better BBQ than this!"
New to the Phoenix area and came here with some friends. The fatty brisket was amazing as were jalepeno cheese grits. Long lines but worth it!
Food is great! Waiting in line for 1-2 hours sucks. The online ordering service was not a good experience.
"After hearing so much about Little Miss BBQ, when a group of people I know decided to go, I just couldn't pass up the opportunity. I will say there were some great things & some not so good things about this place.

I'll start with the not so good things. Firstly - parking. Yes. Like many others have mentioned, the lot is very small. I got to the restaurant at 10:30am & there were only 2 spots remaining. I definitely felt like a lucky one because there were multiple people waiting for a spot afterwards. Secondly - the wait time. I got there half an hour before the restaurant opened & even then the line was already long. I got to the front and got food at 12:10pm.

Now, let's move on to the great things. The people who work there are really nice. The first person I saw at the counter when we walked in was the owner. He was really friendly & helpful, handed out little samples of meat as we waited for our turn. I liked that they do everything by weight. Initially, I was pretty sold on getting either a BBQ pulled pork sandwich or a BBQ turkey sandwich (even though the first thing a friend said to me when I suggested that was, how do you think to get turkey at a brisket place?). Well he was right. What was I thinking? My mind changed very quickly when I was handed a small piece of brisket to taste; I ended up getting the brisket sandwich with a side of grits & a pecan pie.

I enjoyed the brisket, especially with the house BBQ sauce. It was so deliciously delicious there are no words to describe it. The meat was tender & juicy. There was some fatty brisket & lean brisket mixed & put on there - I might ask for just a little bit less of the fatty brisket next time ... However, yes. I wanted another sandwich when I was finished. The grits were a perfect compliment - a little bit spicy with the jalapeños & just deliciously creamy. I also wanted more of those. Heh. Just a note that even the pickles that came with meal were the ""right kind"" IMO - the hamburger pickles, none of that sweet pickle stuff. Lastly, the pecan pie was good, a little bit too sugary for my taste so I probably won't get it again.

I paid $16 and some change for my meal. I think that it was pretty expensive. No doubt that the food was good .. 1.5 hour wait & $16 good? Hmm."
"This is the best BBQ I have had in Phoenix. Get there early, stand in line, get your meat, eat your meat, happy tummy.  The brisket is delish, the pulled pork a-ok and the turkey isn't too shabby either.  I'm low carbing, so I stay away from the side dishes.  My hubs has tried a few of them, but the meat is the star of the show.   Try the gold BBQ sauce if you like a sauce that's a little tangy and not too sweet.  The staff is super friendly, handing out samples and working like a great team.  The owner is often there cutting and dishing meat, and willing to share some BBQ and smoker tips.  Just a bonus that their logo is retro and super cute too.  Getting hungry just thinking about it!"
"WOW! This place is just amazing. The brisket is where they truly exceed, but all of their offerings are delicious. The brisket, though. Holy shnikes. Tender. Moist. Just enough smoke and seasoning. This stuff does not need sauce, at all. Their sausage is a work in progress, but was pretty good considering they are still changing it and improving.

Beware! This place sells out pretty fast, but seems a little slower on Saturdays. I went around noon and was able to have my pick of the place before it started picking up. 

I can't wait to go again...maybe Saturday!"
"The pros: the food is always good, really consistent. The cons: the wait time is usually 30-40 minutes.  We live far so we come here once in a while. Haven't try the beef ribs yet, but it's next on our list of things to try"
Little Miss can't be wrong. Being a Kansas City native you miss the Hickory. But I have come to find that this is apples and oranges and both delicious.
This is one more great joint in this area. Mouthwatering and delicious turkey sandwich. I loved every bit of it. Must try!
"If you enjoy fantastic BBQ done the right way, then look no further than Little Miss BBQ! My fiancé and I came in for lunch, and were excited based on the previous Yelp reviews... Everyone was right. I ordered a two meat plate with the brisket and pork ribs. The brisket had the most intense bark I have ever tasted. It had a great smokey flavor with more juice than a man can handle. The pork ribs are equally delightful.

My finance also ordered some pulled pork which was some divine swine. The sides were equally on point with jalepeneo cheddar grits, baked beans with tons of meat, and potato salad lightly dressed to perfection. If you want to try the sauce you will continue to be impressed. All three offerings are delicious with the spicy being my favorite!

I will be back and I hope the rest of you stay away for my own selfish, brisket eating needs. 5 stars with an emphatic yes, yes, yes!"
"Not bad by any means, but absolutely WAY overrated.  Had brisket and ribs.  Both were somewhat lacking in flavor. The meat should stand on its own without drowning it in sauce.  I do a lot of BBQ at home and this would not be an acceptable meal coming from my smoker.  That being said, it is better than many of the chains and lower end BBQ joints like Joe's BBQ.  Price point is what would be expected.  Small seating area that was kept clean and well maintained.  Friendly staff.  Overall though... just average."
"Probably the best BBQ I've ever had in my life.
Absolutely lives up to the hype.
It's a disservice to yourself to miss out on this place.
Go. Go now."
"Like everyone has said before me, this place is amazing. The best BBQ hands down. I first visited a few weeks ago and have returned every Friday. I've been able to sample everything on the menu. Everything cooked perfectly and has the right amount of smoke. The owner is very personal and thankful for his following. 

They have recently started a new thing  where the owner's father (who is also on parking lot duty) puts on a tour at 1010. He gives history about the business, fields some questions, and gives out samples."
"Some of the best BBQ I've ever had!  
The pulled pork is amazing. Brisket to
Kill for, and the smoked pecan pie will
Make you slap your momma!  

Go early! Get extra! Try the sauces!  

You'll thank me later."
"Wow.

Just...WOW.I have been meaning to go here, but each time I try they are too busy or almost sold out. My teammate and I stopped by and were in heaven at about 1:30 in the afternoon...read on

~Fud~
I had the Smoked Turkey. It was the best turkey I have ever had. They smoke their turkey for hours, and make this option available to someone like me who is simply not too keen for the traditional BBQ dishes places like this produce. The Turkey came dry with a basic rub it went into the oven with, and two sides. I chose Cheese grits and some coleslaw. The cheese grits are to die for, you have to try them next time you get a plate folks.

The rest of the menu is equally amazing. The brisket which my teammate had was juicy, and her sides also complemented the dish. The prices were not too radical either, given the time and effort they went into making everything. Everything is made from scratch...EVERYTHING.

~Ambiance/Service~
A small eating area is available to most who want to chow down and hang. It gets hot in here quickly, with the sun and airflow not helping much. It doesn't matter, its a fun little spot to kick it and enjoy killer BBQ. The staff was so kind and helpful, coming up to myself and my coworker to ensure we were happy...they apologized like 4 times about the lack of options, since they were near sold out. We got everything we wanted and more, amazing service.

~Extraz/Rating~
Try the turkey folks. It was juicy, barely any fat and it mixes so well with the sides they offer. The staff is down to like....about 6 people it looks like. Thats right, they literally have less than 10 employees I think. The menu changes daily, and they do cater, ask for a card if you want them to help you out. Also, they have an item on the menu called The Jefe. Not really anything else to point out, just thought I would mention they have a special, and it is properly named and spelled correct. Sploosh

5 stars. 3 stars for the Best BBQ I have had out here, one star for the cheese grits, and another for kick ass service.. Truly a small operation that is all hand crafted..Come here and enjoy a new tradition in South Phoenix/Tempe-land!"
"What isn't good about this place? 
Here is a list of the best they have to offer:

1. Family style service. Everyone there is somehow connected to the other, the family is invested to be part of this business! The FIL even took time to show us around the place, seeing the smokers, the meat, and give us an inside schoop on the place!

2. First time? Get a hand on what you're ordering when they give you a taste of what you could be getting!

3. Both of their smokers are locally made. That's right, it's actually a gas tank and works great!

4. The meat doesn't need a knife to be eaten. Everything is carefully watched and timed so that your meat is done right the first time. Forks are optional.

5. Need Sauce-options? There's two-three sauces house-made to choose from on each table. It's OK to share if your neighbor runs out, they'll bring you more. 

6. Seating is limited at the right times. You know that it's good when you have to stand to eat. Each day there could be 20 people standing in line to order, walking out with their meals in hand, and you're only really in a pickle if they run out of meat that day because everyone got there before you. Good thing, they'll be open tomorrow. 

7. You come hungry and leave a glutton. The portions are amazing. Two people could eat one plate easily, but then you'd have to share that savory goodness with someone else and that might be a deal-breaker.

8. Can't seem to shake the need to sweeten the savory meal? No worries, they've got you covered with their homemade Pecan pie. Or if you're trying to avoid the nuts, they serve up local soda or pop to refresh your palate. 

Enjoy the savory goodness of Southern sass and BBQ class!"
"Lives up to the hype. 

You can't go here on a whim.  You have to plan to dedicate at least 2 hours.  We got there five minutes till 11am on a Friday and the line was already an hour long.  

They play old school country music and have the water misters going.  So it's a fun wait.  And once you see people coming out with their trays of food and pass by the smokers it starts to get even more exciting.  

Along the way you will see markers telling you how many feet left till the counter and how long the estimated time is till you get there. 

At some point you pass some stones and if you can stack 13 high you get a free pecan pie! 

We ordered the fatty brisket, pork ribs, pulled pork, ranch beans, jalapeño grits and pecan pie. 

Is it the best BBQ in the area?  Mmmm, I don't know.  It's insanely good that's for sure and the whole process and atmosphere really make it an experience.  I personally found the brisket a little too salty, but no one else in my group felt that way.  I prefer the brisket at ""Bobby-Q.""

The smoked pecan pie was hands down the best pecan pie I've ever had.  I went back and bought 3 more."
This is the best BBQ I've had in AZ so far! I'm from Texas and it's near impossible to find quality BBQ here but this place makes me feel like home! The service was amazing and they are very friendly. I will be coming back as a regular now and the pecan pie is what you have to end your meal with.
"Come at least 30 minutes before it opens. Seriously. Risk it for the brisket.

The owners are from Austin, and their BBQ speaks for itself...in a Texan accent."
"A little slice of heaven. First of all, this is the best BBQ'd meat I've ever had and I've tasted a lot from NC, KC, TX, and Chicago and everywhere in between. Their fatty brisket is my favorite but the pastrami (only on Thursdays), pork, sausage, ribs, and even turkey are outstanding. 

Because the food is so good you will find that they will frequently run out of some things (or everything) before their 4pm closing time. I suggest going before 2pm. Expect to wait in line and because the indoor seating is limited you might have to sit at an outdoor picnic table. However, the tables are under a tent and they have misters going on hot summer days. 

I can't say enough about the food and staff. This is one of my favorite places to go in the Phoenix area. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
"When it comes to Little Miss BBQ the hype is very real. This is THE best BBQ in Arizona. I had the Brisket, Short Ribs, and the beans. Holy Sh*t it was incredible!!

I have only one complaint... The time you wait in line is torturous. 
I went on a Saturday and was standing in line for 2 hours. I kept saying ""This better be the best BBQ ever made"".... Luckily it was, but still. Please move to a bigger location and hire another employee. There is only one guy dishing out the meat.

4 stars only because the line sucks. I have dreams about those short ribs!"
"I cannot get Little Miss BBQ out of my mind. It has been almost 8 months since I was in Phoenix and I still salivate over thoughts of their beef ribs and pulled pork!  A little background info: I grew up in Alabama and Big Bob Gibson BBQ was just a mile away from the house. I go there every time I visit home. Everywhere I go (in the US) I look for good BBQ joints and I have been to quite a few well known places, Charlie Vergo's and Central BBQ Memphis, Franklin BBQ Austin, etc.... But I keep dreaming about the Beef Ribs at Little Miss BBQ! Next time I am in Phoenix you will find me standing in line to get Beef ribs, Brisket and Pulled Pork!"
"One word,WOW! Hands down best BBQ i have had in my life, yes even better than the few authentic Texas BBQ places i've been to in Dallas and Houston. Came back a few hours later after the lunch rush and had some great BBQ, only drawback was that some of the selection was already out for the day.  Get there early or  just wait in the line, limited seating inside but they have a large covered outdoor seating area.  Also, parking can be a limited during peak lunch hours. Just try it, you'll see."
"Tried this little spot out once, yup, that's all it took, I'm hooked now. I don't even mind waiting.. As soon as the line starts to move in your favor and you enter the doorway, you are greeted with a sample of what will prove to be the tastiest meat you have ever put in your mouth.. The fatty brisket.. It's because that is what's always on the cutting board due to its popularity, so the owner happily hands out samples, feels like my first time, every time.  The smokiness of all the meats is amazing, the moistness is on fleek and I wouldn't want it any other way. While your there might as well grab a smoked sausage or some ribs too, all served with 3 sauces you can load up on if need be, and some bread. Whatever you do, don't forget to try the jalapeño cheddar grits, they compliment any craving for BBQ.  At least I think they are jalapeño cheddar, I don't know, I just eat them.  Disclaimer: I went one day after returning from Austin, Texas.. and this place sill wowed me."
"This is the best BBQ I have ever had. Every meat I tried was the best version of it that I have ever tasted. 

Each trip to little miss sets me back $150+ because I need to stuff myself while I'm there, and bring home more to continue to stuff myself all night and the next day. 

The line is absurd - expect an hour+ for the wait. And get there early because they run out of food quickly. 

Worth the money - absolutely 
Worth the wait - absolutely 

It's the best food in Phoenix"
"I was in Phoenix for a business trip and I wanted to see how the BBQ was like there. This is the best BBQ I've had after Franklin's in Austin Texas. I asked the owners if they knew about Franklin's and the people who owned Little Miss BBQ are from Austin too!!! The line was only 20 minutes compared to Franklin's 5 hour wait. The fatty brisket is to die for!!! We ordered 5 pounds and took it with us when we drove to the Grand Canyon! Honestly after 2 days the food still taste so good!! Ordering extra food was the smartest idea because at the Grand Canyon their best restaurant was Wendy's.... what a joke.

IF YOU WANT GOOD BBQ YOU MUST GO HERE. DO NOT GO ANYWHERE ELSE!!"
"I will say this. Not a huge fan of brisket. This place had best fatty brisket I have ever eaten so far. The BBQ here is great. The long lines are insane. Best advice get in line at 930am, wait for 1.5 till they open at 11am and enjoy. I HATE giving 5 star reviews by the way but I have to. Downside is long lines and the price, BBQ is ridiculously expensive. Would I do it again no. Just because lines are too long. If i lived here maybe.(from NC) - bottom line BBQ here is top notch."
"Third time having Little Miss BBQ today and best experience to date!  Wonderful staff - directing parking, giving out water while in line, handing out sausage samples in line, everyone was super nice and treats you like they know you.  We even received some burnt end samples while our meat was being cut.  The fatty brisket is awesome - super tender and flavorful - the best!  I had the ribs and they fell off the bone but I like a little more smoke, but again very good.  My wife had a pulled pork sandwich and loved it, did complain a little about some fat in the meat, but anyone who barbecues knows this happens.  I will leave you with the grits - exceptional - cheesy with some jalapeno.  

I see some other reviews with complaints - I will say, its tough waiting in line in 100+ degree temps, but Little Miss does all they can to make it tolerable.  We did wait about 45 minutes to get to the counter - got there 15 min prior to opening and stepped up to the counter around 11:30am.  They shade the line and run misters to help fit the heat.  However, its worth the wait but waiting in the winter may be a bit more pleasant."
"Up until a few years ago, my attitude towards meat was ""take it or leave it"". Many times I still feel like this, because some cooks just don't do meat justice. This cannot be said for Little Miss BBQ.

After eating here-especially the fatty brisket-I'll never think of meat as ""take it or leave it"" again. Simply outstanding. So wonderful to see an operation run with passion, quality, attention to detail, and enthusiastic employees. The crowd speaks for itself, truly. 

I also tried the lean brisket, pulled pork, pork ribs, sausage, and beef ribs, which I don't think they always have. All were delicious. The fatty brisket and beef ribs were my favorites-and I'm usually a pork person (I've just never had beef that tasted like this!). For a side I had the beans and those are also great-they have pork pieces in them. 

One thing I am not a fan of is their sauces. They're actually a bit sweet and lacking in interesting flavor for my liking. But, the meat is so good it's almost a sin to put sauce on it-in fact, I'm positive that saucing the fatty brisket is downright wrong. 

All in all, you will not be disappointed. Even if you aren't usually impressed by meat, you will be here."
"We were here back in March (2015).  If I could give it 10 stars, I would.  My boyfriend LOVES BBQ and Little Miss definitely lived up to its reviews and expectations.  It was blazing hot when we were waiting in line (for about 45 mins, during lunch) and we were offered cold bottled water which was nice and were able to chat with some nice people in the line.  The ribs and brisket were our favorite! Just ask for a little sample and they will let you taste before you order.  Enjoy!"
"OMG. The BEST ribs ever! The people that work here are funny and have a sense of humor. And the food is amazing. They know their stuff. I only stayed here for two days in Arizona and both days had to have Little Miss BBQ. BBQ so memorable, this will be your top #1."
"My 1st yelp review ever.  The food at Little Miss BBQ has prompted me to sit down and write a quick review of this delicious food.

What an absolute taste sensation!  The fatty brisket is the best I have ever eaten.  That is not to take away from any of the other foods I was able to eat from here today.  We were served many selections from a take-out event at work.  I was able to sample turkey, pulled pork, brisket, grits, beans, ribs, sausage, cole slaw.  EVERY ITEM was delicious.

I can't say enough good things about this food.  EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT!"
Best barbecue ever! AMAZING place! Ive tried everything have not been disappointed. Staff is awesome. Food is flavorful tender and juicy the jalapeño cheese grits the best. Pecan pie cant get enough. Thanks Little Miss.
"Best BBQ in town! I mean this place has 5 stars with over 1000 reviews for a reason. I'm not even the biggest fan of BBQ food but I am def a fan of BBQ now. Def recommend this place. Try not to go too close to closing because the good stuff might be gone. I can eat here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner"
"I was never a fan of brisket until I tasted what Little Miss BBQ had to offer. Now I'm hooked, but I'll only get my brisket from them. The taste was mouth watering deliciousness. I can wait to see what else the have to offer. I say this only because everything was sold out except the brisket. But I'm glad I tried it."
"If eating the best BBQ in Phoenix is on your bucket list, you must visit Little Miss BBQ. My best analogy is professional sports. We all love watching the best athletes in the world perform. Yet despite their amazing talent, there will always be a small elite group of pro athletes who stand head and shoulders above the rest. The hall of famers. So you can find dozens of BBQ restaurants in Phoenix. Some are fairly good. Little Miss BBQ is alone, as the premier BBQ establishment in the valley. They are the standard by which the others will be judged. My wife and I have been lucky enough to have visited a dozen award winning BBQ restaurants in Central Texas. Coopers in Llano stood out the most. They serve perfectly slow cooked and smoked brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs, sausage, and turkey. Scott, Bekke, and Travis have been competing in BBQ competitions over the years in order to learn the secrets of creating perfect BBQ. They have succeeded and opened Little Miss BBQ in order to share their love and passion for BBQ. My wife and I drive down from Flagstaff just to indulge ourselves in their brisket and ribs. For me, Scott's beef ribs, which he serves on Friday and Saturday only, are my favorite. Nobody in Arizona has been able to prepare beef short ribs like he has. My wife is addicted to their brisket and we buy an extra pound to take home and enjoy for a couple days. Bring your friends, bring your family. You will be talking about the experience for years. We are so happy we don't have to drive to Texas again, to experience perfectly prepared BBQ. The Mecca for BBQ in the southwest is Little Miss BBQ. See you there."
The best meat I have ever had. I am not even a brisket person but the fatty brisket is out of this world. The pecan pie is also very good. I recommend arriving around 10am to wait for a bit before they open to make sure they dont sell out before it's your turn.
Tried little miss bbq today and have to say it wasn't too bad. The three stars is for the over an hour wait to get to order. I arrived just about 10:50am and there was a line out the door with about 40 people ahead of us. The food was a little bland for how great the smoke from the smokers smelled. I like the smoky flavor of bbq and don't like to add bbq sauce for the flavor. It was awesome though that one of the guys who serves people jumped out of line to see what I thought. He mentioned that the flavoring was a little off on the sausage which makes sense cause it was very bland. He said that they were going to be making a spicy sausage but never stated when. Overall this bbq blows away other places that claim to make bbq. Being a Texan I've had my fair share of bbq and know when I'm getting meat and when I am getting bbq. The price was not bad but the wait was not worth visiting again. If they ever expand where there is not traffic on the road and where you don't have to stand for an hour then I may be back but I don't see that happening.
"Love Little Miss BBQ!!  This is the smoky, tender, fatty goodness of my dreams.  I have eaten in and taken it home in massive quantities and either way it's amazing.  2 pork ribs is enough to fill up a linebacker, add some beans loaded with meat, some slaw and white bread to soak up the juice.  In addition to the ribs we've had brisket and turkey, they ran out of the beef belly just as I got through the door but it didn't matter since nothing here disappoints.  

I thought I'd get there when they open to avoid the crowds...wrong, that's when it's most crowded with BBQ addicts.  Later in the day wasn't so bad but perhaps you risk not getting what you want.  Follow them on FB and you'll know when they are ""sold out"" each day."
"Good and better...

There is really only two kinds of BBQ - good and better. The line outside says it all. This place is of the better category.


Near the airport nestled in the warehouse business district of Tempe you can easily pass it up. There is a small parking lot, outside picnic tables, a long line and a super friendly parking lot guy.

They have great BBQ. The fatty brisket is perhaps the best I've ever had, they also have pastrami, sausage they make themselves, pulled pork, and ribs. The ribs are good but the brisket is my recommendation along with the house sauce which is sweet with a little kick - perfect compliment to the rub. They also have a mustard sauce. As sides I recommend their jalapeño grits, beans and chunky potato salad. They also have cole slaw.

Make sure you get there before 1 because they start to run out of fatty brisket around then. I also heard that they do beef ribs on Fridays. Maybe my next visit to PHX.

All the staff there are super friendly as well!

They are doing great business because they are that good - and they know it. Highly recommended."
"My husband and I are both from Texas, he is actually from the Austin area, so I believe we have a pretty good idea about what great Texas BBQ is. Great Texas BBQ is usually smoked with pecan but other woods are used too. Brisket should have fat for flavor but not too much. It should be moist with a smoke ring. It should also hold its shape when slicing but be fork tender when eating. Great Texas BBQ should not require BBQ sauce, is should be served on the side to add as you desire.

With that said, I was able to have the pleasure of eating at Little Miss BBQ recently, and it is true Texas BBQ. It met all the criteria above and it is all that former yelpers have said. Moist juicy brisket, delicious juicy ribs, turkey and sausage. I have not tried the pastrami yet. Everyone should try this place at least once for the food and experience. The line does form early, so get there early. It is a little pricey in my opinion but there is nothing wrong with supporting a local Mom and Pop place. The owner was super friendly with great customer service. And I love that his Dad is the parking attendant. Too cute!

The one thing I want Arizonians to know is that this is not, in my opinion the only place that does great Texas BBQ. Both Rudy's and Dickie's are Texas chains that do Texas BBQ equally well, as does Joe's real BBQ in Gilbert. Try the wet brisket at Rudy's and you will not be disappointed.  Joe's is a local Mom and Pop run place too. Cool atmosphere, lots of picnic tables inside and out and the best part, a huge John Deere tracker in the middle of the restaurant. I believe one of the original founders worked for American Airlines, which is based out of Dallas, wanted to bring Texas style BBQ to Arizona and that is how Joe's came about. All of these restaurants have great Texas BBQ, without the wait, sometimes a long line but they move quickly and in my opinion are a little less money than Little Miss BBQ.

Overall, I am grateful that Little Miss BBQ is also in the valley too, so that many Arizonians can enjoy Texas BBQ, no matter what part of the valley they live in."
"My parents are very big bbq fans and they love this place.
For me, the sauce is a little more tangy than my preference. But the ribs, pork, and brisket have great texture.
Sometimes the lines can be very long but they seem to move fairly quickly do eve when the line looks long, it still seems to take less than 20 mins to get food."
Food is pretty good! Ribs fell off the bone but weren't super flavorful and had quite a bit of fat. The turkey was really good.
"I have only had little miss BBq as leftovers.  The food is the best BBQ I have had in az, Texas Tennessee, and North Carolina.  The brisket was the most moist I have ever had it.  The sausage has bold smokey flavors and is also one of the best sausages I have had. The pulled pork was really good and I am not the biggest fan of pulled pork.  Lastly, the bbq sauce is top notch, don't leave without it!"
"I arrived at 1:45 PM and missed out on the sliced  brisket, turkey and short ribs, but the chopped brisket and sausage were delicious.  I plan to go back tomorrow for the short ribs.  The customer services was amazing!  A handsome gentlemen assisted with the parking and a cold beverage while we waited in line, the chef came out to announce what they were running short on, we had a good conversation on sports while having a ""delicious"" smoked pecan pie that was cooked to perfection.  This is a place that you must visit when in Phoenix!"
"The Brisket Rocks!!! I ordered several pounds of meat for a work party and the meats were just melt in your mouth. Everyone couldn't believe how good the brisket and pulled pork was. I ordered ahead of time and you are assigned a specific pick up time. The service was great and speedy. The only knock against the place is that the sides aren't the greatest, just ok."
"Absolutely superb!!!!  Delicious!!!!  There is nothing at this place that does not taste amazing!!  The meats are juicey tastey and filling. If you want your choice of all the meats, go early. They sell out of meats by 12:30. But even the ""leftovers"" are way better than anything you will have.  The line moves fast and if it doesn't, it's well worth the wait!  What more can I say? This place is  THE BEST BBQ IN THE USA!!!!"
"Holy S***! Best bbq I've had and I've had Kansas City bbq. I thought nothing would top that until I tried little miss bbq. Get there early, I got there 30min before open and was able to get the last parking spot in the lot. They do have additional parking offsite. There was at least 30 people in line when I arrived. I got my order 45min after opening. Get the brisket and pecan pie!!!"
"Tried it but had to give it overall 3 stars here's why, lets start with negatives. 1. Pull pork is not what I expected, not enough smoke & it tastes like corn beef (probably good during St. Patty's after couple of beers) yes it's that bad lol!. 2. The ranch style beans I had, had to much shredded meat in it, like where's the beans huh? 3. Coleslaw was too dry. 4. No fresh brewed ice tea! & $2 bottle water! 5. Beef ribs is only served on Fridays & Saturdays. Onto the positives. 1. Sausage had a excellent TX taste. 2. Beef brisket was mouth watering even the leanest part wasn't dry like other places, a true TX taste!. 3. Pecan Pie was good. I suggest avoiding the pull pork. Haven't try the Beef ribs which I'm sure is tasty based off them smoked beef brisket I had. More to come...."
"Truly THE most ridiculous experience I've had waiting for food. This place is 5 star BBQ, but I had to dock a star for the lengths you have to go to in order to get it!! My bf and I came here during our trip to Phoenix because you have to try a BBQ place that has 5 stars and over 1,000+ reviews. You just have to. 

We got to Little Miss BBQ 10 minutes before they opened at 10:50am on a Saturday, and there was already a massive line of people. We ended up waiting 2.5 hours in the 107 degree heat in a barely moving line only for all the fatty brisket to be gone already.

** Note: People order large quantities of meat here, so there is a huge chance that the meat you want could be bought out before you reach the front of the line because someone decided to order 10 lbs of it. ** 

We ordered the: 
+ Lean Brisket (1 lb for $20): BOMB. I personally prefer lean meat over fatty. It was so unbelievably well-cooked, tender, and flavorful. Truly the best brisket I've ever had.

+ Beef Rib: AMAZING!! Liked this a lot better than the Pork Rib. Thought it was more tender, juicy, and flavor. It practically fell off the bone. :')

+ Pork Rib Plate with Cole Slaw and Mashed Potatoes ($13.95): Good but wasn't as amazing as the Beef Rib. 

Overall, the BBQ was delicious, but the atmosphere and overall experience aren't impressive. It's a tiny little shop with its own parking lot near the airport. Doesn't feel too clean or well taken care of. Definitely not a place you go to have an experience - just to wait a long time to eat crazy delicious food."
"All I have to say is the fatty brisket is life changing and so delicious. It melts in your mouth, so tender and moist like nothing I've ever had before. I crave it all the time. The two hour wait was well worth it!"
"Ignore the wait. Ignore the fact they sell out of food. Ignore the short hours. This place is worth every second in line, it is worth chancing that what you want is sold out. It is worth hanging out at to get BBQ this good.

Free samples? Check.
Free smells? Check.
Extremely friendly owners and staff? Check.
Value? Check.

We both got the Jefe. SO F'N GOOD. The brisket mixed with sausage hit the spot, and the slaw was some of the best. Reminded us of our own home made slaw, which we prefer over most places... so of course we loved it.

I also managed to try my friends ribs, they were delicious. Moist and meaty. Perfectly seasoned.

The beans were sold out, I was looking forward to those. The grits were very good, but the potato salad was REALLY good. This isn't some store bought slop, it is tasty & chunky home-made salad and it is delicious.

I wouldn't stand in line every hot day (they at least had shade... and when it wasn't enough, pulled out another tent and added more), but this needs to be a place I go to regularly. I will absolutely be back to try more."
"Best BBQ in Arizona and is as good or better than the best places I have been to in Texas and Tennessee. Everyone who works here is friendly and knowledgeable. Yes the line is long and slow but take it as a positive to spend some quality time with your friends.

Grant's BBQ tips:
Due to the long wait, we ordered extra sausage and meat to go and made meals the next couple of days
  - BBQ Sausage and Fried Eggs for breakfast the next day
  - Diced brisket nachos - oven baked for during the football game
  - Brisket hash (for breakfast) including shredded hash-browns, cut up brisket, finished by poaching some eggs in the hash and topped with hollandaise sauce (you will thank me)."
"I wish I could give 4 stars.  I NEVER EVER, EVER give five stars.  Perfection is a pursuit and not an achievement.  If only the misting nozzles didn't work on  105 degree day, and  the people in line were obnoxious.  If only the service inside was marginal or even a bit surly.  If only the beans were underdone and I hated the rub they used on their brisket.  If only they had Pepsi (barf) instead of Coca-Cola (ambrosia) and the coleslaw was really crappy.  

I don't give 5 stars for the owner's dad offering me a parking place.  But he did.  I won't do it for pecan pie that I save half of to share it with my wife, later.  I won't do it for sitting on a picnic bench after waiting for more than 45 minutes in line.  I DID!

This review is very frustrating!  I am going to stop now, load up the family in the 'Truckster' and drive 4 hours across the deserted so we can stand in line and have their brisket, ribs, and all the fixin's.  5 stars well deserved!  Thanks Scott!  It was great to meet you!"
"Can't say anything that hasn't been already said so I'll just say make sure you give yourself enough time and try these guys out,  don't let the lines discourage you,  I've made plenty of new friends during my wait lol, nothing like good ole personal interaction from hungry strangers and thankful business owners. 

I came get twice in 2 weeks and they remembered me, I felt like a pig so I haven't been back lol but MANNNNN if that brisket hasn't called my name a time or two. I'm waiting on family to come into town so they'll give me a reason to go back. 

See you guys soon"
"Fantastic barbecue brisket,  sauces,  and potato salad. I'm from Texas and this is just like what you find in central Texas."
"What can I say that hasn't already been said about Little Miss BBQ except that the Master Chef is my nephew, and my brother manages the parking lot. The Master Chef is a perfectionist when it comes to the quality and smoking of the meat, the delivery of the food to the customers, and the genuine customer service given to all the customers who visit Little Miss BBQ from far and wide. You might question their need for a Parking Lot Manager, but believe me, there is always a line of customers who are picking up food or eating on the premises, and my brother does a great job of directing traffic while the rush is on!  A covered shelter is provided with clean picnic tables and bottles of cold water offered while you wait in line. 

About the food.... The smoked meat is beyond compare....beef brisket, beef ribs, pork ribs, turkey, and their homemade sausage are winners!  Sides include beans, cole slaw, potato salad, cheesy jalapeño grits, and even white bread should you so desire. There are three homemade sauces for the meat, all of which are delicious!  There was mention of some famous pecan pie, and I know it's delicious too!  But the meat, man, the meat is out of this world!

Living in California doesn't allow me to eat here too often, but I will be back, as soon as I can!

It takes a lot of work to be consistent in quality and service, and keeping the wood burning and the temperature right is a feat in itself. Hats Off Little Miss BBQ!  You got it going on!"
"After going to multiple BBQ places, I'm thrilled to announce that I have finally found THE best BBQ in the phoenix area! I've tried several different restaurants yet they all don't even come close to what this place has to offer! I was surprised about the long line wrapped outside the door, it made me anxious & excited to grab my first plate. The owner was kind enough to come outside and let us know what was still available and what had been sold out. I enjoy fresh food so I consider it a great thing to know that the demand is so high for such deliciousness! 

I was able to grab a plate full of brisket, jalapeno grits, beans, and a side of pecan pie! It's tough to find great quality places that keep it simple yet keep their customers coming back! I can't wait to have enjoy my next plate from Little Miss BBQ !"
"I'm from So Cal where we have good BBQ and I consider myself a BBQ aficionado. I ordered over $400 worth of Q this morning for a team luncheon and you should have seen the faces of these guys and gals when I walked in...jaws dropped! I've tasted some of the greatest BBQ, Myron Nixon, Mike Mills, Ed Mitchell...some of the legendary pit masters! This joint is right up there with the best. All I have to say is when you're in Phoenix, this is the place!  Order the pecan pie too!"
"Get ready to wait in line for some of the best bbq you've ever eaten! A bbq master in Arizona! This is top 3 places of bbq I've ever eaten! The line always builds up quick. The team members walk around the line greeting people and passing out complimentary water. They've got a bunch of smokers outside. Upon entering inside the door. You watch them cut the meat. My favorites are the fatty brisket and the beef rib. Both melt in your mouth items. It's a magical experience of eating. BBQ can really be this good? YES! The baked beans are also very good along with the jalapeno cheese grits. Make sure to order a sausage link as well. Service here is amazing at the same time. A winning experience. This should be your first visit when you go to Phoenix. 

Recommendation: Fatty brisket, beef rib, jalapeno cheese grits, and baked beans"
"After all the hype on Yelp for this place I had high expectations. I am also not a huge fan of BBQ. But my work recently changed locations to just down the street so I am actually able to make it here in time before they close now. 

I went in the middle of the week around 3ish and it was pretty quiet. The staff here are super friendly and seem to really like their jobs. The made some suggestions on what I should try my first visit and were very patient with me. The food is unbelievable!  I'm not even big into BBQ and I was back the next day to bring home smoked pecan pie. Whatever you get here plan to be pleased.  I can't wait to share this place with my friends and family."
"I'm only here to give the place some love.  Gotta say, best fatty brisket I've ever had.  Great selection of sauces and the staff is super cool too."
"Good enough to convert vegetarians and vegans back into meat eaters!

Their Pastrami might be the best food ive ever eaten and the fatty Brisket is AMAZING.

The line takes a while so plan ahead to wait it out, it will be worth it!"
"The amount of pure passion the LMB family has for their food is infectious! You feel it in every part of the experience from the complimentary water while you wait in line, to the free samples of their SPECTACULAR sausage, and the personalized experience the every single person that comes to share in their food is privy to. The food is amazing - no doubt the best BBQ I've had to date - but the experience makes it just that much sweeter when you bite into their smoked turkey or chomp down on their jalapeño grits! I've had every meat on the menu and can't wait to come back for more! Today is my birthday and my husband knew just where to take me - Little Miss BBQ or bust!!!"
"Finally, ""REAL"" Texas BBQ has come to the Valley.  As a certified BBQ judge with KCBS I am very particular about my BBQ.  This is the must stop place!  Do not leave without ordering the brisket.  The brisket was moist with bark that was packed with flavor and just the right amount of smoke.  No sauce needed!  Ribs are the best in town.  Can't wait to get back to do the beef ribs on a Friday or Saturday, but if they are anything like the ones they served down at the Farmer's Market, it will be my favorite of the bunch."
Neat little place. Brisket and Grits were amazing! Just be prepared to wait but it's worth it.
"The Best BBQ in Arizona, maybe the best in the country.  The brisket is amazing and the Turkey is surprisingly moist and not what you would think. They care about what they are doing and only do quality BBQ."
"A carnivores paradise!!  Took an extra long lunch break to give this place a shot and let me tell you it was well worth it!!  I had the two meat plate with Brisket, Pork Ribs and sides of jalapeño grits and Beans.  The Brisket was simply amazing and the words could not do it justice.  Trust me when I say you just need to try it for yourself!!"
YUM!  We found Little Miss barbecue on the Yelp app. Did not disappoint! We even arrived as they were closing just before 4 p.m. The food was outstanding. Staff the super friendly!   My husband and I can't wait to go back!
Yummy!!! Jalapeño grits are the delicious. Every meat is amazing. The wait is worth it.
"Great BBQ! I suggest arriving early to beat the rush, but even if you have to wait it's worth it! 

Enjoy!"
"Little Miss BBQ. A quaint yet elegant jewel in the Phoenix Metropolitan food scene. There's nothing little about the flavors you'll find here. What they lack in square footage they gain ten-fold in bold smoky flavors and hometown cooking. This is evident in the daily lines that wrap around the property each day. With a retro flair and small town feel, Little Miss BBQ offers an escape from the cookie-cutter chain restaurants and the busy lifestyle of downtown Phoenix. It's not often you'll find a location that combines the sophistication and flavor profiles of a high-end restaurant with a down-home country atmosphere and familial vibe. Here, smiles and conversations abound, and while the staff are consummate professionals, the discussions you'll have with them in the queue quickly have them feeling like long-time friends. 

Anticipation is the name of the game, especially when average waits consistently exceed two hours. And perhaps there's something about the wait that makes the food taste that much better. Not that the menu needs any help. The fatty brisket is the most popular menu item, and as such it's rare to see it on the menu past 1:00pm. For our plates, we chose the lean brisket. Perfectly cooked, tender and juicy, with just the right amount of bark. The bark alone sets Little Miss BBQ apart from its competitors, a perfect visual representation that this is barbecue elevated to a different level. Pulled pork with tender strands that pull apart to reveal layers of flavor with each bite. House-made sausage made from beef, pork and jalapeño combine together in a melody of flavors with just enough kick to take it off the kids menu. Choose your own adventure and pair your meats with one of three different sauces: sweet and tangy mustard, spicy or house barbecue sauce. South Carolina-style sweet and tangy mustard barbecue sauce provided the most subtle pairing of the three options, which highlighted the smokiness of the brisket. With its slow burn, the Spicy (and sweet) barbecue sauce is a tangy homage to the traditional sauce that dominates the collective consciousness when it comes to barbecue in the United States. Old habits die hard, but it's not hard to see why the House sauce is the crowd pleaser with its mild flavor that enhances the natural sweetness in the meat. The House sauce is a milder cousin to the Spicy sauce, but you won't go wrong trying any or all!

And, of course, no meal is complete without sides. The potato salad is unlike conventional potato salad you'd find elsewhere. Instead of drowning in heavy mayo, you'll find finely chopped potatoes and red onions with hints of dill and pepper swimming in a light dressing. Jalapeño cheddar grits are dense and creamy with the consistency of a savory emulsified cornbread. Baked beans were well-seasoned, with additional notes of pepper, which melt in your mouth thanks to being perfectly cooked. And with each plate comes the option for complementary additions of pickles, onions, jalapeños, or white bread, a nod to the varied styles in which people enjoy their barbecue. 

This isn't a restaurant with a novel of a menu. There are just enough options to ensure that everything is done well and everything is done right. And, of course, make sure to save room for dessert. Bekky's smoked pecan pie or a seasonal Nutella pumpkin pie are sweet ways to finish the meal."
"What an amazing place. Food is great. Meat is tender, very well seasoned, and portions are on par with the price. Grits were amazing although the beans left something to be desired. They had more of a chili feel to it. It did not take away from the overall experience"
"Definitely worth the wait....fair prices, great service & overall good energy.

Got there around 11:30 and got the last parking spot in the lot. Food in hand by 12:15 eating at home by 12:30. The owners father in law directs traffic and shows you where you can park across the street if lot is full. Ice cold water bottles in an ice chest while you wait and a 5 gallon jug towards the front of the line.. For those who aren't familiar with bbq pricing the best bang for the buck is by the pound but they also offer two meat combos with a side (Jalapeno grits coleslaw potato salad baked beans are the options).  

The Saturday only item is Beef Short Rib which is about $20 a pound. I got a pound of that and Scott owner/butcher threw in an extra bone so my dogs each got one.. Pulled pork is around $14 a pound  and I think pork ribs is right around the same. If you miss out on the beef rib make sure you get some brisket for your beef fix and pork ribs will hit the spot. On top of that the guy in front me ended up getting just the pork short rib meat so he let me have the bone to give to Charlie.(great bday present for the boy!) 

I know it was overkill but I didn't know the next time i'll be able to go so I had to try it all. ....Ive been at least 5 or 6 times since the first trip and can say I've had the smoked turkey which was ok but nothing special.I definitely get the spicy sausage every time($3.50 a link). This last time I went they were handing it out as samples to the entire line. I like the ranch style beans with pieces of brisket and jalapeno grits but I'll confess most of money is spent on meat when I come here. I cant leave without a pecan pie though. Perfect size for two or a hungry man that has a pint of vanilla ice cream nearby. The pulled pork was good but I was expecting more smoked flavor and spices. It pairs great with the bbq sauces and easy way to make sandwiches but I come for the brisket!!! The fatty brisket sells out quick and they will keep you updated while you are in line. They'll tell you what is sold out and about how much is left. Strange as it sound I prefer the lean but would never turn away the fatty :)   There are three homemade bbq sauces (regular spicy and honey mustard)  I usually bring my glass bottles back for refill when I go and I think it cuts price down from $8 to $3 if refill. 

1st trip notes: While waiting in line one of the employees was passing out water. There was misters while in line and a tent for shading a portion of the line as well. He saw me taking pictures of the smoker and walked up said sometimes they give tours of it but nothing to show today since they did all the cooking last night. Inside the staff was very friendly butcher was passing out samples making jokes checkout was quick too.      

Side note I had there gelato they are currently serving at Gelato Spot and it was pretty good as well. Smoked banana caramel something or other...(this was during gelato week during whatever year my original review was from)"
"BBQ as good as anything you'll find in Austin, TX. The people running this place are really nice. Not efficiently run though. You won't get your  Brisket unless you are in line before 11. Be ready to wait a couple hours on weekdays. Arrived at 11:15 wasn't served until 1245."
"From the warm and inviting smiles that I received when I walked in the door to savory smoky BBQ aromas.. Little Miss BBQ is winner!   

This is my second visit.. I arrived at 1:45pm to no line and walked right up to counter. Beware if you get there close to closing time you will have get what is left which by no means is bad! I got the chopped brisket sandwich with potato salad and ranch style beans. I got the bun on side so I can make my sandwich at home. 

Do not forget desert! I decided to try Pumpkin Nutella pie! 

Do yourself a favor and get here early to get a good selection of meats, you will not be disappointed."
"OH MY GOSH!!!!!! Believe the reviews, people. I live in Sedona and finally was able to try this wonderful place. Yes, I did get there at 9:30, and wait for them to open at 11:00 and I would do it all over again. This place has the best, moist, delicate and delicious fatty brisket that I have ever had. The smoked turkey was moist and delicious, the beans are a fantastic meal within itself and the grits, oh my, were so creamy and full of flavor. Not only was the food fantastic, but the owners and all the employees were so nice, and down to earth people. Very helpful and a very pleasant experience that I will enjoy doing often. Definitely, a trip worth to the valley. Thank you, LITTLE MISS BBQ!!!!!"
"Incredible smells, food, & staff. If you don't know about this place you will not be disappointed."
Nice place great place good food service was awesome and the restaurant was clean and friendly and very inviting thank you all we will be back again and again
"Waitress in line for over an hour and a half.  Definite worth it.  If ever I'm in Phoenix , I will allocate time to stop by.  The date brisket it's amazing."
"I got there about 3:45 which is 15 minutes before closing, so I had a feeling I would be limited on what was available.  I ended up getting the very last of their chopped brisket, some smoked turkey, beans and jalapeño cheese grits.  Based on what I had and how friendly the staff was, I'd like to go back earlier in the day, but sadly I'm only in town for a quick overnight stay.  Their suggestion for the mustard sauce on the turkey is the way to go and is outstanding!  The grits are the best I've had outside of some Southern states and the beans were great too!  Their brisket with the house bbq sauce was good too, but I'm sure the fatty brisket is even better - I'll have to get their earlier next time before they sell it all."
We were visiting Arizona for a work thing and we're recommended this place by a friend. AH-MAZING!!!!!! Best brisket I've ever had. We got there around 1 o'clock and they were running out of a few things but so glad I was able to get a piece of that brisket lol there was about a 10 minute wait in line but it went by pretty quick. The red beans & grits were also on point. The jefe sandwich had sausage and chopped brisket which was deliciousness combined into one. No complaints at all!
The barbecue was good. I had the St. Louis style ribs. It was a little pricey. Didn't really feel like my meal was worth $15. 4 ribs and a scoop of potato salad.
"Got here at 11am, the parking lot was already full and there was a long line (which was expected) so we parked around the back on the same block. It took us about 90 minutes to get through the line and by the time we got to the register, they were on the last piece of brisket! We got 3/4 lb fatty brisket, 3/4 lb beef short rib, and 1/3 lb pulled pork. Beef short rib and the fatty brisket was the BOMB. Pretty great bbq, but not sure it's worth a 90min wait in the heat."
"Best BBQ I've ever had.  Hands down.  The brisket is incredible, the sausages and amazing.  I love their homemade BBQ sauces.  All of them.  The only bad thing about this place is the lines!"
Some of the best BBQ we have had! Was worth the wait. Everyone was so friendly. Excellent service!
"After reading pages upon pages of rave reviews, we had to check this place out.  The Friday before the 4th (otherwise known as JULY 3rd), found us in the neighborhood with time to kill, so we went for it.

When we arrived at 12:15PM, my fiancé had to queue up in the turning lane behind two other vehicles before getting into the parking lot.  So, I jumped out and decided to start the wait in the line.  A lot attendant told me the wait was one hour, so again, with not much else pressing, we decided this was our chance.

And...an hour later, we moved all of 20 feet in line.  I'm not joking.  20 feet.  The line simply didn't move.  So, we left, losing an hour of life we can never get back.

BUT, we found out why...there is ONE person cutting and serving meat.  ONE.  Which is ridiculous, and also explains everything about this place's ""hype"".  It isn't legitimate...it's a brilliant marketing ploy to get people to wait in line for two hours to *possibly* get some over-priced BBQ.   Creating a false demand through ineffective operations and service.  I should have paid more attention in my college marketing class.  ;)

Is the meat worth it?  Possibly.  But, everyone standing around us were also first-timers, so judging the lack of repeat customers, this place seems to ride the wave of superb marketing, while not really getting how to retain a customer base.  Which is how you build a business (I did catch that from Marketing 101).

Will we ever go back to try again?  Nope.  First time, shame on you.  Second time, shame on me."
What is hear is the place is amazing . But every time I go the line is over an hour long. I hear they cater so next time we have a company party we cave a company party we will look them up
"You would THINK that waiting 2 hours in line would make a customer disgruntled. I am pleasantly surprised that was not the case.

The Experience: Little miss is a cafeteria-style BBQ eatery with a strong following. I showed up only 30 minutes after opening on a weekday and was getting nervous that there would be food available to eat, considering how long the line was! Fortunately there were several water stations throughout the line and some shaded areas during the wait. Very kind of the establishment, a Little Miss BBQ worker would come out periodically and update us on the wait and the available food. This is kind of their shtick. Once they run out of a certain kind of food, that's it for the day! I heard a worker say that ""if you aren't in line by 10, [an hour before they open], then you're taking a gamble."" So if you're waiting for that coveted ""Fatty Brisket"", plan your day accordingly. (Little Miss is even kind enough to provide lawn chairs for those motivated customers who line up first, before opening). Once you get your food, you either eat in the fairly limited indoor seating or the more expansive outdoor patio. If you're over it, you can take it home (but after that line, who wants to wait to eat over the car ride home...). Another positive highlight, a Little Miss BBQ worker brought us all samples of some food while waiting in line. It's the little, charming efforts here and there that this establishment makes that really justify the chaos of the wait. 

Okay, so the food. By the time I got to the counter to order, they were already out of the Fatty Brisket, Pulled Pork, and the Turkey. Fortunately, they still have lean brisket available for a while after the Fatty B goes. I elected for a 2 meat plate of the Lean Brisket and their sausage (a great deal, may I add) and was so satisfied. Even lean, the Brisket was beautifully tender and savory (I'm getting some nostalgic drooling on this right now...).The sausage had a perfect bite and was a juicy compliment to the rest of my dish. Worth the wait? Most definitely. 

Little Miss BBQ is a place I would easily visit again (maybe with a more strategic game plan). The rumored Fatty Brisket is a type of Sasquatch. I've yet to see it but I am holding out as a believer! Even though Little Miss isn't the type of place I would visit frequently (considering the significant wait), I would HIGHLY recommend this to any BBQ enthusiasts."
"If you know me,  then you know that I don't like to wait in line. However a friend highly recommended this place and,  after a 30 minute wait,  I'm glad I did. This has to be THE best BBQ I've had since James Gaspy and BackRiver Bob days. The fatty Brisket melts in your mouth,  the dry smoked ribs were as good as the ones Joe S. used to do and the jalapeño sausage was both crumbly and just spicy enough to be subtly tasty. This is a hole in the wall place with limited parking so carpool. Tip: get there EARLY. They open at 11, but people were in line at 10. They say til 4, but while I was in line they ran out of Rib Tips (and talking with the guy they run out each day -  they're working on getting another smoker). The beans are made from the trimmings so they have a good amount of meat and sausage in them. Highly recommended."
"I got the plate with 2 sides, and chose the brisket with potato salad and cheese grits. The brisket tasted as if an angel descended from heaven and cried happy tears into the water that the cows consumed so they willingly threw themselves into the stove to be roasted to the perfect tender texture and smoky, peppery flavor. The potatoes and grits were touched by unicorns in the best way possible.

Tldr; best BBQ I have ever had. 
And I'm from the south."
Best effing sausage I've had in Arizona. Ever. Brisket was awesome as well. We got there at 10:40am and got to the door at noon. Definitely worth the wait. We got a bit of everything to try and have some to take home and are so glad we did. We will be back again for more brisket and sausage. Worth all 5 stars and then some.
"This little place is really just delicious. We arrived around 10:30 (opens at 11) and we waited well over an hour. Best bbq around here for sure. Worth the wait. The staff is super friendly and helpful. We ordered: 1lb of brisket, 2 sausages, 1 pecan pie, a chopped brisket sandwich, 1 two meat plate with pastrami, fatty brisket. Let me tell you, every single thing was delicious. Make sure to give yourself plenty of time to wait for your food. The line is mostly in the shade and they have cold water for you while you wait. Highly recommend."
Prior posts say it all. The best BBQ I've ever had. Sides are just ok but every meat we tried was amazing. The meat needs no sauce and could be cut with a plastic fork.
"Awesome, awesome,awesome.

I'm a smoker and can tell you that their pulled pork beats mine, per my wife, and their brisket equals mine, per my wife.

They are very friendly and thoughtful people, between the owner, his dad and their employees. 

I would highly recommend this place, simply stated.

Oh, by the way, the beans are very good."
Yummy BBQ! We tried the pulled pork sandwiches with coleslaw. Very yummy & they have 3 different bbq sauces. We really enjoyed the spicy!
"Okay so I just lost over 30 pounds on weight watchers (pats on the back welcome) and I am very, I mean very selective with my splurges. I eat skinny this and skinny that all the time!  This is NOT SKINNY ANYTHING thank goodness!!!  I am not a  meat lover in general but I LOVE ME SOME PIG!!!  Bacon, ribs, pulled, babybacked...so when I do eat a bit of meat, I demanf it to be the best. 

     I was very excited to try Little Miss BBQ since I am an avid yelper and every time my BBQ loving husband mentions it I see the 5 star review and get super duper curious.  
    
     Since Easter, I have been on a bit of a binge so I was ready to get down and boogie with some ribs.  To my surprise, the establishment is a couple of blocks from my job so I decided to go for it, I had skipped breakfast and was incredibly hungry. Hanging around outside the smokers in line did not help my hunger pains one bit!  
     
     Actually the line went fairly quickly, about 20-25 minutes after I arrived at 1:30pm, plenty of meat left, no problems there, maybe if it was a bit later in the afternoon they would run out?  
     
     Anyway, the wait was fairly pleasant, everyone seemed to be in a great mood and no one was complaining about the long lines. When I got closer to the counter, I noticed that the butcher was very passionate about what he was serving and extremely skillful at cutting the meat in in just the right angles, he looked as if he were in love with his meat and wanted to share the love with everyone (and make some money in the process).  
    
     The service was quick and efficient but be careful to check your receipt if you pay by credit card, they accidently added on a $5.45 tip when I pressed ""no tip"", I like to tip in cash.  It seems like an honest mistake and they were quick to correct the error. Parking is interesting, staff guided me in like I was a 747 jet plane!  He didn't want me to crunch my bumper, how thoughtful!!!

     Okay, on to the taste of the food.  EXCELLENT!  That is all.
     
  The wait is part of the adventure, so enjoy and savor the moments of anticipation!"
"Insert every cliche to describe how amazing the BBQ is here. No matter the line, wait. It'll be worth it!"
Hands down the best bbq I've had in my whole life in Phoenix. I had the el jefe sandwich and it changed my life. I sweated out the wait in the hot summer sun and I'll happily do it again for that goodness.
"This place does not deserve anything less than 5 stars. 

I was afraid it was overhyped when I initially saw these yelp reviews and still felt hesitant when I got there as it's not a traditional restaurant front. 

The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  This place prides themselves on good service and making sure you're satisfied. 

The BBQ is absolutely amazing. Plenty of choices (if you get in line sooner than later) all cooked to perfection. 

I just had dinner and I'm still salivating just thinking about the fatty brisket as I write this review. 

I even have dreams about it - my apologies about this language.. but it's just that damn good."
"I came here on a Saturday morning to sample this hyped up BBQ in Phoenix.  My friends and I waited in line at 10:45AM and hung out like it was a ride to wait at a theme park.  One hour later, we finally got to the counter to order and it was well worth it.  The meat carver was cutting fatty brisket like it was nothing.  I ordered a brisket and rib combo.  These guys know how to BBQ.  So tender, so juicy, and the meat fell right off the bone.  Parking was scarce since it's a small lot but they have parking attendants to guarantee you a spot!  Need a place to hang out with friends and enjoy some delicious BBQ?  Come here!"
"I asked a friend of mine if he's ever heard of this place.  His eyes opened wider than I ever seen, and he simply says, "" Little Miss BBQ is THE TRUTH!""   I'll admit, after reading all of these 5-star reviews and seeing his reaction, I was still a little doubtful.  Could it really be THAT good?   A day after eating lunch there, I am still dreaming about it.  I went there on a late Saturday afternoon...the only time I didn't see a crazy line of cars waiting to get in...and by that time, they only had pulled pork and chopped brisket left.  It was the most delicious, melt-in-your-mouth BBQ I have ever had.  SO DAMN FLAVORFUL.  I loved it with and without sauce, but that sauce is king!  With the meat, I had their delicious potato salad that I would definitely eat again.  If I could afford to eat here every day, I would.  I'm going to go wipe the drool off of my keyboard now."
"The best BBQ in Phoenix! We ordered everything, even the pecan pie. Their house BBQ sauce was so delicious, I purchased a bottle to take home. The owner was hospitable and informative. He was outside talking to waiting guest while passing out samples. We will definitely go back soon!"
"I feel like most of this has been said before...but there is nothing like watching a friend try the brisket from Little Miss BBQ the first time. Meat butter.

I ordered a 5lb brisket and 5lb pork shoulder for a birthday party. When I showed up at Little Miss, they sliced it fresh for me, had all of the fixings boxed up and ready and of course gave me a couple sample tastes. On my walk out the owner gave me a tour of the smoker and a couple or serving tips. 

Fortunately I ate a slice as I set up for the party because that was the last I saw of the brisket that night. I saw a friend going for his third trip through and asked if his wife had one plate yet...his response, ""this is too good to share."" 

The food stands up on it's own but the overall vibe of the place and the owner's attention to detail (and customer service) could make you overlook a 4.5 star meal, but after a couple of visits there, I'm not sure they are even capable of putting out anything below five starts."
"It is as good as everyone else says it is. I am an Arizona native and I have always had the feeling that I have never had true BBQ. This place finally made me feel like someone cared about their BBQ. I had both types of brisket and some of their sausage . Honestly I was really impressed with their sausage, slammed with flavor and not overly greasy. The meat quality of the brisket was second to non. If you love BBQ and have not tried this place you are really missing out."
"Wow. Totally worth the wait! Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is cute and smells heavenly. We arrived in Phoenix for a long weekend and wanted to grab a quick bite. We settled on LMB because of all the great Yelp reviews. We waited in a rather long line and it worth every minute. The BBQ turkey was divine, as were the jalapeño grits and coleslaw. My husband had the pulled pork and brisket, both of which melt in your mouth. Also, the outdoor seating is totally legit, as there is continuous misting and it's under a tent. Don't miss out on this great BBQ!"
"Omg my husband and I went before a holiday so the line was 2 1/2 hour wait, but totally worth it. The staff was super nice and welcoming and the food was ridiculously good. The meat just fell off the bone. And the spicy sauce was delicious not to hot but great flavor."
Ok just wow...  Get here early tho ribs are sold out by 1 usually!! Pork right after...  Mmmm so good
"I've been to Franklins, supposedly the best brisket in the world, and this was better. So juicy, so full of flavour. The sides were good too and the pecan pie was spectacular.

We got there at 12:30 and there was a huge line. By 1:15 the line was almost gone.

The sauces were homemade and delicious. The rib fell off the bone, the turkey was smoked without being too dry."
This place is ridiculously good. Its ruined all other bbq for me. Its that good. Worth the wait. I promise
"Absolutely amazing BBQ!! I'm fairly new to Arizona and I was fortunate to find this local treasure one day while driving home. Wait time can be as much as an hour, however it is certainly well worth the wait. Also it should be noted that they do have misters and complimentary ice water while you wait, another nice little tidbit is the owner will come out with samples of their house made sausage which is awesomely delicious! I highly recommend to anyone that loves good BBQ! Thanks Little Miss BBQ for all you do!"
"THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST BBQ I'VE EVER HAD!!!
I say that having never been a big bbq fan or ever really craving bbq.... Now I can't wait to go back! 
I decided to try the fat brisket, jalapeño cheddar grits, and the beans for my first visit.
The fat brisket was sooo juicy and melted in your mouth, but had a little too much fat throughout for my preference. The beans were a mix of pinto beans with little pieces of brisket added in; they were great on their own but I added some house bbq sauce and they were even better. Finally, the grits.... Honestly the best grits I've ever had. They were slightly spicy, a little cheesy and the perfect texture.
The other people I went with tried the lean brisket, the turkey, the pulled pork and the potato salad. All were good, but the lean brisket was just as amazing as the fat brisket but obviously with less fat all over, aka I preferred this brisket. The pulled pork was good but didn't shine as bright as our other meats. The potato salad was meh, but I'm not a huge potato salad person but the other people I went with liked it. And the surprise of the entire meal.... The turkey was AMAZING!!! I mean who would normally order turkey at a bbq place over all the other choices?! I would have NEVER expected it to be as juicy and flavorful as it was.
Final thoughts:
Order the brisket, lean or fat is your preference 
Order the turkey, you'll be surprised by how great it is
Order the jalapeño cheddar grits, even if you're not a huge grits fan you'll become one after trying these 

They are doing something right here and you've gotta try it for yourself!"
"Literally- may be the best barbecue I've ever had. Amazing!!!  Brisket was insane; pulled pork was moist and so flavorful. The sauces, which are truly unnecessary because the meat is so moist and full of flavor, are delicious. My personal faves: their mustard sauce and spicy bbq sauce."
Best BBQ ever! The wait is worth it. Everything is worth is. If I could eat here every day I would. Simply delicious.
"Worth the wait.  Top 5 in the country.  I know because I travel the country and search for BBQ everywhere I go.  I usually get some to bring home to Minnesota too.  

Get here before 10:30 is a must so you don't wait too long or miss out on their fatty brisket. 

This is how BBQ should be done."
"I am acquainted with Scott and Bekke (and Travis) from the BBQ competitions here in AZ so I was anxious to try their new place.  Being that they trounced just about everyone, including my team, I was really wondering what style they'd be serving.  The meat is very true to Texas style, simply seasoned and perfectly smoked.  
You can tell that great care went into the preparation of the meat, and great BBQ is ALL about the 24 hours prior to the meat hitting your plate.
I cannot recommend this spot highly enough, the first real step to putting Arizona on the Q map."
"Best BBQ I have ever had. Along with some of the greatest service I have ever had. I arrived at 10:26 on a Thursday and was #55 in line. Apparently this is surprising.... But I was ok with waiting. Be prepared to wait in line, I cannot stress that enough, but they do make it better. Lets start from the get go: They have an attendant out there for parking purposes. I heard that a few members got in line around 0600.... Thats excessive, but I would say to be there before 1030 if you are trying to get something specific. While waiting in line they make it extremely easy for ""noobs"" to get their fix, and to know what to do. They stress that everyone be ready as soon as possible to keep the line quickly moving. At #55 it took me until 1200 to get my food..... Yeah, its not quick... Yes. It is worth it. Thursday is Pastrami day... Never had BBQ Pastrami? Do it, you will not regret it. The fatty Brisket IS as good as everyone says (I do not like Brisket) and the sausage is good enough to make me never want to be a vegan, ever. It actually hurts me that people don't get to try stuff like this. The Fiance was head over heels for the Pecan pie as well. It is not cheap, but typical good BBQ is NOT. The Mustard (Even if you do not like mustard) is absolutely amazing! The BBQ sauce as well is incredible. Once you get to the front of the line there are 3 people, the slicer, the bagger, the cash register guy. They work like PB&J... And bread maybe? They work beautifully together, and I would gladly take this service for only 3 people. The owner slices and is attentive, very obviously customer first. The best part about all of this in my opinion? The customer service. As I said, the owner is a slicer, and the other owner walks the line (I want to say husband wife duo) and answers ANY questions you have. Wanna talk about the wood they use? Shes there to talk BBQ. The amazing Smokers? She'll tell them where they got them. She'll even give you some information about the area if you'd like! Fantastic customer service, fantastic food. Before this trip my BBQ Best was The Shed in Biloxi Mississippi..... The Shed is fantastic... Little Miss BBQ wins it though..... I am so sad I live across the country."
"Worth the wait in line, great friendly staff and the owners comes to the table to make sure you're enjoying the meat and getting taken care of! They give water and samples as you wait in line with music playing, so don't be intimidated by the line and crowded parking lot. Be sure the get there when it opens as the best meats get bought up first - when they're out, they're out!"
"Alright, this place is AHHHHHHH-mazing! Listen to me as you have never listened before. (1) This place gets packed you be prepared to wait! (2) Everything is made on site (3) Everything is delicious! I will be back (already have made three trips in the last two months! This place is great"
"Wow!  This was the BEST BBQ I've ever had!  We did have to wait in line for 45 minutes to get our food, but it was SO worth it!  The brisket was amazing, especially the fatty.  I asked for both fatty and non as I don't typically eat fatty, but it melted in my mouth!  The pulled pork melts in your mouth too.  The ribs were great and the three BBQ sauces were delicious!  You really can't go wrong with anything you order.  The potato salad, cole slaw, grits, and beans were all tasty.  There is a reason people stand in line for this!  I just wished I lived closer as I would go all the time."
No words. Just happy tears and a very full belly. Pretty sure Jesus was back there somewhere preparing the food. Wow.
"What more can be said about this place that hasn't already been said?!? Teeny tiny location on University in the industrial area. If you blink you will miss it! My theory, if there is a line and parking is packed, means they must be good!!! So be patient! They have complementary bottled water and a mister system set up to keep you as comfy as possible while you wait. Plus 6 large wooden picnic tables under covering out of the sun. I will gladly wait in line for an hour to enjoy their BBQ! They open at 11am, when the weather is nice, even getting here 30 minutes before they open, be prepared to wait in line! Also, they are open til they run out, yet another reason to get there early. I've had the spare ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and sausage. All of it tender, juicy, flavorful! They have 3 sauces, spicy and house BBQ, and a sweet and tangy mustard sauce. All of which are finger liking good! The owner is a hard worker. Nice guy! He comes around and asks everyone how they are doing and how everything tastes. He's won a bunch of awards, and it's obvious he knows what he's doing and is passionate about his work! His dad is the parking attendant. He's a good guy to chat with while you wait. You have a question? Ask him. He will have the answer:) If you have a couple hours to spare and want to enjoy the best damn BBQ in Phoenix, this is the place to be!!"
Little Miss is amazing and it is restaurants  like this that are springing up in PHX and  creating  a whole new cultural vibe here. It's difficult to describe how good the brisket and beef rib are. The sausage too! The jalapeño cheese grits are fabulous. The wait is worth it and the staff is so friendly.
"Best BBQ in Arizona, maybe west of the Mississippi! You can taste the love in every bite. I encourage anyone who lives in AZ to experience the magic and everyone that visits must stop in. Every employee is happy, upbeat and cares about the customer, the food and the happiness this BBQ will bring your soul! As for the line, the ride at the end is better than Disneyland!"
"Some of the best BBQ I've ever had and I grew up in Texas and have been to BBQ places my whole life - Franklin, Kreuz, City Market, Black's, Salt Lick, Lamberts, Smitty's, Two Bros, Heavy's, Rudy's, Hot Pit, Sonny Bryan's and Hard Eight (all Texas), Leonard's & Rendezvous (Memphis), Jack's (Nashville), Arthur Bryan's (KC), Hill Country, Mighty Quinn & Fette Sau (all NYC). Excellent BBQ and owner was very accommodating and asked for opinions when I was done.  My overall rating is 5-stars bass on these individual ratings:

Brisket (lean) - 5 stars
Brisket (fatty) - 4 stars
Pulled Pork - 5 stars
Sausage - 5 stars
Pork ribs - 4 stars
Beef short ribs - 5 stars

BBQ sauce - 5 stars (but you don't really need it)
Jalapeño cheddar grits - 5 stars
Cole slaw - 4 stars
Pickles - 4 stars
Beans - didn't have room for them"
"Great Texas style 'que. I'm intimately familiar with the real deal as a former Austin resident. The brisket could easily pass as legit, and the ribs were awesome. But I actually thought the pecan pie was the highlight; easily the best I've ever tasted. 

Docking one star because you should offer me bread and pickles to go with $40 worth of sliced meat. I didn't realize there wasn't any and it was quite the hassle to go back and get them from behind the counter (although the staff were all beyond nice). 

Not that it matters anyway, the bongo reviews are well-deserved and I'm sure they will continue. The genuine thank you from the owner as I moved down the line was a very nice touch."
"This place definitely deserves 5 stars. They open at 11am on a Saturday  and we arrived at 10:05 and there was already a line up. Also to be said it was already 100+ degrees outside. So it was extremely nice of the restaurant to provide FREE bottles iced water to everyone waiting in line. Once they opened at 11am the line started to move quickly. They provided samples to us which was great because it was our first time and we were kind of unsure what to get. I got the 2 meat plate with double brisket, cheddar jalapeño grits and Cole slaw. My boyfriend got 2 meat with pork ribs, sausage, cheddar jalapeño grits and beans. Our friend got 2 meat with pulled pork and brisket same sides as me. Everything was AMAZING. The ribs were fall off the bone tender, the brisket was moist and tender, pulled pork full of flavour. I got a mix of the fatty brisket and lean. I prefer the fatty brisket it just melts in your mouth. So amazing. The grits were perfectly cooked, creamy with slight spicy. Cole slaw was standard but delicious. I didn't try the beans myself but my boyfriend loved them! They actually put some of the left overs of the pulled pork into the beans. The staff were wonderful; very hospitable and friendly. I wish they had more seating inside but we were lucky enough to get a seat inside so that was just perfect! Can't wait to be back!!!! My only tip would be get there early, you don't wanna be at the back of the line then get to the front and they are sold out!"
"I have lived Ali g the entires southeast part of the USA... from Alabama to California and I lived in Texas a good amount of my youth. I would say I definitely know what Texas bbq tastes like and I am saying here that this is spot on awesomeness I haven't had anywhere in Texas or other places. Ever. I eat bbq wherever i can where I visit or live and this is:  

Obscenely amazing kewlness in the taste and texture. I had the turkey and fatty brisket I'm 52 but I'm going to say it OMG!! Heaven and some may say ""not"" but it's worth the wait

The wait is way long but you can do it... especially for the prize at the end of the wait...but get there early, at least 35 minutes or more before they open. They've git chair to sit in water coolers water bottles. Music going etc. prophet are friendly and the staff is great and accommodating

You have a special diet just let them know and try will change out the board and knives for you etc.

The offer samples of sausage that they make in house and they even had off site parking to handle overflow parking only about 1/2 block away. 

I've joe been multiple times and although I still go to other bbq places here in Phoenix. If LITTLE MISS is open that's where I go"
We had lunch here and the reviews reflect the food as everything was fantastic. Had the brisket and ribs with a side of jalapeño cheddar sausage- all the meats were great. Also enjoyed the grits. Worth the trip if you don't work or live in the area. Here's to a long run for Little Miss!
I've been holding off posting review because the lines are already ridiculous for this place. I think this place has finally reach cult status.  I haven't waited an hour and a half for anything since I was in high school trying to buy stones tickets. This place is off the chain. I eat here at least once a week. When I'm not eating here I'm thinking about you eating here. I swear they put crack in their BBQ because I'm addicted. It is amazing! And perhaps the only thing better than the barbecue is the staff that works there. They always greet me with a smile and are apologetic about selling out of whatever it was that I came in for. Yes they sell out. They only cook a certain amount each day i when it's gone it's gone. Usually it's the guy right in front of me that gets the last portion of what I'm craving.  I caution you before you try this place just know that you will be hooked. And then you like the rest of us Little Miss groupies will be willing to wait an hour and a half in line just to get your fix.  Damn you little miss!
"This is really good BBQ. Is it the best in Phoenix? NO. But it's DAAAAMN good.


The Good: 

Brisket done right

Awesome Mustard BBQ sauce

Grits as a side

Great Pulled Pork

Friendly owner and Staff


The BAD:

The Ribs. Not great. Better than a place like Rudys but can't touch a place like Texas BBQ House

The Wait- 30 min standing in line in 105 degree weather. Not fun. Thats 10 mins after they open.

The price. This is probably the most expensive BBQ in town. $17lb for Brisket? Holy crap.

The regular Sauce

All in all a really great BBQ place that is the only thing that has come close to touching Texas BBQ House. I would say their Brisket is def on par, their Pulled Pork is better and their Ribs are not even close. TBH will still be the go to. Then this place.

In order of best BBQ in town....well.....there are only 2 worth a dang as far as im concerned

1. Texas BBQ House
2. Little Miss BBQ
3.......meh......I guess Rudys but only for everything other than Ribs."
Must get here at least half hour prior to opening to get in line.  The fatty brisket is a must.
"Went on a Saturday morning before the open. There was a long wait. Waited for at least 2 hours. 

Owners were nice and had the shade with water sprinklers and they also provided free water for everyone waiting. The line does move somewhat slow. 

However once you reach the front, the fatty brisket is the way to go. Ribs are decent and not too dry. They have a couple of sauces to try. The spicy BBQ sauce, I believe, was favorite. 

The sides were okay. 

Only a couple of tables in the restaurant. 
They have outdoor seating as well. 
They do have a parking lot, but if it is full you may have to park down the street in a different parking lot and walk back. 

Price is around like $20. 

Maybe try take out next time."
Oh My Goodness! LMBBQ was fantastic! You can't go wrong with anything that they make. I don't really care for brisket but I had to try it as it highly recommended. YOU DON'T NEED SAUCE on anything! We will be calling for a big group order!
"This place lives up to the hype!   The BBQ is incredible, and the staff is amazing. It's great to see people who love what the do & do it well. The pork products are outrageous, but don't sleep on the turkey, it's amazing & really juicy.  The lines are long, but it is absolutely worth the wait."
I literally created this account so I can give them a 5 star rating after trying their brisket at lunch today. I'm a bit of a BBQ freak and this was by far the best I have ever had and the super friendly and great service just made it THAT much better. Will definitely be back..maybe even tomorrow!
"This stuff is absolutely amazing. Good lord that moist brisket has my mouth watering as I type this. A bit pricey, but worth the wait and the drive. We drove approx. 40 minutes and waited about 1.5 hours in line for food. We spent $60 on 1lb moist brisket, 1 lb ribs (3 ribs), .5lb smoked turkey, grits, baked beans, and coleslaw."
"Great food, great people!

The owners, husband/wife team have a great product and down home service. The owner's father(in-law) is on hand as well to offer help as well as schmooze. A great, simple place...better BBQ then I've had anywhere else in the world and that includes Texas."
"This place is worth the wait in line!! First time in Arizona and had to try out this place since everyone was raving about the BBQ.

All I gotta say is best BBQ in the world!!!"
"Amazing BBQ!   Get a two meat plate with fatty brisket, sausage jalepeno cheese fritz an beans and you will think you died and went to heaven. Smoked turkey and ribs are good to.  There is a reason for the line it is amazing!"
"Before coming to PHX, I made a list of various foods to try in which I used Yelp and other websites to see what they would recommend.  So of course I wanted to try some good Ike fashion BBQ like how they make it in the mid west.  When doing my research I came across Little Miss BBQ where the reviews were off the wall!  I couldn't believe this place was 5 stars with a lot of reviews.  Common sense would tell you, if everyone is rating this place high then it has to be good right?  Of course!!  So, me and my good friend decide to pay this place a visit on my last full day before leaving PHX and the reviews did not lie!!  Great BBQ!  Especially the brisket!!  Despite it being chopped brisket it was still awesome!!  And with some pastrami, some beans and potato salad was really awesome!!  But beyond that, the extra honey mustard on the table sauce took it to the next level!!  The sauce was sooooo good..  I was tempted to snake a bottle to take back home!  It was that good!!  Let's just say..  It was like the chicken McNuggets honey mustard but on steroids!  I'll be back mos def!!  But on top of that, we got to meet the owner..  I think his name was Scott..  Really cool guy that took us around his set up..  This was a really epic food experience in my book.."
"Went there 3 times and the quality is very consistency. Love the ribs and sausages.
Amazing!"
"Long line, delicious BBQ! My associate said ""wanna go about 9:45 tomorrow for lunch?"" For lunch, I asked?? He knew what he was talking about. I agreed to meet him at 10:30 instead, and we were in line until noon. 

To pass the time, I went to a nearby mini market, and got us 2 beers in brown bags. Parked a block or 2 down, right by a cannibus dispensary, and walked up to the spot. The long line in the sun was helped to be less toasty by the misting system they had spraying around the perimeter. Outside there are picnic tables, and you see all of their wood for smoking, and gigantic BBQ grills, super professional. 

Every once in a while a guy come out to give a meat update to let everyone know what meat had run out. People really wanted the fatty brisket. By the time we got into the builfing to order, that fatty brisket was all gone. The guy in front of us ordered the last of it, which was 3 pounds worth to go. 

Oh well, I had a qtr lb of each thing including: lean brisket, ribs, chop, and hot links. It came with jalapeno grits (a little bland) and some beans. I took one of their tiny pecan pies to go. 

Got to meet the owners and their cute baby. They get to cooking at like 4:30 am everyday, and this young husband and wife team seem to have a good thing going!

They also take huge orders for you nexty big event, but you have to find out how to order in advance. From what I understood, there is a waiting list for those big orders, so you'd better call to find out about that."
"BEST BBQ in the area. This place has the most amazing texas style smoked brisket, pulled pork, and ribs. Get there early as they tend to run out of meat quickly."
"Food was phenomenal! The brisket was great, and I absolutely loved the jalapeno cheese grits. There is seating indoors and outdoors, we chose to sit outside and it was perfect. They offer 3 different kinds of sauce and we tried the house sauce which was great and the mustard based sauce was just as good. We will definitely be going back!"
"Nothing new to say here - it's amazing! Best bbq in town, hands down! If you can get here early enough and stay cool while waiting (which they do great at trying to accommodate you) then it will be worth it all!!! 5 stars!"
"Beyond fantastic.  Got the sandwich with pork & sausage, topped with coleslaw and side of grits.  Everything was done to perfection and very nice and friendly staff. Make sure to go early because they were out of brisket.  A must try, definitely holds up to its 5-star rating"
I absolutely love this place. The line is definitely worth the wait. Food runs out quickly because it's so delicious. I can't say how pleased I am with this place.
"The hype is true! I showed up at this place with a co-worker at 10:30 am on a weekday, thinking most places open for lunch by 10:30. When we pulled into this little corner what you probably think of as industrial/strip club central we were surprised by a man wearing an orange vest directing us on where to park. He handed us a ticket for our place in line. Oh and by the way, Lil' Miss BBQ would not open until 11. But wait, they have shade canopies, a misting system and free bottles of water in ice chests. Maybe this would've be so bad. It wasn't. As soon as they opened, the line moved very quickly. Once inside we were asked if we wanted the wetter or dryer cut of meat. This beef was everything that BBQ should be. The sides were great as well. It's sometimes very difficult to find good BBQ, but this place is it!"
"Sooooooo good. I've been here twice and waited in line over 2 hours each time. Let me tell you, it was awesome!  Brisket, ribs, sausage, and cheese grits are where it's at. I wasn't a fan of the beans, but that isn't my thing anywhere. It's worth the wait. Make a drive out and give it a shot. It's that good."
"Truly fabulous BBQ.  The wait is also extraordinary, but not in a good way.  Expect at LEAST an hour even during the week- weekends are hell especially in the summer heat."
"Outstanding!!! Got the fatty brisket, pulled pork and sausage with Cole slaw and beans!  Want to go back again tomorrow to get their fatty brisket... it melts in your mouth!"
"Top notch.....food is phenomenal, get there early before they run out!  Next time I am in PHX.....a place to definitely visit again!!!!!"
"It's not as good as they say... IT'S BETTER!!! 

1142 reviews as I write this. I had the Jefe sandwich (silly me, pronounced hefe) I had to try it with the number of 5 star reviews. Worth the wait, it was minimal when I came. And definitely worth the visit.

Check it out you won't be disappointed"
"Unbelievable! What more can you say? Loved the lean brisket, grits, coleslaw and pecan pie. Friendly and informative brother-in-law (sorry I didn't get your name!), and Jerry the PR guy gave us extra special treatment since it was our first time there. Little Miss will not disappoint!"
"Hard to believe that a place could have this many reviews and maintain 5 stars but it's justified. This place is great. Only complaint is that if you're not here at least half an hour before the place opens, you're parking on the street in a pretty sketchy neighborhood. But that's just evidence of how good it is. I had the brisket sandwich and it was one of the best I've ever had, particularly when you add their sweet BBQ sauce. You may have to budget a good chunk of time to eat here but it's worth it."
"Without a doubt the best food in the greater Phoenix area. The food was absolutely incredible and melt in your mouth soft. The best BBQ I have ever had in my life, without the slightest of competition. I'm only upset that I didn't get more."
"Yum yum... nuff said. Brisket, ribs, sausage were all awesome. Coleslaw was fresh and clean, grits were some of the best in town"
"No need for a verbose review, Little Miss. Is simply the best Q available in Phx."
"Found this on yelp when I was in Phoenix on a layover the other day.  I figured with over 1400+ 5* Yelp reviews, they couldn't all be wrong.  It's a hole in the wall, but that's generally where you find the best BBQ anyway.  I haven't had better BBQ ever!  I can't wait to go back!"
"First off the food was good...I ordered a 2-meat platter with Brisket and Pastrami.  The pastrami was a bit over fattened yet the brisket was fall-apart cooked.  Served cafeteria style you would think the line would move quickly.  We go there at 1030am for 11am opening and the line was already 25 people deep.  Some 45 minutes later we were up to the serving counter.  The question is whether it was worth the wait...I dont know, I probably wouldnt dedicate that much time to a line again as there are almost as good Que nearby without the lines outside.  Why did we go so early?  They have a small smoker so they sell-out everyday often not making it through lunch.

So decent Que but take away the fatty pastrami and the long lines I think there's better places."
"This little gem will be found in an unlikely spot. You will miss it if you aren't looking for it. We stopped at about 1:30 in the afternoon. There were no ribs available, which was what I wanted. So I went with the combo plate of pulled pork and beef brisket with sides of potato salad, and jalapeño cheese grits. The beef brisket was definitely the star. So delicious and tender! Pulled pork was pretty good. Potato salad was not my favorite. The potatoes were a bit firm, and wasn't the creamy southern type I grew up eating. But I must say the grits were delicious. Just enough pepper so as not to ruin the taste. They serve it with onions, pickles, and jalapeño peppers if you like. The BBQ sauces on the tables are good. Go for the spicy!!! Not a lot of heat like I expected, but more flavor than the House Sauce. You won't be disappointed. Give this place a try."
"The meat is amazing. Oh my God. It practically dissolves in your mouth. Brisket, ribs, and pulled pork are all amazing. The smoked pecan pie is excellent and worth sharing because you'll be stuffed from everything else."
"If there were more stars for a review I would rate them with it. Totally beat any expectations.

As if the Yelp reviews and a co-workers salivating wasn't enough to sell me on this place.. the aroma as you walk up to it, the people in line raving about it, seeing the pit smokers with all the goodies on it and the main man Denny taking the time to chat with us for a good bit sealed the deal! I already know I'll be back!"
"Phenomenal! The wait was long, but it was absolutely worth it! I had the brisket and the pulled pork and both were cooked perfectly and delicious. Get there early to make sure that you get to try all of the different meats because they sell out quickly. Be ready to wait an hour or more, but it was 100% worth it!"
"Brisket sandwich is fantastic, grits are very good.  They really know how to make bbq and keep you coming back!  Well worth the wait in my opinion."
"Best BBQ in AZ, I still have yet to find a better choice and I have eaten at many establishments throughout the valley.  The fatty brisket and beans are a must, but you can't go wrong with anything.  The lamb neck is amazing, rich and flavorful along with there gigantic beef ribs (those are one day a week specials).

Long lines but so worth the wait, go if you haven't been, you will not regret your decision with this Texas style BBQ joint."
"Best BBQ in the world!! I am not kidding. That's saying a lot, because I don't even LIKE BBQ normally as I find it too sweet. I went around 1pm on a weekday and the line was relatively short, thank goodness. I'd heard once they sell out of their food, they close so I was glad I came in time to get food. I'd heard nothing but good things from this place, and my roommate had been singing its praises since the day he went there. ""A lil bit pricey, but worth it!!"" he said. I was highly skeptical but once I tasted the food, my tune changed. I ordered pork ribs and a sausage and jalapeno-cheddar grits. OMG. It was amazing! The ribs were soft, juicy, and melt-in-your-mouth tender with DELICIOUS flavor! The sausage as well, wasn't overly salty, and was perfectly savory. I enjoyed the jalapeno-cheddar grits, best I'd tried in my life! I liked they had bread and pickles and jalapenos offered with your meal. The service I received was very warm, effusive, personable and pleasant. We were asked how our meal was by one of the staff and I couldn't stop gushing over how good everything tasted. All-in-all, I had a wonderful experience, my purse hurt a lil bit more that day but my tummy was EXTREMELY happy! Highly recommended for all BBQ lovers--in fact, it should be an absolute must-try for you if you enjoy BBQ! I can't wait to go back and try the other foods Lil Miss BBQ has to offer."
"This is hands down the best BBQ in the state.   It is about an hour wait,but so worth it.   Be warned, they run out of the fatty beef brisket first, but there are plenty of good items!    Get the Beef Short Rib!"
"We waited 1 hour in 100+ degree weather (under shade, misters, and adequately hydrated of course) one Saturday morning and expected to come out disappointed and thinking that it was all not worth it and that we would never do it again, but we were so wrong. It. was. great. Absolutely no regrets.

By the time we got to ordering, the fatty brisket ran out, but we were able to order one of everything else. The highlight was their beef ribs which was juicy, fatty, and just so flavorful. Turkey was unpopular in our group, but even then it was still very good.

Something noteworthy is that the owner who was cutting our meat paid close attention to the quality of what he was serving us. When he opened up a foil pack of pork ribs and saw that it was subpar, he told his staff it was not cooked right and to remove it. The staff really try to make your experience a positive one, and that was very nice.

I would come again despite the wait, but I'd also like to take advantage of their online ordering to use everyone's time more wisely."
"BEEF RIBS!!

I am a beef rib junkie and how a joint makes them forms my judgement of the place. Most of the time they are tough and chewy, and I end up looking and feeling like a surly teenager with braces with strands of food dangling from my teeth. Gross, right? But when beef ribs get the slow and low love, all those fibers and connective tissue break down into something meltingly awesome. Hello, Little Miss BBQ! 

My singular visit here was perfect.

* Arriving early enough for a choice parking spot, with shade!
* Being 3rd in the queue, and that ample wait time got me a tour of the smoking barrels from the owner's father, Denny, who is a sweetheart and helps tetris in all the cars throughout lunch service and hands out water to folks.
* Friendly hungry people all around, happy to be on the verge of feasting on delicious bbq. Not hangry people!
* Getting the first round of tasty brisket bits. 
* Fall off the bone tender beef ribs. BEEF RIBS!
* Plus pork ribs, lean brisket, fatty brisket, and jalapeno cheese grits.
* Fine leftovers to take home.
* Love that you can leave the beef rib bones in a special bin for doggie treats. 
* Good vibes from everyone working there. 
* Denny accepts hugs.

If you know you're going to get at least 5 pounds of meat days ahead of time, pre-order.   It'll be most helpful to everyone - the restaurant, yourself, and everyone else standing in a line that'll be that much shorter and able to order food that won't sell out quite so quickly. Keep in mind that 5 pounds of beef ribs is, like, 5 ribs and it'll cost you $100. But: beef ribs. BEEF RIBS!"
"FATTY brisket is the BEST and everyone should try it. The brisket is super juicy and yummy, I'm not even exaggerating. The brisket doesn't even need to be dipped in sauce, it's just that good on its own. I do however like the mustard bbq sauce though. I don't care much for the sides. All bbq comes with slices of white bread with a side of pickles and onions. My sister Pre ordered  about 7 pounds for this past Thanksgiving. I made sure to take about 2 pounds home for myself to eat the whole weekend. It was still good after reheating it in the microwave. I gave one star less ONLY because of the wait. Their customer service is great and they spend time with you but I just wished I didn't have to wait 1-1.5 hours for my bbq! The line moves suuuuuuper slow.(One of the reasons why I don't come more often.. and fatty brisket gets sold pretty fast) its best to come before they open.. I would say 1 hour before they open but that's still time waiting on bbq which sucks!"
"719 people have written before me. And it still has 5 stars. And I'm going to give it 5 more stars. The wait is long, but it is worth it. You know how much it is worth it? We drove 3 hours from Sierra Vista to try this place and we DO NOT REGRET THAT DRIVE. This was worth the drive. The wait is long. We got there at 10:15 and walked in the door at 1200 exact. IT IS WORTH THE WAIT."
This is a great place with a very long wait but well worth it. I really enjoyed the Texas brisket and turkey that I got there. Hands down the best barbecue I've ever had outside of New Jersey. Be ready to wait an hour for the food but like I said before it's well worth it.
"You've read the reviews, so now you ask yourself if it's worth checking this place out. If you like BBQ, I would highly recommend that you do. I've never had fatty brisket or jalapeño cheddar grits this moist and flavorful anywhere else in my life. I have only come one time, but we arrived at 10:30, and the parking lot filled up shortly after that. The owner's father does a great job serving as ambassador for the restaurant. He will direct you to parking spots, offer you cold water, and make you feel like a valued customer. On our visit, we did indeed have to wait an hour in line to get our food (see prior comment that we arrived at 10:30) but the food was worth the wait. There is a small amount of indoor seating, and a couple of picnic benches outside. You will notice however, that perhaps the reason for the long wait in line is because tons of people appear to be the errand mule for their office staffs. These workers (who apparently drew the short straw) wait in line, then order several pounds of meat to take back to work. It really slows the line down, so it would be great if the restaurant could ever create a separate line for those who want to get their food to go. As I sat in the dining area eating my sublime BBQ and listening to Johnny Cash sing ""Personal Jesus"" (by Depeche Mode) I knew I had crossed over into an alternate universe. The pecan pies, which, by the way, have the perfect size were great for topping off this great meal I had here.Try it out! I think you'll love it."
"THIS is some good barbecue!  It's not the location, in an industrial part of Phoenix.  It's not the building, a small, non-descript single story brick place.  It's the meat, slow smoked over wood coals, until it reaches smoky, juicy perfection.  

People have noticed.  I got there for lunch just before they opened at 11, and the parking lot was already full, doors closed, with a line outside the door.  I stood in line and smelled the barbecue for a good 40 minutes (on a Wednesday).  With that aroma in the air, I just couldn't leave, but I sure wouldn't want to see that line on a Saturday!

The owner was awesome, sharing a taste of smoked sausage and brisket with me as I got closer.  Brisket it is!  I paired it with a pork rib, beans and jalapeño grits.  Usually the sides at most barbecue joints aren't worth talking about, but these were excellent.  Beans were meaty with a little barbecue thrown in.  Normally you'd expect cornbread, rather than grits, but jalapeño cheddar grits were enticing, and darn good.

The pork ribs are Spareribs, not baby backs.  There was a little seasoning, and a long slow smoke which left the meat soft and juicy, and just ready to come off the bone with a little tug.  The star of the show, however, was the brisket.  You can get it fatty or lean.  I tried both, and they were excellent.  The brisket is seasoned with salt and pepper that's not overpowering, and a great smoke flavor.  Neither the smoke or the seasoning are too strong, so you can really taste the meat.  

Three flavors of barbecue sauce are available, but I don't think you need any.  Just savor the meat, smoke and seasoning.  Fantastic.  This was a great find in Phoenix, the kind of place I'd expect to find in Austin, Texas.  It's been discovered, so there's a wait, but don't let that scare you.  If you like barbecue, it's worth the effort."
"Sometimes there are no words... just groans of delight. We arrived about 12:20pm and stood in line under misters and in the shade (thank you VERY much!) for about 15 minutes. I would wait all day for this stuff!! First-timers here and we couldn't wait to try a few delicacies. The heady aroma of fresh smoky barbecue saturated my senses while waiting. Thanks for the ice cold water too. Onward - we tried the fatty brisket (yowza), the ribs (oh my), the pulled pork (a new favorite), and today's special pastrami (oh, yeah.) A couple of slices of white bread, a side of rich meaty beans, and their delicious house bbq sauce and we're set. I can't wait to revisit and wait in line again and again and again. BTW - by 1:00pm, they were just about out of a few things, so plan your wait-time accordingly. GO!"
"Came here because my boyfriend really wanted to try their brisket. I'm not usually a big BBQ person, but even I found it worth the wait. We tried the pulled pork, fatty brisket and pork ribs, all of it was delicious. Best BBQ I've had in my life. Their house BBQ sauce was amazing as well and everyone I encountered during my visit was extremely friendly and helpful. Can't wait to come back!"
"One of my good friends is a regular here and I've just been dying to try it. She knew the ins and outs and prepped me well in advance on the line/ wait times, parking, brisket, items selling out etc.

I knew this was ridiculously hyped up but I'll cut to the chase and say that little miss BBQ fully delivered. 

Full on family operation, smokey tender BBQ, decent offerings for sides,friendly engaging service. Probably the most I've shelled out for BBQ but it was worth it. 

As a first timer wanted to get a good taste of the menu: I got the 2 meat plate fatty brisket and pulled pork. I chose the jalapeño grits, beans, and added a $2 side of cole slaw to round out my plate. They added a few pickle chips, jalapeños and white onion and two slices of White bread, true to tradition. So so good. The house BBQ sauce was perfect- little bit spicier one was even better. 

The only thing that I didn't love... Someone waiting in line saving a spot for like 5 or 6 other people essentially cutting me and my friend and the other 15 people or so behind.. I would say that yes I am a super fair person and my greedy BBQ loving self feels like that's cutting the line and cheating!! You sure can't get away with that shit at Disneyland. If you want to enjoy the food high you receive from little miss BBQ you should have to wait in the line like everyone else patiently does. No cutting the line. Maybe that's just me!"
"Scott Holmes is not afraid to admit it but he is not only replicating Aaron Franklins but at times exceeding it. I have had both and what Little Miss BBQ is doing in Phoenix is teaching the rest of Az how to do BBQ, the best way, the central Texas way and now the Phoeneician way. The student is becoming the master. This is the best BBQ in the state, try the fatty brisket it will make you think of meat in whole different way. The sides are awesome, potato salad and jalapeño grits. The pulled pork sandwich and house sauce are amazing. You can't go wrong, heed the wait as it will take an hour or two."
"Overall, I'm very glad I moved away from Phoenix back to my hometown; I will, however, miss this world-class establishment. They have the. best. BBQ. you will ever have. I guarantee it. I've never had BBQ like this. Generally, I hate restaurants that have the kind of hype that Little Miss BBQ has because they almost never live up to the outrageous fanfare.

Not this time. I had some ribs and some brisket. Without a shadow of a doubt, both items were the best I've ever had. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone moist with the perfect seasonings and their sauce was so good, I'm pretty sure it's illegal. The brisket was more moist than brisket has business being, and was very tender and flavorful. Insane. Just insane. Finally, I had their cheesy jalapeno grits. Oh. My. God. I didn't think grits could taste like that. Get them. 

The service was fast, friendly, and efficient. They know what they're doing. Regardless, expect insane lines. They simply cannot get people in and out in a super-fast manner given the number of people that come on a daily basis. This is not a ding against them; it's simply impossible to serve that many people quickly.

Expect them to run out of things. They make a certain amount of each food item each day, and when they run out, they run out. That's it. Get there early if you want something specific to guarantee that you get it. Otherwise, there isn't a single thing on their menu that isn't outstanding. 

Don't let the hype sway you away from going here. It's absolutely justified. I've never had BBQ like this, and I'm not sure I ever will again unless I come back to Phoenix. So long, Little Miss. I will dearly miss you."
"Seriously the best brisket I've ever had. I've been to all the places in Texas, Memphis, and North Carolina.   This beats them hands down.  I don't like lines so I only go late on Fridays. They're all out of fatty brisket by then. Don't care.  Lean is fine and amazing."
"After a friend saw my checkin at Phoenix, he messaged me and told me I had to eat here before I went back to England! He did also mention that there may be a wait and some of the menu may not be available as they cook certain amount and when it's sold out it's sold out! 

Anyhow, after an hour Uber ride, I was at the Little Miss BBQ! There was a strong 30-40 people queue, however they had chairs scattered around, water station and the queueing took around 40 minutes, which wasnt that bad of a wait considering that this is ""the meat"" place to eat at! 

I was not decisive enough to select one meat so i asked the guys to do me a platter! I had Lean Brisket, Sausage, Turkey, Ribs, Pulled Pork! And i can comfortably state that the taste was 10/10! Every single meat was cooked to perfection! I could not find a single fault with the taste, texture, sauce of all the meats I tried! 

Price was around $40, which is in my opinion relatively reasonable considering you are getting amazing food, clean environment, taste, texture and looks are amazing! 

If I ever revisit Phoenix, I will definitely be back here! 

Thanks for the experience guys!"
Amazing! This is the best bbq I have ever had. If you are a foody or a bbq lover you have to check out this spot. You need to come early because it is a small establishments that fills up fast. But totally worth the wait. Different days have an added special so check put their page to se what day they ate cooking your favorite.
"Amazing place to get a big plate of heaven! Moist,meaty,jucie,crunchy,flavorful food at a great price,thank you!"
"Listen, yesterday I had thoughts of becoming a vegan.  After eating here today, those thoughts are as dead as the meat I'm eating as I'm typing this.  This is by the far the best place I've eaten at in years!!! I had the juicy brisket sandwich and I was blown away. I will definitely be back.  The wait is a Lil long but it's well worth it! Trust me."
"Excellent BBQ.  Only regret is I didn't get here early.  Only open from 11-4 and on the day I came, they ran out of a few items.  Will be back..."
"Easiest 30 minute wait for some serious finger licking good BBQ! I pulled up expecting long line or sold out of everything due to it was later in the day. I was greeted by member of team who told me they were in fact still open at few mins before closing and I could order. I walked in to sweet/smoky smell of mouth watering BBQ... I noticed right away that the hand written menu had few things marked out, SOLD OUT! I advised the guy behind the counter it was first visit and he explained that only thing he had left was smoked turkey and I could sample if I wanted.. I declined and opt for the ""El Hefe"" sandwich which is turkey with cole slaw with BBQ sauce... I could barely wait to get home and dive in... First bite! Yummy! I was in BBQ oasis for the first time in Phoenix... I finished the entire sandwich and made mental note to go back in future to try entire menu"
"I think I just found a new addition to my routine. Little Miss BBQ is everything that my buddy Zach said it was. Freaking amazing!  Brisket is definitely the way to go. Get the mix of lean and fatty.   Normally not a big fan of grits, but the jalapeño cheddar grits here is the real deal holyfield.  Potato salad is on point. I think I'm gonna have to take some to go for later. The waiting line is definitely worth it. Thanks Little Miss BBQ !  You've got some of the most legit bbq I've ever had. I'ma definitely comin' back.

UPDATE 2 months later:  I'm in Phoenix about every couple of months. This has definitely become a routine for me. Got to try everything on the menu. This trip, the chopped brisket and the sausage.  What can I say? The food here is always superior BBQ. Can't wait until my next trip."
"Dont know where all the 5 stars came from. Tried the ribs and brisket, ribs not much flavor to them. The brisket was ok ( u don't get much for the price) The grits delicious."
These boys know what's up! Get their early because every thing sells out when they open... I'm speaking from experience. But whatever you get it's s mouth watering. The owners so so sweet and make you feel more than welcome. If your in the area GO!
"It's all true. Every last review. Came in around 3 pm and all that was left was one order of lamb neck. Didn't really want it, but wasn't going to leave empty handed. It was incredible. I can't wait to try the bbq."
"Man down hand down BEST FUCKING bbq every man o man! Drove 6.5 hours from Oxnard,CA to Phoenix to check out this place and ill drive back again any time ! I had just bbq, I had cj's bbq, I had all the bbq spots in Ventura county and man this spots got tops it all ! Only suggest get there early and be drunk and ready to eat."
"Words cannot explain how amazing this place is... The brisket literally falls to pieces and does not need any sauce but the sauce is just as delicious! The pork ribs are something that the gods have gifted to us meer humans... This BBQ had changed my standards of BBQ! The beans, potato salad and pecan pie dessert are seriously the most delicious thing ever. 

This place is LIFE changing. Period."
"Real food, real BBQ, and top notch quality. I am overly impressed by all the food here. I got the sample platter with every meat as well as every single side item on the menu. 

I am going to start with the juicy fatty beef brisket. I never eat fat, but the fat on this fatty beef brisket is not your typical fat consistency and texture, it was a savory, flavorful glaze that melted right in your mouth. The fat belonged with the top notch quality protein, you do not want it off. I loved eating the fatty brisket with the beans. The brisket was so good that it did not call for any sauce, rather the baked beans complimented it perfectly. 

The sausage had the perfect crunch biting into it and had excellent consistency. The flavors were so savory and had a spicy after taste. They make the sausages there and add pork in them. I really enjoyed the grits with the sausage. I liked that the cheddar jalapeño grits had a slight spice to them from the jalapeños. They had a light cheddar flavor which was good because it was not over powering.

The turkey was beyond any turkey I have ever had. It was not only moist but it had a potent hickory taste. I never imagined that turkey can taste so good and have such a perfect smoky flavor.

The beef short ribs were so juicy and tender, falling right off the bone. The ribs were super flavorful and had the perfect smokiness.. 

No place in Arizona beats this place, they are definitely specialists in what they do. The owner and the staff made sure that our needs were meant and made sure our visit was the most satisfying.. The staffs friendliness was definitely a 5 star rating as well. The 2 hour wait in line was worth it. Next time I am bringing a chair to sit in though. It wasn't fun standing."
This is the best BBQ place nearby. Of course you should have enough patience but it's worth it. Fair price and delicious food.
"Luv this place! It is sooooooo worth the wait!!!
2nd time here and pleasantly pleased again! My Beef ribs were sooooo tender!! The most tender i ever had! The staff here was vey nice handing out samples and keeping everyone informed on the menu and whats left. Thanks for the Great Service and Good food! =)"
"As a girl from Texas, I have had some of the best brisket and BBQ this world has to offer. THIS IS THE BEST BBQ RESTAURANT IN THE COUNTRY. I have a hard time forming words with how great the food actually was. 

Yes there is a long wait, meh, once you try the food you will have forgotten you waited.

To start off..THEY HAVE BIG RED IN CANS! (if you know BBQ or TX then you get it)

The fatty brisket is juicy and tender. I had it both off the plate and on a piece of white bread. You have to get the brisket WITH FAT, because the fat gives extra flavor. If you are avoiding the fatty brisket because you are watching what you eat then you have no business in a BBQ joint. It defeats the purpose of the food and flavor. 

The pork ribs were delicious. My boyfriend picked up a rib and it just slid off the bone. Slid. off. the. bone! They were packed with flavor and just a little bit of smokey flavor that separates it from the competition. 

As far as sides go, I got the Cheddar Jalapeno Grits and Potato Salad. I could not stop eating the Potato Salad. It wasn't super creamy which takes away from the potatoes, it was divine.. The grits were very good, although with the weather in Phx and the misters that were on the patio the grits became slightly gelatinous. But that was only because i neglected them once I focused on the meat. 

The BBQ sauces were so good although the meat is juicy enough that you dont need too much of it. 

I loved that the owner would walk around asking how things were. He is such a nice guy who loves what he does which reflects in his food/these reviews. Service was so friendly and I was sure to shake the hand of the man who created such an fantastic establishment."
"Mmmmmm..... Worth the wait! I love the food here! This guy does it right! Luckily I went at the end of the afternoon and didn't have to wait too long. The brisket is so delicious!  I also had a sausage link and pulled pork and all were amazing. I spoke with the owner who works at the front and he told me that he never plans to become a chain restaurant which I thought was super unique and cool.  Fun place to check out, I highly recommend it!!"
"Thankfully they still had a few items left when I arrived at 3:00 PM. What a treat. The chopped brisket was awesome and I really enjoyed the sausage. Come on.... The cheesy jalapeño grits were perfect.  The sauce (s) were great too.  To top it off, I was welcomed with two great smiles when I arrived.  Can't wait to eat here again !!!  Bought the T shirt"
"Words cannot come close to describing this BBQ. Order the brisket, jalapeño cheddar grits (and I am a non grits eater) & smoked pecan pie. Endure the line -and you will be thanking yourself for listening to this Yelp review! The sauces are amazing but you really don't need the sauces! Beans are worthy too;) You're welcome!!!"
"I have eaten barbecue in at least 20 states, and I can honestly say that 
LMB makes the best brisket that I have ever, ever tasted. If you like barbecue, this is a Phoenix must!"
It was alright. It's hard to find good BBQ unless you cook it yourself. Decently priced and can do in a pinch for bbq.
"Little Miss BBQ is so good I was motivated to write this - my first Yelp review ever!

It is really that good.

I've been a Little Miss BBQ regular since the day they first opened back in February of 2014, averaging about one pilgrimage a week ever since.

I was introduced to it by a friend of mine who has won many awards at BBQ competitions - his brisket was an order of magnitude better than any other I had ever tasted (and I have tried literally every BBQ place in the Phoenix area and also many around Austin, Texas).

Little Miss BBQ's is even better than that.

Much better.

I have met many people from Texas waiting in line for Little Miss BBQ and then, after they finished eating, asked them what they thought.

When Texans come to Arizona for BBQ and are willing to admit that it is as good or better than anything they can get back home, you know its gotta be amazing.

And it is.

There are many places that can't live up to the hype - places that are good, but where you try to tone down your recommendation so that you don't set up friends for disappointment when their inflated expectations exceed the reality.

Little Miss BBQ is not one of those places.

No amount of praise can tamper the actual experience.

Little Miss BBQ is really that good.

The few Yelp reviews that are not five stars mostly complain about the length of the line - and do so with absolutely no self awareness that the line is long because it is worth it.

It is currently about a 45 minute to hour wait no matter when you get in line - so you might as well come early and get the best selection (everything is smoked overnight so it is fresh for each day - so when they are out, they are out).

Also, at some of the better BBQ places around Austin the lines can be well over a five hour wait - so we actually have it quite good in terms of how short the lines are (at least for now?!)

If you really can't wait in line, simply pull together a five pound minimum order and order it a few days in advance. If they have the capacity to accept your order (some days they can't as they are already at peak capacity), you can come early and skip the line.

But the line itself is not really an ordeal unless you choose to make it one - the people in line are a cross-section of some of the best people you will run into in Phoenix - say hello to your line neighbors and great conversation will usually result.

Over the past year it has been absolutely inspiring watching Scott and his family and the rest of his team build the business. Little Miss BBQ is getting better each and every day in hundreds of small (and big!) ways because the Little Miss BBQ team is always seeking to improve everything they do - and it shows.

With that said, be warned that the quality does vary on a day to day basis: On some days the BBQ is super awesome amazing. On other days it is amazingly super awesome. And on the rare off day, it is merely super awesome. ;)

While the sides are good and would probably be considered awesome at any other place. they pale in comparison with the incredible meat - and, while I encourage you to try them, I simply see that as a frivolous use of stomach capacity that could be much better dedicated to more meat.

The few reviews that complain about the sides are completely missing the point: this place is totally about the meat - it is so good that anything and everything else pales in comparison.

They have sandwiches and bread and such as well - but that too is a waste of valuable and limited stomach real estate, so I now simply order the meat by itself and skip everything else (except for some of the complementary sliced onions and pickles which are a nice addition).

The meats are so good you don't need any sauce, but, with that said, their sauces are also incredibly tasty (try combining their house and mustard sauces).

So, what to get?

1) Beef Short Ribs (currently only available on Fridays and Saturdays). Technically, Little Miss BBQ Fatty Brisket is the most tasty meat in the entire known universe - so it is theoretically impossible for the short ribs to be even better - but somehow they are.

2) Fatty Brisket. Must get. Must get more. 'nuff said.

3) Pulled Pork. Initially I wasn't a fan, but it gets better every time I try it.

4) Turkey (think of the best Thanksgiving turkey you have ever had - this is way better...)

5) Pecan Pie. Once you have stuffed yourself with meat and have zero stomach space left, somehow there is always room for some of their incredibly tasty Pecan Pie! It is really that good.

I've tried everything on their menu multiple times and now tend to stick with the big 4 above, but other people rave about the Pastrami (currently only available on Thursdays), the Pork Ribs, and the Sausage. All are definitely worth trying.

If you can only get one thing, get the Fatty Brisket. But if you are there on a Friday or Saturday, get a Beef Short Rib too.

You will be happy."
Yum.  Everything I have tried is amazing.  Get there early though because they do sell out of the most popular goodies.  Be ready to wait in line too.  The demand is high for their fantastic barbecue.
"Love, this place!  Fatty brisket is the best, but come early enough to make sure you get some."
"Amazing brisket! Best in phoenix, seriously in a league of their own. I had half lean and half fatty brisket, both were melt in your mouth delicious but the fatty had more flavor. The jalapeno grits and pecan pie are a must as well. Some of the meats are only available on certain days like the beef ribs and pastrami, check their website. During lunch hour they are packed, expect to wait 20 minutes but if you show up at 2pm it should be a lot quicker, either way it's worth it. Another option is to pre-order for pickup between 10:15am and 10:45am but i think there is a minimum of 5lbs and need to order 48hrs in advance; great way to cater your next family or work get together :)

Tuesday - Saturday 11:00 am - 4:00 pm or until sold out
http://www.littlemissbbq.com/"
"The owners Dad was babysitting the slow smoked meats outside during lunchtime, and we were lucky enough to get to sit and chat with him during our visit. 

Throughout our conversation we learned that this little BBQ joint is a labor of love, not profits. They want to put the best product out there. Their joy, comes from our joy, as we sink our teeth into their melt in your mouth meats. 

When we entered they asked if it was our first time. They welcomed us and thanked us for patronizing them and then they gave us a bit of fatty and non fatty brisket to sample. Our faces lit up when we bit into that brisket. 

The brisket was ridiculously tender. Go with the fatty cut! If you are trying to eat healthy this is not the time to do it. Save those calories for later. The fatty cut had so much more depth. It was a party in the mouth whereas the lean cut was just a nice intimate gathering of friends. Both were good, but the fatty cut was outstanding! 

We were also lucky enough to get a sample of their house made sausage. It was one of the juiciest sausages I've ever sunk my teeth into and the seasoning level was spot on. 

There is room for improvement with the side dishes. You can tell that the meat products are the specialty and the side dishes are a project in the works. We were expecting an explosion of depth and flavor with the beans when we discovered that leftover bits of brisket were placed in the pot to stew with them but, alas, they greatly disappointed.

Come for the meats! Smoked with oak, prepared with care. It's a family affair and they will welcome you with open arms."
Who wouldn't give 5 stars?? People are just crazy about little miss BBQ. I remember a couple years ago it only took me 15 minutes to get my order but today it took me 2 hours!! Definitely the longest wait I have ever had in Arizona. But totally worth it. My personal favorites are beef ribs and pork ribs. Brisket is awesome too!
"The real deal. Go with appropriate expectations. There will be a LONG line. They WILL run out of food. If you know what real Texas BBQ is supposed to be like, then you have found the closest thing to it anywhere."
"So I'm from a city famous for BBQ (Saint Louis), and I must say this place is awesome. It's unbelievably packed, so I'd arrive early. The pulled pork is the best. The smoky flavor is excellent and falls apart. The spicy BBQ sauce is definitely homemade and has a good kick to it."
"There's a reason why there's a hugeass line for this place.  I don't know if there's ever a good time to come.  If you come early, apparently the lines are extremely long.  If you come later, the wait gets a little bit better (I came later, but trust me, the line was still long), but then they run out of food!  Food is delicious, but I don't know if it's worth the trip here if you have to either wait in a longass line or run the risk of having your order run out.  

We had the brisket and sausage.  Sausage was good, but it was really the brisket that shined.  I think we had lean brisket because fatty brisket ran out (which is what I wanted), but it was still melt-in-your-mouth goodness.  I can only imagine how good the fatty brisket was.  Definitely order the cheese jalapeno grits and coleslaw for your sides.  Both were winners.  The coleslaw in particular was great with the meat because the meat was really salty.

Dog tip:  doggy friendly in the outdoor benches"
"First off this is my favorite BBQ place in the Phoenix area! Scott has the key ingredients not only for great BBQ but great employees!  Everybody is super friendly and Scott the owner is great. He takes the time to talk people before they open and genuinely likes talking to people. This is not your average bbq joint, if you don't get there early then be prepared to stand in line for a bit. All the meats are cut right when you order them not precut for fast service. By doing this it helps keep the meat juicy and oh so tender! Mmmmm sorry my mouth is watering thinking about the Brisket!  

I've had everything on the menu including there jalapeño cheddar grits. With that being said I don't like grits, but Scott has made his so good. Not to hot just a hint of jalapeño and cheddar but oh so good!

So don't take my work for it go give them a try and you will not be disappointed.  Just go early or right when they open or they just might run out!"
"This place is seriously awesome. I'm a BBQ lover and I'm pretty critical of BBQ places. (I'm sure I have a few reviews complaining about bad BBQ lol). However, with this place, I tried long and hard to find something they could improve and couldn't find it. The brisket is amazing, probably the best brisket you can get at a restaurant in Arizona. Seriously, go try this place now because it's going to be on the Food Network someday and you can then brag to your friends that you've already been there. It's pretty busy, so be ready for a line. Also, be careful not to get there too late, because they sell out just about every day. Just do it, it's worth the wait. Trust me! Try the brisket if it's available. However, I've heard everything is good there. I honestly can't wait to find time to go back and try something else!"
Wow oh wow where do I start I have been to TX to Memphis and California and this is some of the best brisket I have ever had I can see why it's rated number 1 in Phoenix.
"We go there at 11:00 on a Thursday morning.  By then almost every parking place was taken, but there was a helpful guy in the parking lot to direct us to a spot and to safely park.  Then we waited almost 1.5 hours to get in.  It's tiny inside, but we were lucky enough to snag a table for the five of us.  By then all the pastrami (Thursday special) was gone.  So bad experience, right?  Nope, it was all worth the wait.  This is far and away the best BBQ I've ever had.  I ordered a two-meat plate (sausage and brisket).  The home-made sausage was incredible and the brisket (fattish) was as tender as I've ever had and absolutely delicious.  I could cut it with the side of my plastic fork.  I got to taste the pulled pork, which was also amazing.  Our diners who got ribs raved about them.  Even the sides were great.  The coleslaw was crisp and light and the red-potato salad was al dente and light.

I can't comment on the bbq sauce.  Normally, I slather it on.  The meats were so delicious that I didn't even think about sauce until it was too late."
"Fatty brisket. Fatty brisket. Fatty brisket. Get there before they run out of fatty brisket. Everything else is awesome, too. But fatty brisket. The best thing I have ever had in my mouth. 

And they are super nice, too. Total family joint, completely comfortable. 

But be prepared to wait. Outside. A long time. But DO NOT let that stop you. Because fatty brisket. Go. Now. Trust me."
"This place has the best bbq I have ever had.   The fatty brisket is amazing the pork ribs amazing.   Have to try their beans and cheddar grits oh my God!!!   Also had the coleslaw which went with the bbq.  Best place in town.   I found this place on my last day at Phoenix.  I regret I didn't find this place earlier.  Get there early like 30 to 45 minutes before the place opens, the line gets long and there won't be any parking but trust me it is worth the wait.   TRUST ME!!!!    THEY WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE ON SMOKED BBQ.    I'm done.... do wat you will people.  I have said my peace."
YOU MUST TRY !!!!! I really wish it would have been on my plate long enough to take a picture.... ABSOLUTELY BEST BBQ Iv ever tasted in my life. Melt in ur mouth good. My wife's comfort food after any big surgery it puts us both in a happy place. Thank you little Miss BBQ !!!!
"Thankfully they still had a few items left when I arrived at 3:00 PM. What a treat. The chopped brisket was awesome and I really enjoyed the sausage. Come on.... The cheesy jalapeño grits were perfect.  The sauce (s) were great too.  To top it off, I was welcomed with two great smiles when I arrived.  Can't wait to eat here again !!!"
"Ladies and gentlemen brace yourselves for the most glorious barbecue you have ever tried on planet earth. There is a reason why this place has over 1000 reviews and still holds an average of five star because it is incredible. This food is so good it would turn a vegan into a barbaric meat eater. Yeah I went there. Don't believe me go there and try it yourself, then you will understand."
"I've eaten here once, and will go back, if only to try the sliced brisket.  I got there at 3 and knew they could be out of it, and they were, so I had to settle for the chopped, which was good, tasty, moist, smoky.  I also had a single rib bone and it was terrific, I will get that again for sure!  The dining environment is pretty shabby inside, with flies, and not very cool in summer heat.

There is no condiment bar; they ask you when you order if you want jalapeños and pickles and if yes, they put a few on your plate.

What was really irritating was that one of the owners was at the register and the guy in front of me must have been a local VIP, 'cause the owner was chatting him up something fierce, offering extra this and that - while the rest of us in line whose food was plated up had to wait - while our food cooled off.  Pretty rude I thought."
Little Miss BBQ is the best place to get marvelous BBQ! The meat was perfectly cooked the way I asked! They were all very professional and had splendid customer services to all customers! I will continue to go there because of the food and impressive customer service!
"Yes, the hype is true. Best bbq that I have had.  Brisket is amazing and melts in your mouth.  Pork ribs were juicy and full of meat.  The sides were jalapeno grits and baked beans.  They were both up to snuff as well.

Get there as soon as you can but be ready for a wait.  It is worth it though."
This is the most amazing brisket I've ever had!! The line is long but well worth the wait!
"This place is just great. We were in Phoenix for the day, so I convinced the family to try it out. So glad we got there before anything sold out. I got the sausage & brisket to share with my kids. It comes with 2 sides, so I ordered the beans and grits. They were all delicious. Meat was very flavorful and moist. I also tried my husband's pulled pork (which may have been my favorite), and they even gave us a few rib pieces for my girls to share. While we were eating outside, the friendly man that helps in the tiny parking lot gave us a small pecan pie. It was delicious. The crust was perfectly flaky and tender. We'll definitely be going back next time we're in town, if we can time it right!"
"Awesome. I come here all the time, I love everything on the menu. 
Definitely try this place if you're looking for good BBQ!"
On a mini vacay to Az in August my friends and I happened to drop by for a quick Lunch but boy were we in for a treat! Finger licking good is an understatement to describe the barbecued meat @Little Miss BBQ. The prices are affordable and the staff was pleasant. I'm actually craving a meal right now as i post this review lol.. I'd definitely recommend you grab a bite.. it's really good!
The best in phx!  If you want some great Bar-B-Q -get there early (before 11am).  Best idea - order online.
"Location & Aesthetics - Located in Tempe just adjacent to the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.  
Parking is limited.  I wouldn't advice parking on the street besides I don't even think you could as the road is busy with traffic.  Parking is limited as the lot is small and gets filled up quickly.  This is a popular joint and many people come from all over to eat here.  If the parking lot is filled, my suggestion would be to park in surrounding businesses parking lots but only on the weekend as I did.  When I did so, the businesses were closed and their lots were empty except some of the restaurants customers had also parked in the lots as well.  
When you arrive, there's a staff member who directs traffic in the parking lot and will let you know what's finished and what isn't.  That's right, you heard me correctly, if you don't get there early enough, their meats will finish which I hadn't known.  
More often than not, when you arrive you will encounter a line unless you ordered your food online and just came by to pick it up. 
Be forewarned, the line moves snail-pace slow as there's only 1 carving station so be prepared to spend some time in the line.  Thankfully there's chairs to sit if you're in line and there's free bottles of water.  I even saw a bottle of sunscreen though I wasn't sure if that was for everyone or if someone left it there by mistake.

Menu - Unfortunately there aren't any menus available to view but you can see what's available online.  Alternatively you can ask the gentleman who's directing traffic and he'll take you out of the line and let you go inside and take a pic of the menu with your phone as I saw someone did who was in front of me.  You can order your meats by the pound, by the plate, or by sandwich which is basically it.

Service - The staff was spectacularly nice, friendly, warm and welcoming.  There's 3 behind the counter - the carver who individually cuts the meat and weighs it for you, a guy who serves you the sides, and the cashier.  There's another guy who walked around with an apron that looked like the cook so I assumed he must've owned the place.
You can eat inside which is small or outside that has long picnic like tables.

Food - Now, despite the fact that the meats do run out because from what the guy who was walking said (the one with the apron), he only cooks 'x' amount of meat a day and don't reheat so when it runs out that's it, but I have to say it's really worth the wait in line.  By the time I got to the counter, there was only brisket and turkey for my 2-meat plate combo.  
The brisket is melt-in-your-mouth good!  The turkey was juicy, tasty, and very well seasoned.  
My sides - baked beans which has a little bit of kick to it, well seasoned with meat in it.  My next side - cole slaw - vegetables were crunchy and seasoned well and it wasn't too sweet or tangy.
You can also get as a free option to adorn your plate - pickles, onions, and 2 slices of bread.

Definitely will be coming back here for more of their meats that ran out, e.g. the sausage, the pork ribs, and the short ribs.  Guess next time I'll have to arrive a bit earlier!"
"I'll keep it short and sweet-hands down the best BBQ in Arizona!  Everyone who works this is so nice and friendly.  They take their time with you and don't rush you at all.  TIPS: get the brisket, pastrami, sausage and jalapeño cheesy grits, get there by 10:30 if you want a parking spot and wear comfortable shoes-you'll be waiting a while (more than an hour most days)."
"Best barbecue I've ever had.  Be prepared to wait 90 minutes though, this is probably a do once-in-your-lifetime thing for me."
"If you haven't tried it, bring your bottle of water (you're going to need it while you wait in line) and come on down. The food is worth the wait. Get there early (say 11am) if you want to make sure you get food and don't want too long. Once the food is gone for the day, you're out of luck!"
"There are no words to explain how amazing the bbq, sides, staff and owners are.  Little Miss BBQ is hands down the best bbq I've ever had.  Thank you Scott for doing what you do.  Oh and Happy Birthday for the 7th time!"
Waited in line for 1.5 hours but it was worth it. I have to say this is the best BBQ in Phoenix.
"The best bbq I've ever tasted. The brisket is juicy and melts in my mouth.  The spicy bbq sauce just makes it all gloriously come together.   The sides are good and pecan pie is deelish. But that BBQ, Damn!!!!"
"If I could give this place 4.5 stars I would. Although the staff is amazing it's the wait time that makes this place slightly less than perfect.

I've been here twice, the first time we got in line at 10:15 (45 minutes before opening) where we sat down in chairs and enjoyed free water bottles and a sample of sausage. Shortly after 11 we had our full choice of menu items and were eating our food. They had their Nutella pumpkin pie at the time and it was to die for. And their lean brisket is the best I've ever had.

The second time we showed up slightly after noon and joined the long line. Occasionally a staff member would come down the line and announce what they were running low on or when they had run out of something. Close to two hours later we were inside and half of the meats were out and there were of course none of their famous pecan pies. I was lucky enough to get some of the last bit of chopped brisket. Although it was good it wasn't worth 2 hours of waiting for. If you're looking for really good chopped brisket I recommended Naked BBQ.

None of the sides that myself or my co-workers have tried have blown us away. I'd recommend sticking to the meat and the desserts.

A+ for the staff!"
You can't go to Phoenix and miss this place.  I haven't had BBQ this good in a very long time.  The brisket is to die for.  If you go to long after noon or 1 you may miss out.  You have to try Little Miss BBQ.   It is going to be your new favorite.
"Recently opened BBQ joint... and very delicious.
Lines are long, so get there early!

Between the 2 of us, we ordered the following:
- Pastrami
- Beef Brisket
- Pork Ribs

Enough for another meal.  Delicious!"
"What they said ... they sold out I'd most things and what was available was Amazing! We will come earlier next time!! I liked that they offered a few things complimentary. With the meats, and the service was nothing short of perfect. Friendly, genuine connections, happy people. Extremely attentive, sampling to the line, clearing the tables, following up with customers at their seat, explaining you could come back to get a pie directly to the register. I mean dream state service if you run a restaurant."
"I'm always a little skeptical when a place has all 5 stars... like the owner called up all of their friends and family and told them to give them 5 star Yelp reviews but Little Miss BBQ deserves every star. Plus surely they don't have over a thousand family members giving them reviews It's almost addicting, these flavors! I'm currently pregnant and my poor husband has probably driven the 20+ minute drive and stood in this line more times then he's wanted to, but I just love their food. When people visit Phoenix and want to know a restaurant that's a ""must"" this is where I tell them to go. Skip LoLo's, skip all the pizza places people tell you to go to and go here. It's worth it. They make it fresh and when they run out, then that's it, so get there early!"
"Had to check out why people would wait an hour plus to eat here, well my sister and I decided to take our 80 year old parents on a field trip to Little Miss BBQ and we waited 2 hours and 15 mins. First off this family owned restaurant is worth the wait if you love BBQ!  if your vegetarian then this is not the spot for you. LMB is run so smooth and as you wait you meet so really cool people.  You stand in line and once your inside you order at the counter (kind of like a cafeteria) you pay and sit your self inside or outside on the patio. The staff is amazing Ella is such a doll with great energy and you can tell she loves her job!  They make all the food for the day so when its gone its gone. Because we had 6 people and some items were sold out we ordered several items to share. The beef ribs had lots of meat, and the lean beef brisket was probably the best I have had, the beans are super good and unique the grits are super good and I would definitely order again.  We also had the pecan pie which is awesome!  Is it worth the wait YES!"
Best BBQ in the valley of the sun hands down! I just wish the wait wasn't as long.
"Yep now I know why everyone gives high marks for this restaurant. Been back and forth to Dallas and had BBQ there and they don't compare to little miss. 
A vendor brought in several meats and sides and **** they were delicious. 
If I could ever get there in time and early enough to stand in line I'll do it."
Great food! Wish they were open every day of the week.
"SERIOUS Line wait = * one star.  1.5 hours and we got here at 11:06am on Friday. Parking an issue too. Next time we come here we will arrive at 10:30am. They ran out of fatty brisket just as we got served at 12:40pm.  Tues. and Wed. seem to be less of a wait.  

*****AWESOME FOOD! = 5 stars!  Meat requires no sauce.  Great flavor!  We tried Fatty Brisket and pork ribs.  BRISKET was the best of all!  BEANS are amazing with add-ins of meat that make these an amazing side!  Wish they did MAC&CHEESE but the GRITS were a great side, cheesy and not too much kick.  Coleslaw was okay, nothing special. 

Owner's touch was great, but a little disturbing when he's greeting the line, you have to wonder if there's something more his talent can contribute to decreasing the wait.  GREAT GUY and makes an effort to engage with all clients = awesome! 

$43 for two.  Not cheap for lunch without alcohol.  

What could make this place even better:  
1.  Use the Pecan Lodge business model in Deep Ellum, Dallas TX.  They have a cashier take orders, clients sit and wait for fulfillment at pick up window.  You could have more people carving outside by the smokers to fulfill orders faster.  
2.  Line wait improvement is critical.  My son won't come back here again because of it, despite the quality of the food.  ""Not worth it"" to drive to this less-than-desirable neighborhood to stand outdoors and wait.  
3.  Parking needs to be improved.  Having clients wait in the suicide lane (median) for an opportunity to enter the lot (10-20min or more) is a HUGE liability!
4.  Blue Cheese coleslaw like LOCKHART SMOKEHOUSE in DALLAS would be amazing here!  Should be an easy copy to kick up the slaw to something more than average!"
"The best BBQ I've had in a long time! This place is amazing. Had the double meat plate with fatty brisket and pork ribs. Both were so good! Fatty brisket took the cake though. It was my first time here and I was quite intimidated by the long line stretching around the parking lot. Don't let that stop you, the line moves fairly quickly and trust me it's worth it. The staff were so kind and genuinely happy people. Definitely will be back."
"Wow.  Possibly the best BBQ that I have ever had, and I lived in Oklahoma for 8 years.  The chopped and sliced brisket were amazing - and the BBQ sauce was amazing as well.  Potato salad was decent, but I'm not the best judge of BBQ restaurant side dishes.  The smoked pecan pie was amazing as well.  Might have to wait in a line here, but it's well worth the wait!"
"Be prepared to wait, but they have misters and free bottles of water while you wait which is awesome as they care for their patrons. The butcher is awesome and takes great care of you. He won't give you the bad stuff and rather throw it away. Line seems short, but moves slowly due to once butcher. Must try and I waited an hour for my first visit. I would definitely come back if I'm in the area."
"Moving here from KC in 2000 I'm always looking for good BBQ (which has been hard to find). We tried Little Miss the other day and all I can say is...AWSOME!. It's the best I've had any where.

I had the ribs, brisket, beans, and cheesy grits. All a must try."
"I showed up nice and early, got a tour, and the Brisket was the best thing that has ever been in my mouth!!!!!"
"Hello to all my fellow foodies-

Like everyone else,after reading all the fabulous reviews I knew it was just a matter of time before I gave in and endured the hour wait(got there at 10:30) in the sweltering 110' summer temps to taste the BBQ that has been blowing up Yelp.

Owners dad, who I read such wonderful things about was there to greet us with a friendly smile and a bottle of water.

He chatted with us telling us about his son (the owner) who he apparently is so proud of! And telling us about the meats and sides.

We formed the line... Ticket in hand....Which runs the length of the smokers...needless to say gives off a TON of heat... Which in the winter I am sure is a welcome warmth... In summer it only made the wait hotter 

Of course we knew to expect that so we dealt with it just to taste the BBQ.

Finally!!! I was at the front of the line!!  

The owner was dishing up the grub giving samples of the perfectly seasoned sausage! 

Yum... Just a teaser... I tried the fatty brisket and pork rib combo... Yes... They are a bit overpriced for what you get, however... As I always say... I do t mind paying if the food warrants it..

In this case I am not sure.

My husband has the short ribs which were the special but could only be purchased by the pound.... $20.00!!!!

We took the food to go.

The fatty brisket was all outside pieces coated in a very salty rub which made it difficult to actually taste the meat as the rub was so overpowering!

The pork ribs where fall off the bone delish! The shortrib was also extremely juicy and flavorful!

The sides we chose were the BBQ beans which were amazing! They did not sit in a bath of liquid they were just the beans and yummy stuff in them

The cheesy jalapeño grits were also very good

I wish now I would have tried the pecan pie but the tab was already $40.00 for two people!!

Little Miss is definitely worth trying but be prepared for the lack of parking and long sweltering hot lines  and to spend a chunk of change.

I am sure we will come again... Sometime.... It is wonderful to see this family and their BBQ dream thrive!

They all seem to work their asses off to make the American Dream come true!!

I don't know how dad stands out in that sun all day but he is the highlight of the visit!!

So in closing....

Always remember to live one day at a time and enjoy!!

Bon Appetite'"
Absolutely amazing and wonderfully tasty. They make bbq great! Love their family platters.
"Some of the best BBQ and service i have ever had. The best beans I have ever tried hands down. I eat a lot of BBQ and beans people,.... try this place!"
"Man hands down to this BBQ place soooooo good. Everything falls off the bone and has so much flavor. Love the Spicy BBQ sauce. The beans with pull pork is really good. Brisket, oh man it's soooooooooo good if you haven't tried it you better it's worth it."
"Most amazing BBQ in Phoenix hands down. They are a little difficult to order from, but it's worth the hassle. They are a must have when you're in town visiting."
"My wife and I live in Southern California, but we make it a priority to come to Little Miss BBQ every time we visit Phoenix.  This is serious BBQ for serious BBQ lovers.  You gotta get there early.  There will be a line.  They sell until they run out.  It sounds like a hassle, but it's the opposite.  While you wait, you will be treated to drinking water, a few chairs, a tour and lesson on the process on request, a sample of the food or two.  You are also in line with the initiated.  You are part of a community of people that appreciate great BBQ.  You feel at home.  The staff is as friendly as can be.  You feel like you are a member of their extended family and it is clear that this is more than a business--it's a passion for every member of the team.   And I haven't even mentioned the food yet.  The brisket is everything you love about BBQ.  It's flawless.  The ribs, pulled pork and turkey are all far above average.  The unsung hero, however, is the sausage--it's made, in part, from the unsellable, leftover bits of brisket--but from it's humble start it transcends into the star of the show.  If you can't make it to Texas, you need to get yourself to Phoenix."
"All I have to say is WOW, the line might be 45 minutes but its well worth the wait. The staff are extremely friendly and the food quality is 6 stars to me. The brisket just melts you don't even need a knife. Their sauces are amazing with the pulled pork and sausages. I've been to Texas and had their BBQ, this place puts some of their spots in place. I would highly recommend you coming to this place with an appetite."
"This is literally the best bbq I have ever had. The line was long but totally worth the wait. I came here only because they were rated high and this place did not disappoint. they have turkey, sausage, brisket, pulled pork, pastrami and ribs. A friend and I got ribs and brisket and I have never had anything better. Sides we had were beans and grits and were both fantastic. Staff was very friendly and some of the nicest people I have met since I have been in Phoenix. The line moves kind of slow so keep that in mind, but you will have the best meal in phoenix if you wait. Expect to pay about $20 a head with drink and a dollar or two in the tip jar. Right near the airport so you could leave a couple hours early before a flight and enjoy a great meal before you go."
"Yes another 5 star review with a caveat.  I really wanted to downgrade to a 4 due to the long wait to get my food.  We arrived for the first time at 11:30 and waited 90 minutes before we got to the front of the line.  It took our driver 25 minutes just to get into the parking lot.  First thing I learned is that you must get there at 10:30am.  This assures you of having a choice of getting anything on the menu that day.  
While waiting in line, my mouth was salivating at what I was seeing.  Especially mouth watering were the Beef Ribs which looked like something out of the Flintstones.  They were humongous.  It is kind of fun because you meet new people in while waiting in line.  They all assured us it was worth the wait.  If you get there late they do run out of food.  Yes we were an hour into our wait when they came out and announced the beef ribs were all gone.  They do have misters and they do have free water while you wait.  When we got near the front of the line the friendly parking lot attendant came up to us and told us we were 18 minutes away from ecstasy.  He was right on.  
I could not figure what took so long until we got to the front of the line.  One carver and weigher.  He was let us sample the fatty brisket.  It was frikking awesome.  We ordered a pound of fatty brisket, the lean pastrami and 4 pork ribs.  When we ordered the ribs the carver looked at the ribs he was going to give us and decided they were not good enough and threw them away.  I stared in dis-belief.  I would have eaten what he threw away in a second.  It took us 90 minutes to get our food and 8 minutes to eat it.  All I heard was MMMMM, this is good.  The owner stopped by our table and gave us a little history.  That was the best barbecue I have ever had in my life and I can tell you way better than any barbecue I have eaten in Dallas."
"I know when I see a place rated this highly. I get a little unsure and it's just hard to believe but it's true. 
We waited a very long time for sure. And got kind of lucky we thought we would be early and waiting for them to open. We got there at 1040ish and it felt like we were late. 

I did pulled pork lean brisket and split the sausage with my wife who did a lean/fatty brisket plate. 
Fatty brisket is the way to go for sure. 
But
The sausage. It is a must as either part of your two meat plate or an add on. It was so amazing. 

We enjoyed the place a lot. 
Honestly we were hungry and if we had known how long we were waiting we probably would have gone somewhere else. But I'm glad we waited and I'm glad I got to try it while I was in town."
"5 STARS ON YELP?!?!? THIS PLACE MUST BE HEAVEN.... or so I thought... 

After reading so many good reviews on Yelp, I was SOOO excited to taste the BBQ since I have been craving it for awhile now. The actual indoor portion of the restaurant is pretty small so there is always a line outside the door. I went Friday at noon and the wait time was about an hour which was fine by me because it honestly me PUMPED because it made me believe ""dang, this place must be amazing."" Don't worry about the heat if at a hot day, they have fans outside to cool down the customers waiting in line along with some outdoor seating to eat once you get your food.

Let's start off with their service, 10/10 super nice and friendly staff. On a packed day, they have a staff member help guide you where to park since the spaces are limited. Also, while you are waiting in line, they update you constantly when a meat selection is no longer available due to them running out. I really appreciated that the staff was very upfront with you because I would be so angry if I waited for an hour to just be told once I finally get indoors that the meat that I wanted in particular was sold out. 


Now, when it comes to the food, it did not live up to the five stars hype for me personally. That being said, I am from California so the BBQ there may just got suite my palette. Because I was in Arizona for a few days and won't be back for a long time, I basically ordered the entire menu. 

Lean Brisket (they ran out of fatty brisket): visually, the lean brisket looked really good because the smoke ring was so clear. I was rather shocked when I ate the lean brisket because it was rather dry and did not have too much seasoning. 

Hot links: These were actually the best thing that I ate there. They were cooked perfectly with the right amount of spice.

Beef ribs: As any beef rib, it was massive. That was the only thing it had going for it though. It was lacking in flavor and was very pricey. 

Pork ribs: These ribs were very juicy... but lacked flavor... because of that, I had to add their custom BBQ sauce on it. TBH that didn't help much because I didn't like their BBQ sauce options either. 

Coleslaw/ BBQ beans: Very mediocre.

All in all, the service and staff were very friendly but I was expecting more from the meats and it did not meet the expectations."
Best BBQ ribs and brisket I have ever had.  We had about a 40 minute wait in line. We were rewarded with great service inside and found a table inside.  No exaggeration  the food was tops. We had two plates both with brisket and ribs. Our side items were grits and potato salad on one one plate and baked beans and potato salad on the other.
"If this place could put their food in the mail and send it to Seattle, I would order weekly!!!"
"As I write this review, I am eating a leftover beef short rib that I purchased last Friday (4 days ago). It is still tender, juicy, and delicious. 

This is the best barbecue that I've ever had in my life and I eat barbecue. My family owns a barbecue restaurant in East Texas so I grew up on barbecue to say the least. 

Until I came to Little Miss Barbecue, my favorite all-time brisket was Franklin's in Austin, TX. Little Miss Barbecue has changed my life."
The food is unreal. Waiting in line for an hour was worth it. We tried it all. The fatty brisket is out of this world. Everything on the menu is worth getting. The beans were my favorite side. Make sure you try all of the house sauces.
"Phenomenal! If ordering over 5 lbs of food, you can put in your order a week in advance.  Our work decided to use them as a catering company and the food was phenomenal.  I don't think I have used that term in any of my reviews, but we had the sampling of all meats and they were so flavorful by themselves.  I also tried their sauces and the sweet and sour one was delicious and although my co-workers loved the briscuit, my favorite was the sausage(keelbasa) and that just meant more for me.  Great food."
This place knows BBQ!!. The beef brisket is inanely tender along with their pulled pork sandwiches. Beware lunch time gets crazy there with extremely long lines. call ahead or go during off lunch hours for prompt service.
"This is hands down the best BBQ I've ever eaten.

People from work dragged me to Rudy's over this place because ""they know BBQ because they're from Texas.""  Sigh.  What a mistake.

Never miss a chance to skip your diet for a day and go to lil miss. But be sure to go early as the line is usually long."
From a chef perspective the science and technique is hands down on point here at Little Miss BBQ. It was great talking to chef Scott and watching his skills at work!!
"Been here 5 times now 3 times were really good and couple times the meat was off a little but that's the way it goes with bbq. I have lived in Austin so I have been able to have some of the best bbq in the country.  This place isnt quit Franklin BBQ but seems to be following the same business model. Even the sauces are in the same type containers. Summer will tell for this place as I would not want to wait in the heat that long. The owners seems to be very social media savvy, and are very nice and friendly. I would suggest that they not let people hold tabels without having food. I was there one day and some older lady sat at a table and her husband was about 20 deep outisde the building. If you go there and they are sold out try Texas BBQ House, they have very good Q too and you dont have to wait outside."
"ordered:
- 1/3 pound fatty brisket
- 1/4 pound pulled pork
- 1 sausage link
- 2 slices of bread
- 1 pecan pie
- bottled fanta

pros:
- the fatty brisket is one of the best things i've put in my mouth
- i would wait in line just for the smoked pecan pie
- customer service is top tier [they give you samples of sausage/ brisket, water and seats while you wait, counter guys are super friendly, and they have asked me how my meal is every time i've been there]

cons:
- hours of operation [please change to 24 hours a day, 7 days a week]

protip:
- go at least an hour early if you want prime position in line and a parking spot"
"Second time at this restaurant,, waited in line for 70 minutes, free water bottles given out.. Ordered pork ribs - great flavor, meaty, smoky, amazing! Orders cheese grits - so good, maybe the best I've ever eaten, just the right amount of spice and savory taste. 

Ordered fatty brisket - great flavor, just right amount of fat, only issue was the brisket seemed a little too dry and overdone. Mentioned to associate but he didn't seem to care or offer a  replacement.

Overall very good and worth the wait!"
"This place is so good. I wanted to find the best place to eat in Phoenix and damn, this place had some really good BBQ. 

I definitely got more than I could eat. I somehow thought I could get a plate with two different meats and two sides. Also an extra sausage. So somehow I ended up with a sausage, brisket and pulled pork. We had gotten a sample of the sausage and it was so good. YUM. The people before us got the last bit of the brisket so I got a new one. The guy cutting the meat also gave us some samples before we had to get the food. It was so fatty and tender. The pulled pork was delicious with the store's BBQ sauce too. 

I ended up getting the grits and potato salad. Grits were good, but the potato salad was AMAZING. I also ended up getting the pecan pie - I ate it the next day and it was still good. LOVE LOVE LOVE. 

Protip: I probably ended up getting there 45 mins beforehand. Definitely get there at least half an hour early to get at a decent place in line."
If heaven had a bbq restaurant thjs would be it. The brisket was amazingly tender and juicy and the ribs were perfect. The bbq sauce was a great compliment to both the brisket and ribs. Well worth the wait!
Brisket melts in your mouth. Sausage and pork ribs are to die for. Their house sauce is one of the best I have ever had. A+++++
Best Barbeque I ever had!!! Head and Shoulders above the rest as my lunch partner said!.... Awesome people running the place they couldn't have been any nicer or more accomadating.... This is just a truly spectacular place all the way around.
"Lived in AZ my whole life and this is hands down the best overall meal I have ever had. No joke. Brisket can not be put in words...turkey is mouthwatering....ribs are fall off the bone amazing and the list goes on and on and on. Owner and staff are as friendly as it comes. I have never seen a spot in AZ as popular as Little Miss. I would love to eat there everyday....oh wait I have this week. Only negative is my already high cholesterol is probably not improving, but that is what medication is for."
Okay so we just landed after flying for 6 hours from MA and we landed and stopped here because of Yelp reviews..........Let me tell you nooooooooo complaints and wish we could bath in the brisket and beans!!!!!! Delicious and what amazing customer service which is always 50% of why we return to restaurants. Thank you for kindness!!!!
"Deserves the good reviews. Excellent bbq, jalapeño cheddar grits are amazing and I don't even like jalapeños! Would definitely go there again, well worth the wait!"
Worth the hour to hour and a half wait brisket is incredibly tender. While the food is delicious the staff is equally friendly they don't mind talking to you about the process and history of the joint. As others have said they have shaded areas provide water bottles and sunscreen while you wait.
"We were driving across the country and happened to be coming through at lunch time. To be fair, we love BBQ and smoked meats and this place didn't disappoint.

It was not too crowded when we stopped and the gentleman working the smoker gave us the tour and even gave me some tips (I'm a beginning smoker at home).

My wife and I both had pulled pork and fatty brisket. Both were smoked to perfection - moist with great smoke flavor. I think I'd go with the leaner cut of brisket, which is also offered, but that's just personal choice. 

I had the beans (made with the juices of the brisket) and the coleslaw. My wife had the jalapeño grits. They were also fantastic.

Loved the ambience and the food. We felt very lucky to have not had the wait others have mentioned.

Highly recommend for real BBQ and brisket."
Best brisket on the planet.  If you eat the food here you'll never be able to eat barbecue any place else again so be careful.
"I don't know if I can add anything new other than what other yelpers are correct.

I bookmarked this place a while ago but the timing never worked.  Opportunity finally came last Friday when I had a flight coming home with arrival time 10:15am. 7 mins drive from the airport, it was the perfect opportunity for me to finally try here.

As all other reviewers said, the line is long.  My business partner arrived there around 20 mins before 11:00am and he already saw 30 people waiting in front of him.  When i got there 5 mins before 11:00am, there was no more parking.  I just sat there until someone leave.  Parking attendant is very nice, he gave me a bottle of water and helped me park in a very tight spot.

Yes the wait is long, but they do what they can to help you wait (bottle of waters, sun screen lotion, chairs, tents (shade)).....

As much as I don't like to stand in line, I will stand in line again to get brisket from here again.  I couldn't eat everything so I took some home.  The best leftover I took home (is what I was told)."
"There isn't much that I can say that hasn't already been said. Yes, it's amazing! Yes, your should eat here now! One thing that really surprised me was how friendly they were. I know it shouldn't be surprising that people are actually nice but it's quite common especially in a busy atmosphere for people to be somewhat impatient and try to get you in and out as quickly as possible but that wasn't the case at Little Miss BBQ. In fact, I felt like the rude one because when it came time for me to order, I already had it all recited in my head so I just started blurting it out once the guy behind the counter asked me how I was doing today lol"
Best bbq ever. Get there before they open or you run the chance of them running out in the first half hour of the brisket.  Parkng is tight and minimal so don't bring your truck/huge suv.
We discovered this place on yelp.  We used to wait in line for hours but now we just order the 5 pound minimum order and eat it all week.  We've also served it to guests for BBQ parties and it is always a hit!
"Best brisket in the world, sausage is made from trimmings of other bbq specialties, incredibly warm and friendly family who owns and operates the business, can't have higher praises. Small place = long lines when the food is this good, just deal with it people, it is so worth it."
"So I m in town for vacation. Came across this BBQ place on yelp.  I have to try it from the amount of review and the associated rating it gets.  Well, it is all true. This place is awesome. 
I was here on a Tuesday. Got here at 11:20.  There was a line here for 45 minutes.  I am thinking they can't be all wrong , right...
I have ordered pull pork, sausage, brisket, lean and fat, pulled brisket, ribs, with the side of bake beans and etc sides.
The 3 type of briskets I had. They are all awesome. First, the lean brisket, it is smoked to perfection. It is soft but not mushy. The flavor of the rub is sweet. But not overpowering.  The fat of the fatter cut is trimmed out. They are a softer tasting than the lean. It is awesome also.  The pulled brisket has the flavor of the rib mixed into the meat. I made taco with it at the hotel for breakfast. 
The rib is awesome also. I have a recipe for rib I cook at home. I always thought I make the best ribs.  This rivals it.
I could go on with the rest of the things I have. But, I am sure you can get that from other reviews that write much better than I. 
All I can say is come and see for yourself if you are in PHX."
Worth the wait in line. Soooooooo delicious. Jalapeño cheesy grits are the shiznit!!!
"In this time of hyperbole when words like ""awesome"" and ""amazing"" get thrown around like some much confetti, what can I say about this BBQ place to give you an idea of just how good it is?

Perhaps I lack the language skills to adequately paint the portrait of just how tender, flavorful and satisfying the BBQ (I had the brisket; flawless), the sides and the sauces are. Not to mention the service. Top it off with some pecan (pronounced, ""Pea-can"", Thank you very much) pie and you have excellent cause to make the pilgrimage to Phoenix to experience this for yourself!"
No words other than AMAZING.  The brisket melts in your mouth and turned my non-brisket loving friend into a believer in one bite.
"What can I say... my opinion is against the overwhelming trend, but hubby and I did not like our pork and brisket much at all!!! Pork was soft and watery/greasy. Hubby rarely likes any brisket yet he always gets it. Said this was not tender enough. Sides ok. Beware when ""everyone"" says a place is awesome, maybe you tend to expect too much. Anyways, it's just our (strong) opinion."
"The best BBQ you will find in Arizona, hands down (mouth happy and belly full). I consider myself a little bit of a BBQ snob having lived in Texas (brisket), family in Carolinas (hog), and worked in St Louis for the ribs. 

Location is in an industrial hood just south of the airport, but the restaurant is spotless and the staff is super friendly. When you been to the upper echelons of BBQ all over, this crew at Little Miss BBQ has done themselves proud."
"Normally waiting over two hours for lunch when you arrive 30 minutes before a place opens is a big NOPE, but this place is a big YES. 

First of all - complementary cold bottled water and sausage? Denny the super nice parking attendant?  Great first impression! Even my dad, who is the least patient person EVER made it through the wait, and I offered to leave and take them to Lucile's. 

I'm not quite sure why it takes so long because it seems like the four of us made it through the line inside (all with The Jefe sandwiches, sides, drinks and pecan pie) in just a few minutes.  There were even tables available inside, so everyone must be coming to get food to go. 

Regardless, the sausage is bomb. The brisket is bomb. I tasted my husband' pulled pork. Nom. My mom got sausage, ribs and more brisket to go.  All delish. We overheard the owner talking to another table about his inspiration being The Salt Lick in Austin.  In my opinion the main Salt Lick location is really beautiful (it IS cool walking up to all the smokers and seeing the meat hanging everywhere) and is a fun experience with live music, a winery etc. but the food is overrated. So disappointing. 

Little Miss BBQ is not overrated.  It's all about the food here.  What you see is what you get. The bad news? Sadly we are not likely to be back anytime soon.  While the food was out of this world, you just can't wait in line for over two hours everyday or every week. Hopefully someday he opens a new (bigger?) location and figures out how to get people in and out faster."
"That's right, as good as it gets. If you're ANYWHERE in the area...make the trip, go hungry, get in line, eat there, and talk to the owners. It's an experience.

We drove about thirty minutes down from Scottsdale and in retrospect, I think I'd be happy to WALK from Scottsdale.

The fatty brisket was the best brisket I've ever had...bar none. I've been to places all over the south, Texas, and the great lakes, and I've never tasted anything like this. A glorious mixture of salty, fatty, and smoked with just enough beef taste. The sausage was wonderful...spiced and smoked and sliced before your eyes. Great sides and tasty sauces. All for a very reasonable price. You emerge from the main building and do the stride of pride past the people waiting in the long line. What a feeling.

So, the food is amazing... what we didn't expect was the warm reception from everyone. Cook/host Indy and Scott's father are just the coolest dudes. That puts the place really over the top into something you'll rave about for years. It's one thing to make world class food for an affordable price...it's another to make it truly feel like that they're thrilled that you're there, and that's what they do."
Forget pictures and forget thinking about it. Just get your money and go stand in line!  Best BBQ I have ever had anywhere.
"I waited almost 3 hours and I went before opening. However they are really nice and have water mist to cool you down, and chairs intermittently as well as containers of water bottles. Also they constantly come by giving samples, so you don't die of starvation. Many people get huge trays of food to take home with them, but I got a little of everything. The Brisket was very impressive!!!! If you have the time, you should totally try it."
"The staff is down home friendly And, the food is very good. However, I don't think it was worth standing in line for 45 minutes. I am assuming that folks that are such huge fans of this BBQ have never been to Salisbury, NC, Memphis, Nashville or Kansas City. Good yes. Worth the price? Yes. Knock your socks off and can't wait to get back? No"
"Best BBQ I have ever had! Well worth the wait! We went on a Saturday morning and arrived at 10:15 (45 minutes before they open). There was already a long line, and the people in front had some large orders. As soon as we got to the counter, the owner offered us some meat right away since he knew we had been waiting for so long. 

If you have not been here, I would recommend it to anyone!!"
"WOW!!!!!  I have had so much BBQ in my life and from all over.  My Wife and I like to travel and find the best BBQ we can.  Naturally, we looked on Yelp and I was amazed to see the amount of reviews and the rating.  I figured there was no way the BBQ is as good as people are saying and to give it 5 stars?  But you know what?  It is 5 star worthy.  Ridiculously good BBQ and deserves the praise it gets.  Long lines might deter you, but this is absolutely worth it.  Get the fatty brisket and the sausage...  I'd wrestle a midget naked for this food."
"I didn't know I'd love barbecue before dining here today. Briskets are just right: not too lean, but too fat. Sausages and ribs are even more so. I was in line for over an hour and almost wanted to quit at one point. But I'm glad I didn't. This place I s definitely worth waiting for!"
This line was well worth it. Make sure you get there before it opens. Get some pie. Eat the best food in Az
"OMG! Best brisket in town! Came here with family and was not disappointed. I will say the wait was really bad, we must've waited for an hour and a half  before getting a table- which is hard when you have a 6 year old daughter! Our server was really great, although I could tell he was very busy and he did not stick around much to see if we were doing ok or to check in on us at all. But, when the food is THIS good, we weren't in need of much as everything was spot on! My daughter nibbled on some sides as they told us they didn't have a real kids menu, which ended up being fine. Overall, the service was alright but the food was so phenomenal I didn't notice. We will be coming back for sure when we are in the mood for BBQ."
Best. Barbecue. Ever! Super friendly staff and you get to bring home giant rib bones for your dogs. Can't wait to go back!
"To think that we almost didn't come here was absolute blasphemy.

When we drove into town from California on Saturday, we called them and were told it would be a two hour wait. We were too hungry to wait that long and didn't know that this place is closed on Sundays and Mondays. We were leaving Arizona on Tuesday afternoon and we just had to squeeze this place in because of all the great things we've heard about it. I'm so so so glad we made room to come here.

They are open Tuesday through Saturday 11am-4pm or until they run out (which I'm sure has happened before). There's an okay-sized parking lot but trust me when I say it will fill up extremely quickly. We came at 9:30am and there were only three cars in the parking lot and a couple people waiting in line. A lot of people started coming at 10am (an hour before they open) and by 10:15am the parking lot was full and there is a line around the parking lot.

The cool thing is they have chairs for you to sit on while you wait, a cover for shade, and water to stay hydrated. Even better was that when we were in line, we got to sample their sausage which was a delicious tease. And now onto the best part...

We ordered two plates with two sides. Our first plate was brisket with coleslaw and potato salad, and our second plate was pork ribs with coleslaw and jalapeno cheddar grits. We wanted to try the beef ribs but were told they only serve them on Saturdays. 

The brisket just melts in your mouth. It's so tender you don't even need a knife to cut through it. Everything we got was just delicious and the pecan pie was amazing and a must-have.

I don't know how I'd be feeling if I didn't get to come here but I'm so glad we did."
"Love this place. Fatty Brisket is amazing. AMAZING. I almost hesitate to recommend this place to people because the more people that go, the less fatty brisket there is for me! Enjoy!"
"I have been here a couple of times.  I don't live nearby, but I had some business in the area and stopped in after I was done.  This meant that it was later both times - 2:00 or 3:00.  They were out of some of the meats - to be expected if you server real BBQ.  But, I was able to get some good food each time.  The Jefe is great, I really like the brisket, and the the jalapeño cheddar grits are really tasty.  Unfortunately I have not tried the pecan pie as they were out, but I will try to get it the next time I am there.  One benefit of going later in the day - short lines.  There were only a few people ahead of me."
"Well I was lucky enough to try out this gem of a BBQ joint. All I can really say was WOW! Hands down the best BBQ in AZ. I've had BBQ at a lot if places throughout the south and in Texas and this is great BBQ!

Little Miss BBQ is located in an industrial area off of University. I'm real lucky that my buddy's mustang shop is located right down the street so this will dif not be my only time visiting.  

Once you park you are immediately hit with the smell of smoking meat.  Again WOW. I knew I was in for a great. We came around 1:15 in the afternoon and called before hand to see what they had left. They had brisket, pulled pork and sausage links. By the time I had called and arrived which was no more than 10 mins, they had sold out of the sausage. The employees, were super nice, later found out the owner actually was the one that cuts the meat. I ended up ordering a brisket sandwich with jalapeño grits.  Great sandwich, I topped it off with some BBQ sauce found on the table. 

Overall I was super impressed with Little Miss BBQ. I want to go back as so. As possible to try more of their meats. They sell out quickly...as other popular BBQ shacks do in Texas. I really wanted to try their turkey and pastrami next time. Listen to fellow Yelpers and get there early!!!"
I've been trying all the best BBQ restaurants in Arizona recently and I have to say this is the best one I've tried in my life. The brisket and especially the beef ribs are the best. I've never had brisket and beef ribs that were tender and moist to that extent. I was satisfied and will be a returning customer. Great service as well!
"I literally can't even with this place.  There are no words to describe how incredible the food is here.  I won't recommend anything because it's not fair to even think about discrediting anything on the menu.  If you aren't religious and don't believe in a higher being, then come here and experience the closest place to heaven on earth you'll ever be."
"This place was #10 on Yelp's Top 100 Places to Eat and it is a well deserved ranking.  We got there about 10 minutes before they opened, and could not enter the parking lot - they have limited parking and will only allow so many cars in at once.  Regardless, I got out while my husband went elsewhere with the car and waited in the already long line.  The wait was definitely long (I went on a Friday and waited for over an hour), but was well worth it.  The fatty brisket is the best - excellent crust and melt in your mouth goodness!  We preferred this over the lean brisket, but that was also good.  If you like spicy sausages try theirs, they were also very good.  The grits were my favorite side, cheesy and a little spicy with the added jalapenos.  My husband complained about the wait, but I met some great people in line, had my mouth watering watching all the lucky first people in line eating out on the picnic tables, and we had some of the best bbq ever!  I would definitely go back!"
"Hmm by far the best BBQ I have ever had in my life.  From start to beginning was amazing. Waiting outside 30 min before it opened and was greeted with water. When the doors opened one of the owners explained every meat to us and the best ones to try. Then walking in and greeted by the staff, and then came the meat. I challenge you to find somewhere else that has better BBQ, and the sauces they have will blow your mind."
"I am a certified master BBQ KCBS  judge. I flew in from St. Louis mo. Got to the site at 11:15 already packed. Waited two hours in line. The owner over sees all the carving and orders. I got sausage, pork, brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs. Total 163.00. Sat and very carefully judged each item. All were way above the norm. The pork ribs were the weakest. Over cooked and not very tasty,  needs a better rub. The sausage was moist and tasty but not worth 3.75 a link. The rest of the beef ribs, brisket were the best I've had out of computation. The fatty brisket was the BEST I have ever eaten but the lean was good too. It pays to start with prime cuts. The wait is part of the fun but a better service area would speed up the line. Also a carry out lint vs a eat in line would help. The space is cramped and will not stay in same space without buying adjacent building or lot. Run right this will be a gold mine for years to come."
"finally tried the place on wed. while waiting for my car to be serviced.  you need time to eat here.  45 min wait.  very simple place.  community tables outside.  couple of tables inside.  i had 2 meat plate.  brisket and sausage.  sides were jalapeno grits and beans.  both great. brisket was best i have ever had,  didn't need sauce, bur bar-b-que sauce was very good.  sausage was smoky and good, but i have had others just as good.  service was very friendly.  will certainly go back"
"The best bbq in AZ! Everyone is amazingly nice even the wonderful man who directs parking. Be prepared to wait in line for quite awhile but it's definitely worth it and they give you water while you're in line. I feel like this is the kind of experience everyone should have when it comes to good bbq. The line, the anticipation, the sweet smell of smoked meats, the drooling process while they cut your meat and put it on your plate. If you are impatient, you don't deserve food this good, however, if you have a health condition or serious reason as to why you cannot possibly wait in a line, the nice guy out front told us you can order online, as long as you get a minimum of five pounds of meat and you can come in before they open to get your bbq fix. Yes please! We will be doing this the next time we have people over. God bless Little Miss BBQ and the family owned and operated establishment that should inspire other business owners and put corporate restaurants to shame! Can't wait to come back on a Thursday for the pastrami!"
"One of a kind lunch experience. The brisket and fatty brisket, beans and grits are unforgettable."
Nothing bad to say! Exceptional taste and flavor! Unlimited stars is what I give this place. Brought some friends with me and they felt the same way! Try Little Miss Bbq once and your on the hook for life!!!
This place was so good. I am out here from LA. And I love me some good bbq. Everything is good you can't make a bad choice. The sides are good as well. And the people that work there  was awesome.  Good service well be back for sure. Come check them out they run out fast.
"This place is AMAZING!! Just go there!  But be early, they do sell out!  Such friendly people!!"
"Tasty and large portions!
Get the pecan pie for dessert too
Everyone was very polite and great vibes!"
"First time trying this place. It opened at 11 but there was already a line started by 10:30 when we got there. We had the brisket, pulled pork, a couple ribs and the pecan pie. The food was really good and staff is incredibly friendly. They even stopped by our table to say hi and check how things were."
"This place just does not make sense on just how good their food actually is. It is incredible. My wife and I will show up half an hour early and see that the wait is already looking half an hour to forty five minutes and think to ourselves ""Yeap that seems about right"". We are not even mad about the wait because the food is worth it. Two meat plate with fatty brisket, (pick a second meat, its all good), beans, cole slaw, and a mandatory Pecan Pie. We have been there quite a few times and it doesn't look like that is changing."
Amazing food! Fresh and great chef! If you want lunch show up early. The line had 10 people already at 10:30am. It's worth the wait.
"Made a late afternoon stop today and thought I was too late because there was no line. Much to my delight they still had ribs, brisket and turkey left.  Super friendly service.  Also ordered a smoked pecan pie that was fantastic, not a lot of smoke flavor but utterly delicious."
"I consider myself a BBQ snob having grown up in Kansas majority of my life, to say the least I was quite spoiled. Been in AZ for 8 years now and have always been in search of a solid BBQ joint. My search manifested nothing of my praise until now. Little Miss BBQ does it right with freshly smoked juicy tender meat, fall off the bone ribs, and great sauce (KC is all about the sauce.) The line can be cray, waited an hour and a half to get a giant plate, but it was damn worth it. Great job guys!"
Update is that the tangy mustard sauce is an awesome sleeper! This is what I call a little nod to Carolina style BBQ as it has a great flavor with a hint of vinegar. Perfect on the Jefe' that I woofed down today.
"Anybody that gave this place anything less than 5 stars is either goofy or vegan. Two things are guaranteed: you will wait in a very long line to get served and you will crawl out of there and try to find a cave to sleep your meat coma off. The fatty brisket is super rich and fork tender. Amazing. I sampled the sausage, excellent as well. Tasted the pulled pork, nah, I'm sure it was excellent, It was just over shadowed by the brisket. The 2 meat meal was $16 and I had enough left over for 3 meals. Top notch local establishment. Way to go LMB."
"great BBQ place. Waited for 1.5 hours but the employees made the wait much more bearable with complimentary ice water. The food, as you may guess, was amazing. My particular favorites were the turkey and the jalapeño cheese grits. The brisket and pulled pork were very good as well."
"We were traveling to Phoenix for a convention and decided our first stop would be Little Miss BBQ! We arrived just in time, within minutes of our arrival the menu was sold out. I ordered the pulled pork and chopped brisket sandwich with coleslaw and jalapeño cheddar grits! Amazing! Super delicious! My husband ordered a plate of pulled pork and brisket with ranch style beans and potato salad! He loved it! Thank you Little Miss BBQ for making our trip to Phoenix that much better!"
"Holy smokes. Quite literally.  
This is hands down the best BBQ I've evvvvver had (better than anything in Kansas City and even up there with good ol' Texan BBQ) 
The fatty brisket is magic. Get in line early (10:30am on a Saturday) to ensure you get some of that goodness. 
I had a Jefe sandwich- sausage and shredded brisket with coleslaw on top. It was out of this world. 
The meat is so perfectly smoked and just so dang tender. My husband had a brisket plate and he opted for the lean brisket. It was just as juicy and yummy. 
For sides we had the cheesy grits, potato salad, and beans. Everything was so absolutely splendid. 
Seriously though, get in line. It's intimidating and seems to last foreeever when you're hungry and smell amazing food waiting at the end of the line. But do it. Wait for it. It's so worth it."
We ate here for lunch. I thought the brisket was amazing. It was tender and flavorful. They certainly know how to do BBQ!
"OHHHEMMMGEEEEE! This place is AMAZING. It's a small joint with a wicked long line & the menu is awesome. Someone came out to notify of us what was still available on the menu and once we got into the door it was heavenly. The staff was sooooo polite and engaged with every single customer. They told us about each of the meats that we were interested in and how many each portion would serve. We ended up getting a few rounds of brisket, pork ribs, and a side of ranch beans and potato salad. I must say that the ribs were TO DIE FOR. The brisket was sooo amazing and was the most tenderest of meat I've had in quite sometime! I immediately called my mother to notify her of the competition she had when it came to BBQ! Little miss is definitely worth the wait. It's absolutely hands down the best barbecue in phoenix. Don't waste your time with famous daves, honey bears, dickeys, rudys or any other BBQ joint. This is a one stop shop! Not to mention the old school "" made with real sugar "" sodas they have!!  I realized that immediately after taking the food I didn't take a picture because I didn't have a free hand! I ate until it was completely gone! I'll be back for more and will make sure to snap a pic before I devour it!"
Ok so I hate standing in lines for anything let alone when I'm hungry but when it comes to good BBQ I can deal with it.  Nothing fancy just good meats and sides that really make you wanting more.  The portions are good sizes so it's hard to walk away feeling like you missed anything.  Also if your wanting a wide selection get here early because once they are out of an item it's done for the day. Staff very friendly and fun.
"*** CLOSE ON MONDAY AND SUNDAY!!! TUESDAY ~ SATURDAY 11 AM to 4 PM ONLY!!! ***

Now repeat after me - melt in your mouth, melt in your mouth, and melt in your mouth.

Little Miss BBQ is 50% of the reason why I even flew to Phoenix and their fatty briskets far exceeded my wildest imagination. Okay I have never been to Texas, but their fatty briskets are by far one of the best BBQ meat I have ever had.

On my last day in Phoenix I specially told my friends to come here as early as 10 AM (one hour before the shop even opens) because multiple Yelp reviews talked about the potential long wait. The moment our car drove into their somewhat small designated parking lot (enough for about 25 ~ 30 cars), the parking guy immediately gave us tickets for the line. We all sat at the picnic tables (with few self-served water stations) and began to form the line about 5 minutes before 11 AM. Each pole had a duck tape written with last three digits of your ticket number, so you will have to check your ticket number with the person before and after you. The staff gave a short introduction and we all did the countdown when the clock just about to hit 11 AM. The wait wasn't too bad because there was a mist system and the duck tape on each pole also estimated the wait time as the line moved slowly. While we were waiting, the parking staff had to turn away cars because the parking lot hit the max capacity. It was about 12 PM when it was our turn and the cutter even gave us a small sample of fatty brisket before we ordered!

Menu: You can either order meat by weight, sandwiches, or plate with two sides. Each plate comes with one meat option, but you can also pay more if you want TWO meat options instead. Meat option includes brisket (lean or fatty), chopped brisket, pulled pork, turkey, sausage, and pork rib. Beef short rib is not available as plate meal and can only be ordered by meat by weight. Sides include ranch style beans, jalapeno cheddar grits, potato salad, and coleslaw.

***

2 Meat Plate (fatty brisket and pork rib with coleslaw and potato salad, $15.75): Oh my goodness ... fatty brisket had melt in your mouth texture with minimal seasoning. I finished these brisket at a very slow pace and enjoyed these high quality brisket without any sauces. Pork rib was excellent too, but I still preferred fatty brisket. Coleslaw tasted pretty mild and slightly sweet. Potato salad had crunchy texture with slightly cucumber aftertaste. Both sides were decent, but nothing to really brag about.

Pecan Pie ($5) - Not just a normal pecan pie but a SMOKED pecan pie ... tasted a bit sweet, but overall it had a viscous texture from molasses. It was pretty decent, but it might be too sweet for some folks.

***

Worth the hype, worth the wait, and worth a visit! If someone writes a story about the best BBQ places in America and not include this place, then I will probably raise my eyebrow."
"All around an AMAZING experience ! The food , the service. True definition of customer service !"
"Best Bbq in Phoenix by far. The line was worth the wait and the food is to die for. I am born an raise in Phoenix,Arizona and for many years it was only Toms bbq or Honey Bears."
"The beef brisket was not only the best brisket I've ever had, but the best meat ever bbq'ed!! This place deserves all stars. However, I ordered the plate with the brisket and a few slices of turkey and a soda, it came to about $21.00. The amount was 'enough to eat, but not to have leftovers'. So will I be thinking about how great the food was? Absolutely. Will I be thinking twice before spending that amount again, at a bbq shack with paper plates, plastic silverware, and a few wooden benches outside? You betcha. Food 5 stars. Value 2 stars. Location 2 stars. Ambience 2 stars."
I got there too late and only could get the chopped brisket and sausage BUT they were fabulous. Everyone was nice. I had no line which tells you how late I was. Can't wait to get back to Phoenix to try some of the other delicacies!
"I've been going here since they opened before yelp & all the publicity  (which I'm so excited they're receiving). I receive the awesome welcome from the owner (& now large staff) every time I step foot in the place. I used to eat here 3 times a week before I changed work location but now I'm lucky if I go here once a month. The bbq here is top notch, I've never been to Texas to compare bbq but what I do know is that it's the best meal anyone can have. This is ""the last meal before I die"" type of place. I've tried everything on the menu but my usual is the two plate combo with fatty brisket & pork ribs. The brisket is consistently moist with a great smoke ring and the ribs so tender and juicy. The sides I go for are the cheddar jalapeño grits & potato salad. I take all my friends & family that visit the valley. This is a must place to eat in Phoenix!"
Not just the best BBQ in AZ.  This place along with Pecos Pit in Seattle is the best BBQ you'll find anywhere near the Pacific Ocean (not counting Hawaii).  Hard to find this dedication to true BBQ out here (and I'm talking to you all you pretenders)
"Some of the best BBQ I've had but the wait, location, and inconvenience of the whole experience really test your commitment to those slow cooked meats.  Ribs and sausage stood out as favorites.  In all honesty, though, I am perfectly content with Rudy's.  95% as good and 150% more convenient."
"OK,  First, going there at 11:00 for lunch is a waste of time..   You will find a line of at least 60 people waiting. to save time, show up there about 12:45   The BBQ is very good., the beef ribs to die for.  However the potato salad id nothing to write home about.  The potatoes were raw with very little sauce.  Having only one station cutting, serving the BBQ  makes for a long wait. They do one order at a time. They should have at least two cutting/serving stations.  the brisket sandwich is very good.  The three different sauces  are tasty.  I did not try the grits.  I would go back for the beef ribs and brisket sandwich."
"There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said before. I'm from Texas, and the highest compliment I can pay is that whenever we have family in from out of town, the first place they ask to go is Little Miss. Best barbecue ever, hands down."
"Don't let the industrial location throw you, this is some mighty fine eats! Probably the best BBQ I've ever had. And the sweet and tangy sauce I had with my brisket was to die for. The crew was friendly and helpful.  This place is a tiny hole in the wall joint that is a gold mine. Go early."
Perfect barbeque. Super friendly. I can't believe this place is for real. I feel like I stumbled upon a secret.
"This BBQ was well worth the 3 hour wait!!!! 

I am not a BBQ person whatsoever but being that my husband is huge BBQ fanatic (from TX) and has been here a few times.  He insisted that I try this place with him.  I was definitely hangry by the time we got to the front of the line and I devoured every single bite of this incredible food! I will definitely be going back in the near future.  And being that the other location will be opening soon (Sunnyslope), ""hopefully"" the line won't be as long."
"I was shocked when I saw a restaurant on Yelp with so many great reviews. I couldn't wait to give this place a try. They run out of meat, so I would suggest getting there earlier in the day if you want a particular meat or have a favorite. I decided to order the meat with two sides which were the chopped brisket with jalapeño grits and potato salad. This was my first time having brisket and I have to say it was delicious! It was very juicy and moist, I did not finish my whole plate (portion was huge). GO HERE!"
"We decided to stop by Little Miss BBQ before our flight and I think it's safe to say that was the best food decision we made during our trip to Arizona.

Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had! (TIP: come early!!!) By the time we got there, most of the meat was already sold out. Luckily the owner took pity on us and was kind enough to give us the last of the ribs. My favorites were the ribs and the chopped brisket while my aunt loved the turkey and sausage. All the meat was tender, juicy, and full of flavor.

The service was absolutely wonderful! While waiting in line we were offered water bottles as well as bones for any pups at home. We were also given samples of meat once inside. My aunt ended up loving the sauce so much she asked to buy a bottle and the owner himself carefully hand wrapped the sauce in layers of paper and foil to safely take in her check-in luggage.

If I'm ever in Phoenix again, these is no question that this will be my first stop! If you love BBQ, this place is a must try!"
"First time visiting little miss BBQ today. Got there about 25 minutes before they opened, and luckily got a parking spot in their lot as parking is very limited. They gave us tickets to hold our spots in line until it got closer to opening time. We were number 55 & 56 in line and it took about 50 minutes to get in the door. They offer complimentary water bottles which is great in this Az heat. I can't stress enough that ITS WORTH THE WAIT. I got the pastrami sandwich (only served on Thursday's) with a side of coleslaw. My husband got the brisket and turkey plate with potato salad and coleslaw. We also bought a few extra pounds of brisket and 2 smoked pecan pies (amazing) 
Everything was cooked perfectly and hands down, the best BBQ we've ever had. All 3 flavor sauces were delicious, not to mention ALL staff was friendly, helpful, and patient. Can't wait to go back!"
"Awesome Q, loved the brisket nice and juicy. Pulled pork is also good. Tried the cheesy grits and for not being a grits person I really enjoyed it."
"Ok, they have been open 1 month and I have been back 4 times! The Brisket is always the star but they also now have the Jalapeno Cheese Grits dialed in to a nice creamy texture with  fantastic flavor. The Pork ribs don't need sauce which is the way I like them. The house made sausage changes a bit but all I have tried were great. Little Miss BBQ has the best Brisket in the Valley! Keep up the good work."
"We just got off from phoenix airport and feel hungry and we found this place, we got here at 11.30, they open at 11 am , but the line was already long. We waited about 80 mins, the staff was all friendly, the girl even brought us some sausage while waiting on the line. I love the brisket, so tender so delicious , love it . Worth the wait"
"went on a tuesday at 2:15. all they had left was the chopped brisket sandwich, sausage, beans and pecan pie. The sandwich and sausage got equal parts of the spicy and mustard bbq sauces. it was the best meal anyone ate in the entire world on september 25, 2017."
"Came up from Tucson to watch some roller derby and found some amazing BBQ. Generous portion of brisket on the sandwich. Fall off the bone ribs. The jalapeño cheddar grits have some kick, but tasty. The potato salad has a ""hi there, I'm pickle"" taste, however, it adds to it. Come early they were out of the pulled pork & the beans by 3!"
"I can't imagine it gets better than this. Yes the line is long. But over half of the people in line were repeat customers. If you are willing to wait 2+ hours for the same food, you know it has to be good!

The moist (fatty) brisket was to die for. Sublimely moist, with a deep yet mild smoky flavor (Red Oak I believe). The bark was thick and luxurious. The pork ribs were great, as was the sausage. But do not miss out on the Brisket. The sides were solid but not noteworthy. Don't forget a Smoked Pecan Pie to split!

I ended up buying roughly $200 (6-7 lbs, with sides and dessert) worth for our office. It was more than enough for 10. I was appreciative of the staff's efforts to make the process easy. There are water stations, they pass out samples, and they give you enough pickles, sauce, and white bread so your whole crew is taken care of!

My tip, plan ahead, it shouldn't be too hard to meet their pre-order requirements (5+ lbs, 7 days). Then you can avoid the line and dine in style!"
"Best BBQ I've had. EVER 
A bit of a wait but well worth it  
Got a few samples in line to help make up my mind. 1/2lb brisket (go fatty). 1/2lb pork. Top notch. Will visit again."
"Best BBQ I have ever had!! The brisket, the turkey, the sausage...gettin hungry just writing this review. What ever you choose you will not be disappointed. This will be on my list of places to eat every time I'm in Phoenix."
The BBQ is awesome and at such an awesome price. The only downfall is their sides. But I will for sure come back.
"This is, without a doubt, THE best BBQ I've had in Arizona. It's so hard to find good BBQ in this state, and Little Miss BBQ is known for it. We waited in line for two hours on a Saturday, but it was worth every minute. I will caution you though to get there early. They open at 11 and we got there at 11:15. There was already a sizable line that had formed and we were lucky to get the very last parking spot at the time. They are also known to run out of food in the afternoon so getting there early ensures you get what you want.

Seating is limited as well, but it will be absolutely worth it. Get there early and come hungry."
"Excellent fatty brisket!!  Worth the wait!  Glad I found this place via Yelp, 5 star reviews are true."
"I finally got a chance to go back when I was around the area. I went early this time & finally got some Fatty brisket!!! Waited in line for about an hr but it was totally worth the wait. The owner even came outside with samples of their smoked sausages. I was definitely sold by that sample & had to get some! The sausages had a great smokey flavor to them. the fatty brisket melts in your freaking mouth. there are no words that I could say that would amount up to how amazing that fatty brisket is. & the spicy bbq sauce tops it all off. 

When it gets hot outside, they turn on the misters! they provide complimentary cold waters while you wait in line outside & also have a few chairs lines up on the wall just in case you need to take a seat while waiting. This is the best BBQ spot in Phx, hands down."
"Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Tried to get in here once but didn't have the time (45 minute wait to get in).  This time went a little later after the lunch rush and got right in.  Pulled pork is the most tender I've had - melt in your mouth.  Fatty brisket is almost a religious experience.  Baked beans were very, very good - I think they use some brisket in them.  Also had the jalapeno cheddar cheese grits - super creamy and delicious.  Everyone was really nice and friendly.  I will absolutely be back."
"Yummy!!!!! I love a good BBQ. I went here with my friends because I heard the rave reviews. She got a two meat plate and I got a 2 meat plate. We shared and picked off of each others plates. I literally rolled out of there and could not eat another bite all day. The style is Texas BBQ. Ms. NY ( no, ""Get A Rope"" comments please)  and Az gal here was not sure I knew what that meant 100% but I found out it meant ""YUMMY!"" (with a capitol Y) and a slice of white bread on the side.  I was not sure I got the whole white bread thing but my friend said they do that in Texas. I was like, ""seriously, white bread huh, no wheat? Brawha! 

Anyway, the food is very good. The sausages are DA BOMB!!!!!! The brisket, was delicious as well. I know this is going to sound weird but they have the best Grits. They stuff them with cheese and Jalapenos. I could have just eaten a plate of those all day. YUMMERS! The sides were all standard yummy sides like Potato Salad, Beans, and Cole Slaw.  Of course don't forget about those grits too. I dream of those grits. (who knew this NY'er had some southern gal in her) The chili chocolate pudding was so delish too. I am getting into this new craze of chili's in chocolate. Well, maybe not so new since the tradition has been around for thousands of years. However, the way foodies are experimenting with the idea is so much fun! We literally cleaned the bowls out. And when I say, ""clean,"" we meant it. No need to wash those bowls. They are Throw Aways so no fear. We have no shame.  

All in all, if you love good BBQ stop by. Come early though since they sell out.

Oh yeah, the owners and the staff are the nicest people EVA. They love what they do and it shows. Another benefit, ""BUY LOCAL!"""
"Five stars all the way. I waited in line for 30 minutes but it was definitely worth the wait. I had the lean brisket, pork ribs, and two sides. Absolutely the most delicious BBQ I've tried anywhere.  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town."
Me and my sister come here all the time . love this place . Literally best bbq In Arizona . HANDS DOWN .
"Brisket
Sausage
Pecan pie
All good.  

Stop and get it on your way to the airport!"
"We're literally still here, our first time and we are in a meat, heaven coma! Everything is smoked to perfection and melts in your dang mouth. Not to many side options but the star of the show is truly the meats. Also worth mentioning the gentlemen working today are all so so kind. The meat smoker himself came table table to see how we were all doing. Come a little before they open or you may be in for a long wait, either way worth it!"
This is the best BBQ in Phoenix that I have come across. The food is amazing (they run out of brisket pretty fast but the ribs and pastrami will blown your mind too). I can't say enough about how nice and friendly the people are which is alone worth a revisit.
"I just waited in line for 1 hour to pay $55 for lunch and can't wait to do it again.

Fatty brisket - amazing! Next time I will get 2 pounds of this
brisket - good
pastrami - good
grits - good but a bit spicy
beans - swimming in meat, good
mustard BBQ sauce - good
house BBQ sauce - good
pickles - super spicy but good

To full to try the pecan pies I bought right now."
Incredible! Five stars is an understatement. My family and I arrived a little late so they were out of some stuff. However the chop brisket sandwich was amazing. Their food is amazing I'll will certainly be back and ready to get their early.
Don't be afraid of the line. It is well worth the wait. I had the pulled pork and lean brisket and didn't even need sauce. It was so juicy and tender. And then the pie what can I say? The best part of the meal. It was the best pie I've ever had. I will never be able to go to any other BBQ place and be satisfied ever again.
"Believe the hype! This place is legit. Food is amazing, customer service is awesome. I think every worker spoke to and checked on my husband and I at some point during our dining experience. But not in an annoying, leave us alone way; they all seemed to sincerely care that we were enjoying our meal and overall experience. 

You know it's good when the hours are Tuesday-Saturday 11-4 or until food is sold out! My husband's ribs literally fell off the bones. My pulled pork and brisket were perfect. Their three sauces were great but the meat was so flavorful you didn't even need them. All the side dishes we tried (coleslaw, jalapeño grits, and beans) were delicious. Portions were great and filling. 

Definitely a must try spot! We'll be returning and bringing our out of town friends with us."
"Finally decided to visit Little Miss BBQ after years of hearing about it from coworkers and friends. 
After spending over an hour in line for the chance to try what I was lead to believe would be a transcendental meal, I was let down.
People flock here from far away. In fact, I saw people waiting in line who had luggage with them as if they had just come straight from the airport just to get some food from here, but I was just not impressed. 
The reason I am going with a three star review, instead of a two star, even though I have had better BBQ elsewhere is because my expectations are not the fault of the restaurant or its employees, and their customer service was absolutely outstanding.
My order consisted of the following:
Lean Brisket which, while good, was dry and pretty bland.
Pulled Pork, juicier and a more flavorful than the brisket, but still nothing better than I've had at other places.
Sausage, which was quite a hefty portion, juicy and quite flavorful.
The beans, which were underwhelming.
As for their ""Spicy"" BBQ sauce, it was ok, but not nearly hot enough to earn the qualifier of ""Spicy"". 
The highlight of my meal was the side order of cheesy jalapeño grits, I had never had grits before, and they were quite tasty.
I cannot emphasize how much I appreciated their customer service. We had a gentleman come out and provide constant updates as to how much of each food item was left as they tend to run out quite quickly, the person carving the meats was smiling and engaging with the people in line and the cashier was also very cheerful and welcoming.
I am glad I paid them a visit as I needed to try their BBQ for myself and would probably eat here more frequently with readjusted expectations if their wait time was shorter."
"Can I say it's THE BEST BBQ I've ever had, easily! The pulled pork is super tender and delicious. I love the variety of sauces they have. I always go for the hot BBQ. The homemade sausage is everything  I could ever want in life. It's seriously life changing. I also tried the fatty brisket that the hubs ordered...it was really good but I prefer the regular to lean brisket but absolutely amazing in it's own right. 

Now, I've never had the opportunity to visit the actual spot and experience the long lines due to my work schedule HOWEVER based on the food alone, I'd wait all day for this treasure."
"I waited inline a couple of weeks ago for over an hour only to be dissapointed that Little Miss ran out of Brisket.  I knew that this must be great ""Q"" if all of these folks were willing to get in line at 10am to get their lunch at noon! So here I am two weeks later...I sent my order in to Scott a week in advance. I was instructed to be at Little Miss between 10-10:15 AM to pick up my order.
OK...Saturday arrives and arrive at exactly 10:15...their are already at least 50 people in line waiting for the doors to open. I enter and OMG the smell of smoke takes me to another level...the restaurant is IMMACULATE...I am next! Scott greets and cuts my order of brisket, beef ribs and pork ribs. I get a hot link for the road. I pay and next I am greeted with a box full of sides and sauces. Into the car and home. 
Friends arrive at 5:30....I take the meats from the oven (reheated for 60 minutes at 225). My wife plates the slaw and potatoe salad. The beans have been warming and are ready.  I slice the meats. IT is time eat.....
what turns out to be THE BEST BBQ ON THE PLANET!
By the way... I have enjoyed BBQ more than most as I am a judge for the Kansas CIty BarBque Society. Lttle Miss... the side are top notch and the meats are over the top. The bark, the smoke ring the juicy slice... IT IS WORTH THE WAIT..
Mark E   Denver/Phoenix"
"Deliciously prepared pork ribs, brisket and sausage (Home-made). Their baked beans and  grits were also great. Lines form before they open and continue so go early or you'll miss out once they sell out! Very friendly staff as well."
"Every review you read is true, just delicious bbq. Period. Sure the lines are long and the wait is a pain, but the wait is worth it. Beef rib, or the Jefe sandwich are the way to go"
"It is the best BBQ in Phoenix but also it is a good tester how you are patient while you are starving since you have to wait in the line at least 45 min at noon time. Of course, whatever you choose is absolutely worth to wait. My favorite is fatty brisket if I could find after a long waiting time."
This is the best BBQ I have ever eaten the brisket is awesome the sausage is excellent the wait is worth it see you again
"Little Miss did not disappoint! In fact, we were struck by the fact that the first employee we saw in the parking lot was friendly and helpful, while we waited we were given samples of their sausage, cold bottles of water and misted by their water misters! We arrived at 10:50am and ordered at 12:15pm, quite the wait but well worth it! The employee that first meets you inside was awesome and we found out that he was the brother of the owner who was the one we had first met and were impressed with in the parking lot. The cashier was extremely friendly and helpful and even took time to come over to our table and talk with our little ones. Now for the food: best brisket I've ever had! Hands down, no competition. Highly encourage everyone to check out Little Miss, you will not be disappointed!"
"How do I give ten stars?? U-n-b-e-l-i-e-v-a-b-l-e!!!

Fatty brisket to die for.  Lean brisket good but not as decadent as the other cut. Sausage--homemade and yum! 

BBQ also good but don't use too much. You don't need it.  

Get there early on weekend to avoid wait.  Try hitting towards close."
"In my opinion this place lives up to the hype. I have ate BBQ all over the country especially in Oklahoma and Texas and it's better than what I can remember eating anywhere else. The food is incredible and the people working there are very nice. Ordering tip you can buy everything by pound which in itself is like everywhere else. But .... they let you order any amount so you can order one or two slices of something or a single rib etc to try everything on the menu. I ordered the two meat platter with brisket & pulled pork. I then added two slices of turkey & a sausage. Two sides potato salad and jalapeño grits were both good.  I was completely stuffed! The sausage is house made their daily it's a beef and pork mix with jalapeños. It wasn't that spicy so if you are afraid it will be too hot don't worry. The meat was all very tender and moist not dried out like you find at many bbq restaurants. They have three sauces mild bbq, spicy bbq, and a tangy mustard. I only tried the mild and it was very good sweet bbq sauce. All in all very good experience they need to fix the wait times. I wouldn't frequent the restaurant based on their wait times. It's worth a try if you are in town and have a couple hours to blow for lunch."
Standing in line to get the best brisket in Phoenix....Little Miss BBQ. Ohhhh so worth the wait!
THE BEST BRISKET!!! Waiting in line for a couple of hours is way way worth it. Everything here is incredibly delicious.
"The best pie on the planet. I had a craving for pecan pie and OMG!!!!  I don't normally like pecan pie, let alone crave it.  So I see this place on here and I am in the area, so I stop. I walk in and they are all very nice but looking at me funny. It's 5pm. They close at 4pm. So not only is everyone over the top friendly but Quinton hooks me up with not only pie but BBQ and sausages and three types of sauce. SUPER YUMMY!!! 
He tells me that the pecan pie is some secret recipe from an aunties grandma's sister and they don't have ovens so they put it in the smoker ...ya ya ya...whatever....  But one bite and I am in heaven.  I can't remember the last time I tasted real homemade pie crust. And the crunchy candied pecans...I think I heard a choir of Angels singing. One bite of this pie and I was back in MY grandma's kitchen.  Delicious, melt in your mouth wonderfulness.  And it was an entire mini pie for under $5 bucks!  Get a pie, NOW, you won't be sorry."
"Yes, the food is as good as they say.  The missing star is for the smoked turkey we had; it was a bit dry.  I suppose you would not generally go there for the turkey, but it was part of our order and we had some expectations.  Anyway, if you are having beef or pork, you will not go wrong.  We could not stop eating this stuff even after we were all really full.  This is a winner you must try before you leave this planet."
"Best brisket in town, and maybe even in Texas! That's right I said it! I travel to Austin for work frequently and Little Miss wins hands down. The brisket is nicely smoked, moist & full of flavor. Jalapeno cheddar grits are also awesome."
This place definitely lives up to the hype! Highly recommend it. Waiting in line is half the experience and not bad at all. You meet all kinds of people in line and it makes waiting less painful. The customer service was great and the food was out of this world. Owner really cares what his customers think which is great!
"Family owned, and the owners are extremely friendly! The brisket is absolutely awesome and it's normally priced."
"We had a full tray full of brisket, sausage, ribs and like 4 sides. I had to go home after and lay down because I was so full!"
"So I've been hearing about this place from every possible avenue and how good it is. We finally went last week. The food is amazing and the people are friendly! Right when you walk in the door you are greeted and offered a sample of heaven. By heaven I mean the best brisket I've ever had, it honestly just melts in your mouth!! I've had a lot of BBQ here in Arizona and this is by far the best I've ever had. I had the Brisket Sandwich which was quite a large serving and I could have easily split it with someone. I can't wait to go on a Friday or Saturday and try the beef short ribs!"
"There's BBQ. And there are excuses for BBQ. Be they poor or passing. This is BBQ. The absolute genuine article. Texas style, dry rub, smoked meat that you can pull gently from the bone or cut with a plastic fork. There is a reason this place is well-known and the line stretches out the door. They deserve every ounce of that success."
"I would give them 5 stars for food but the lady who rang me up charged me for a side I did not get and I guess that's my fault for not catching her mistake. 

I got 70 dollars worth of food and tipped them to later find out that I was overcharged for an item I never ordered nor received. 

Would highly recommend fatty brisket and pork ribs along with the beans. Probably the best bbq I have had in the area."
"Our little slice of Texas BBQ here in the valley! If you haven't already been, shame on you. Seriously some of the best BBQ in the country and certainly the best in AZ by a large margin. The only downside is the wait but it's worth it."
"I've seen Little Miss BBQ showcased on a few different platforms with all raving reviews. Well the hype is real, this place is outstanding! Their customer service is top notch, everyone was very polite and helpful. They have the best brisket I've ever had hands down! Definitely a must stop for some amazing cue."
I waited an hour and it was well worth it! The staff is very friendly! They had water while you wait and the staff would update you on the meat availability. I chose this place due to the high Yelp ratings and I'm glad I experienced it. I did get the pecan pie and it was amazing!!!!
"Hands down the best bbq I ever ate. The sausage and brisket are out of this world.  Only complaints is the long wait and the potato salad wasn't great but I had to get it since they were sold out of beans. Will be back.


went a second time and it was even better. the pork was amazing and the fatty brisket remains lifechanging. the beans were OK."
"Jesus sent this food to me clearly.. Words can't describe it, let's just say I'll wait in line 3 hours if need be.."
I'm yet to eat at this restaurant. However I did just have a 5-7lbs brisket made from here for thanksgiving and I've got to say it was better than the turkey and prime rib other siblings had made and I don't even care if they ever see this lol
"I think I just found a new addition to my routine. Little Miss BBQ is everything that my buddy Zach said it was. Freaking amazing!  Brisket is definitely the way to go. Get the mix of lean and fatty.   Normally not a big fan of grits, but the jalapeño cheddar grits here is the real deal holyfield.  Potato salad is on point. I think I'm gonna have to take some to go for later. The waiting line is definitely worth it. Thanks Little Miss BBQ !  You've got some of the most legit bbq I've ever had. I'ma definitely comin' back."
"Well worth the trip (we drove from Palm Springs).
The half an hour wait was totally worth it!
Every product on their menu is perfection of a classic, and the staff are very friendly & efficient. 
Try the brisket if it hasn't sold out!
BBQ heaven!"
"I rarely think a place deserves 5 stars but this place is pretty legit. I got pork ribs and Elisa got brisket. We also ordered a sausage. The ribs were tender and flavorful and the brisket was AWESOME! I'm not a big fan of bbq. I believe that bbq places are all pretty much the same but not this place. Everyone's brisket is always dry and chewy but today I ate a super tender, super juicy slab of brisket. Fantastic work, guys. Oh, expect to wait a while. No one's in a hurry there."
"If you don't mind the heat, it's totally worth the wait.  Just make sure you get here early before they're out of the brisket.  The meat does fall off the bone!"
"I am close to 30 years old and have never had the pleasure of such an amazing team make me the best pork ribs I have ever had.  Maybe they just do things different in AZ, because they blew the California BBQ joints out of the water."
"Really Good !! ,,, bit of a wait, so go early, and/else, they run out of your favorite.  Fridays Beef Ribs,... Best ever had !"
"There is not better place to go get some perfectly prepared BBQ! So be prepared to wait in a line to get this delicious meat. Thankfully have some shade and everyone there, from customers to the owners, are always so kind!"
"I was skeptical that any place in Phoenix would justify an hour long wait in line at 1pm on a weekday but this place proved me wrong. A little pricey but well worth the wait and the price. This is our 4th try at BBQ in the greater Phoenix area and I think the search is over. Hands down some of the best I have ever had.
Arrive early to be sure they don't run out of the highly sought after ribs and brisket. Normally we go for lean brisket but a regular in line behind us convinced us the fatty brisket was a must. If you can imagine hot buttered meat, so juicy amd tender it practically melts in your mouth you are on the right track. 10/10 will visit again."
"Came here on a Friday afternoon when I was all done with my training from work! It was hot, but still bearable that day for BBQ loving!  Upon arriving, I was surprised with the line that looked like a long ""Z"" from Tetris. 

17 hours to cook and that's why there's no way of having leftovers because there's limited space to cook the tasty meat!  The BBQ grill looked like a large big black capsule.  An hour in on waiting, they ran out of their infamous briskets and then the lean briskets were all gone as well.  Only the chopped briskets were left, which was still mighty tasty.  One of the staff members came out to announce the news on the meat availability and served up the sausage pieces for people waiting.  Unique, juicy sausage flavor, and got some for the road home!  No wonder why they have a website for preorders and pickup!  This place is high in demand and closes at 4pm.

Danny, the father of the son, who is the owner, was pleasantly great on coming out and charming the people (like me) waiting in line for the compelling smell of the BBQ.  The story of how his son started this BBQ spot, won me over.  It was an awe moment with the father and son heart talk.  The family is supportive, caring and passionate with their BBQ and it is visible.  I was even more eager than before to munch over on the meat after the story.  He even gave us a nice entry to the BBQ grill area and detailed how the whole place runs. Tip one: oak and pecan wood is what they use for that smoky flavor!  Mhm!  It was pleasant to the taste buds and enhanced the meat in a complimenting way! 

When we were almost at the door and at the counter to order, I decided on the short rib (huge bone), chopped brisket, pork ribs and sausage with the sides of grits and cole slaw!  They offer turkey too, but for me, it wasn't an ideal BBQ meat to order up.  Maybe because it's chopped brisket that I can't fully taste the flavor, I didn't quite understand why there was a hype on the brisket.  My favorites were the short rib and sausage with the side of grits, which was a whole hearty BBQ meal!  I got the pickles and jalapeños and that house sauce is lovely.  

The owner went to each table and thanked us for coming here.  Danny gave us a complimenting pecan pie that was the best pecan pie that I've ever had!  I'm not kidding.  

I brought a full on BBQ tray to bring back to my fam bam crew.

If there was more than five stars on Yelp, I would give them more!  I can see them expanding, surely.  The potential is there.  It was a full on fantastic BBQ experience and a great last meal to end my trip in Phoenix, AZ! 

Thanks for the memory!  All smiles here!"
"#2 Top Restaurants in USA according to Yelp. 
If you go you will see why.
Food is amazing and everything always comes out very consistent. I have been here many times and my favorites are the Ribs and Brisket. The only thing that is a problem here is the line everyday for the food. Plus if you do not get here early they run our of stuff on the daily. They serve it until it it is gone.
If you are serious about your BBQ this is your spot. 
If for some reason you can't get your fix here or they are too busy or sold out I would suggest Texas BBQ House about 3 miles away on 24th and Roeser."
"Absolutely unreal bbq. I'm from Texas, so I know good brisket. I have never had better bbq. Get the fatty brisket and jalapeño cheddar grits. The beef spare rib is somehow even better. Beans are great!  Smoked pecan pie. So, so good. I've been 7 or 8 times now and recommended it to many people. It never disappoints. Worth the wait. Just do it."
"Amazing, always a huge line... but fortunately it is worth it.  BBQ doesn't need much more explanation than this.  The place is no frills, the rating is for the food."
Honestly the best BBQ I've ever had in my life. The jefe sandwich fully loaded was to die for. Also the best customer service I've ever had a restaurant. We had to wait an hour and didn't even care. Everyone is so nice and treats you like family.
"Simply the best in Phoenix.  End of argument.  Now, I'll qualify that statement by saying that I grew up in Texas and have had some good BBQ along the way.  Little Miss would easily be able to hold her own in my home state.

Their brisket is worth the wait, no matter how hot. The ribs are a close second. I haven't tried the pulled pork or the short ribs, but I'm told they're awesome.

Warning: Go before 1:00 PM if you want a full selection b/c they will run out of meat given the popularity of the food.  If you get there and they are sold out, don't give up.  Just come a little earlier next time. You won't be disappointed.

Full disclosure: I'm not in love with the sides, but I'm certain they'll get that right over time.  It's hardly a reason to avoid the place. Meat, pickels, onions, bread, something cold to drink...what else do you really need.  Enjoy and save me a spot in line!"
"OK,  OK,  OK already.   The wife and I procrastinated until today when we finally tried this place.   And let me tell you,  it lives up to the reviews.   Between us we had pork ribs,  beef brisket,  sausage, and pulled pork.   All really and truly fabulous.   Tender,  juicy,  beefy  (and porky) meat and great sides.  The beans were to die for.   Are you waiting for me to describe the tortuous wait?  We arrived 20 minutes before opening on Wednesday,  got to order about 45 minutes after opening, and left ever so happy about a half hour later with leftovers.   Friendly staff,  a fun group in the line,  and smelling BBQ the whole time.  Best BBQ in Phoenix if not the whole southwest."
"As impatient as I am, the long wait is always worth it. They honestly serve the best BBQ that I've ever had and do so with fun, excited attitudes. All of the 5 star reviews are spot on. Get there as early as you can to ensure that your wait time isn't ridiculous and that you get the best cuts of meat. Great place to go on a date :-)"
Have been wanting to come to this place for about 2 years. Put it off for a while because of the wait times. I decided to buy the 5 lbs of meat and they sure didn't disappoint! The fatty brisket is a must. The 2 sides (grits and beans) were amazing too! The house sauce is the best BBQ sauce i have tried. Buy the squeeze bottle for home it's worth the 4 bucks. If you like BBQ this place is a must!!!
"Meat meat meat! Freshly barbecued variety of meats! They had pulled pork, brisket, sausage, turkey sausage and pork ribs.  My favorites was the brisket though. Super tender and delicious. 

They sell their meats by the pound or you can order a platter.  When you order the platter they make a nice sandwich for you on a sesame bun. If you order individual portions they will give you a few slices of white bread, sides of raw onion, pickles, and jalapeños.

If you Eat in, you save a few dollars off your bill. You can try their three homemade sauces that they provide to you right on the table. 

We ordered a side of Cole slaw and cheddar grits.  I would probably skip those items and maybe try something else next time.

They have seats inside with air conditioning or you can sit outside near the BBQ where they have sprayers of mist to keep you cool.

Staff is super friendly and price is reasonable."
"Thanks to Yelp, we had the most well cooked/smoked BBQ EVER! Little Miss BBQ's sauces (House BBQ, Sweet and Tangy Mustard, Spicy BBQ) are all excellent - however the meat is beyond words! It's so tender and juicy that it needs no sauce at all! A regular patron's parting words ""its awesome, but it's Even Better with Sauce! Especially Honey Mustard!"" Had me trying them. They were indeed excellent!
   EVEYRONE working there was friendly, accommodating and appreciative of every customer! As other reviewers mentioned, there will be a wait. We were ready and did indeed wait about an hour, but other patrons standing in line with us were in such a good mood in anticipation of a fabulous lunch that we ALL enjoyed the wait! 
Lunch was well worth it!!"
"Typical central Texas BBQ place.  They work real hard at it and almost have it right.  Very good BBQ brisket, links were OK as were the ribs.  Sides need a lot of work.  Very friendly and accommodating staff."
"Got here around 2pm so the only meat options were the lean brisket, pulled pork and chicken. Me and the hubs opted to share a two meat plate with the brisket and pork and they were both soooo good!! We got ranch beans and the jalapeño cheddar grits for our sides and those were amazing as well. Service was great and atmosphere was welcoming and casual. Can definitely see why this place has 5 stars!! If you're ever in Phoenix or the surrounding areas GO TO LITTLE MISS BBQ! It's worth a drive, your won't regret it! Some of the best BBQ I've ever had."
"Trying a few BBQ places in phoenix, some are good most are eh.  But When read about this place in phx new times, it seemed a little too good to be true.  Luckily it isn't far from work, so I headed there on a thursday for lunch.  Small place in an industrial area.  Big smoker out back and a line out the door.  Well it is a small place so more than 4 people and it is out the door.  They will need some shade in a week or two when it gets really hot out.  So i opted for the two meat plate.  Brisket, rib with my sides, potato salad and jalapeno cheddar grits.  Brisket was superb!  I was given a taste of the fatty brisket and it melted in my mouth.  I opted for both fatty and lean on my brisket plate.  By far the best BBQ i have had In AZ.  I am originally from Texas so this keeps on par with the good Texas BBQ.  I enjoyed all of it.  The potato salad was good not great, next time I think i'll try the beans.  Oh and they have Mexican Coke in a bottle!  Love that!  Their BBQ sauces are very good but not really needed.  The flavors in the meats are extremely good!  I did use a little sauce after half of my meat was done just to try it out. Look forward to going again soon.

One more thing...the people working there are the nicest people serving food I have come across in any memory I have.  Kudos to them for being so great to their customers!"
This is some of the best bbq I've ever had. I loved all the meat the fatty brisket is heaven. The sausage was really good the lean brisket is really good too. I loved the beans and I also loved the smoked pecan pie. I also love their bbq sauce its exactly how i like it. I prefer a more sweet and tangy sauce to a bold and spicy. I try to hit this spot any time I'm in Phoenix it's amazing and worth the wait. Also I suggest getting there an hour before opening to make sure you get the fatty brisket.
"Fatty brisket is the best.  Try the ribs (both pork & beef) & sausage, but definitely get the fatty brisket.  Clearly best in Phoenix and probably all of AZ"
"Damn Good BBQ!!!
The brisket is sooooo moist and tender and the sausage is some of the best I have ever had. 
And don't even get me started on the pecan pie."
Best BBQ I have ever had! Fatty brisket and pulled pork were amazing!!
"WORTH THE WAIT: Perhaps the sense of growing impatience while waiting in line with your mouth watering makes the meat at Lil' Miss  all the more delectable. If you're expecting a pristine white table cloth experience, you're at the wrong joint. Follow the wafting, smoky cloud of heavy salt and pepper to the counter and order your pound of pleasure: a black-rub-coated silky and tender brisket that will outrank any other you've tried in the Phoenix area. Plan to buy this when you're impressing friends from out of town, or in charge of bringing the beef to a get-together with friends and family. This is not just food. It's an experience."
"I saw that this place had almost 400 reviews and that they have a perfect 5 star rating. It sounded too good to be true BUT it's worth every star and penny.

The food = perfection 
Location = inviting
Staff = extremely friendly
Price = very reasonable

The owner let me into the pit area and gave me a tour and explained how the new smoker was built. This made the experience that much better. If I was on death row and had my last meal this would be it."
"So delicious.  Well worth the wait.
Wish I lived closer so I could go there
more often."
"Fatty brisket is amazing 

Everything else on the menu is fantastic too, but the fatty brisket is out of this world good. We tried the pulled pork, pork ribs as well.
Also a big fan of the sausage, they handed out samples while we waited in line"
I've never waited in line for two hours for BBQ before.  Now that I've had theirs I would gladly do it again. It's quite simply that good. But I'd probably get there earlier lol.
I got a barbeque turkey from here for Thanksgiving.  It was very good and very moist.
"Really good. But I'm not sure it's really worth the wait. There's other BBQ in Phoenix that's almost as good, and you won't have to wait in line for nearly 2 hours."
"Awesome BBQ. Had the lean brisket & sausage.  They were so delicious & flavorful. They open at 1100, but get there early. There is line to get in before 11."
"We waited in line in the July heat for almost an hour and would do it all over again! Hands down best bbq we've ever had! Don't let the line intimidate you. We met some nice people, there is bottled water, sunblock, misters and chairs to help ensure the wait. Oh and samples too! Get there early as they do run out of various selections. The staff will come announce what they are out of. My son had the best pulled pork ""of his life"" the chopped brisket was my choice and my husband had a plate with pulled pork and brisket. We were in heaven! The sides were equally amazing! Never have had beans like theirs. Topped it all off with an amazing pecan pie. For sure will be back!!"
"I'm giving this place 5 stars for more than just the food. The food was excellent, yes. But further more, the customer service and humanity did it for me. I was around the area to meet my sister and her boyfriend as they came in from Seattle. It wasn't until I got to the airport just before they landed that I realized I had driven all the way from Goodyear without my 8-month old son's diaper bag. I had already been having a day leading up to that along with dealing with Phoenix drivers that I was just gone and done in my mind. My sister and her boyfriend jumped into our other sister's car and headed here. I drove up and down University trying to find a store just to get some wipes and diapers to no avail. Longer story short, I was on the verge of a pissed off mental breakdown when I got to Little Miss BBQ. My son thankfully hadn't soiled his diaper so we had time. I walked in visibly upset and was treated with care in customer service and smiles. James even gave me a pecan pie on the house just because he wanted to make my day a little better. And it was very tasty. Thank you to all of you."
OMG. Best brisket in AZ. Its unreal. We got a tour of the smokers by the father of the guy who runs the business... it was really fun to chat and even get some tips on being a better smoker myself. It was really cool and very very nice people.
"Local rumors said it was good.  I came for lunch.  Parking lot full.  Line was out the door and around the building.  It was 112 degrees that day.  Midweek.  35 minutes waiting OUTSIDE  to finally order and eat the greatest BBQ ON PLANET EARTH.  NO OTHER PLACE IN TOWN COMES CLOSE TO THIS TEMPLE OF BRISKET, RIBS AND SAUSAGE.   THE PLACE IS A HOLE BUT THE FOOD HAS NO PEER.  Just take it home to eat.  The area is sketchy too."
top notch get here early and take water as you will be waiting in a line
"Tried little miss bbq in south Phoenix today with my friend. Pretty good!! The pulled pork was super tender and the sausage was good. The ranch style beans were awesome with the brisket meat in there. Should've ate the brisket and pork ribs over there though. The meat was super tender, but it didn't much flavor at all. Needed to use some of the bbq sauce that they had over there. The lamb neck was too salty and gainy for me though. I'm not a fan of the grits either. Friendly staff and the owner was handling out samples to the people waiting in line."
"Oh my Christ this place is good! Wow the fatty brisket is almost make believe because when you take a bite out of it, you just cannot believe that meat is that tender, but holy moly cannoli. The beans are excellent, the pork is delicious, and I came in on a Thursday because they had Pastrami, and wow was it worth it! The pastrami and fatty brisket alone are superb, but wow, it's probably the best meal I've ever had. I was full for 2 days and proud! You gotta have one of their little pecan pies too!"
The best brisket and ribs I've ever had! Everything was tender and juicy. The staff is amazingly friendly.
"Too legit to quit. Please, never ever ever quit! Meat soooo tender, everything so flavorful. Can't go wrong. FuN and friendly atmosphere. And the lines are no problem because it's totally worth it. Just eat a banana or something real quick."
"Alright Phoenix, waiting in line for an hour, an hour and a half and then getting to the front and getting the bad news of them running out is NOT uncommon at a great BBQ joint. I've waited in long lines in Texas for great bbq, Little Miss bbq is well worth the wait! I had the brisket, sausage and a few ribs on the side. Brisket had perfect bark, sausage was spicy. The ribs were very good but needed a bit more smoke put to them. Over all, it's about time Phoenix got it self a great bbq joint and Little Miss bbq is that place. See ya in line!"
Great food and super happy and friendly staff! The long line is worth the wait and the cashier gave us a free pecan pie to try!
"My husband was complaining about the wait. But boy was it worth it!! after we had our first bite he wasn't complaining anymore! No doubt about it the best barbecue I've ever had the ribs are fantastic and the pecan pie was to die for I would call myself a pecan pie Connoisseur, you nailed it!!!!"
This place has fantastic bbq.  I just touched down earlier in the day and saw this restaurant on Yelp.  Decided to give it a try and wow it was worth it.  The waitress was super nice and the food was fast.  Brisket for the win!  I feel like a fatty though cause I'm going to get a plate to go.
"Wow. This place definitely reserved its place as one of the top 10 barbecue places in the nation. The whole experience is what you're coming here for. The line will be long, but the wait WILL be worth it. I went in a Wednesday afternoon at 1215 and waited about an hour. During them at time, they ran out of some meats, but some others also finished cooking. That's the beauty of a place like this is they make what they make and that's what you get. While you might not get your first choice, you will be getting something spectacular. I was lucky enjoy enough to be able to get the sliced brisket, pulled pork and a side of ribs. The pulled pork is the perfect mix of bark, and moist pulled meat. The brisket rivals the best in Texas. It is incredibly moist with some great bark and just the perfect blend of meat and steak. The ribs were also some of the best I've had, St. Louis style with a good char and fairly priced. I tried the sauce on the white bread they throw in, but I did not need a single drop of sauce on ANY of the bbq. Honestly come if you can and eat, everything is good and worth every penny. Can't wait to go again!!!!"
"1st let me acknowledge the service- The people who work here are so nice and accommodating! James was amazing! I wish every restaurant had a James. Denny in the Parking lot was super pleasant. There was a guy going around wiping the BBQ bottles off! Everything from the parking lot to the Table was amazing.

2nd- The Food- Absolutely Amazing!! It's really hard finding good BBQ in restaurants. 

I had the Brisket & Pastrami - It was juicy and tender. I didn't need any sauce. But the LMB sauce was amazing also. 
The turkey is moist and tender
The Ribs fall off the bone and taste amazing 
The beans, cole slaw, potato salad & grits were all very good too! 

Can't say anything that needs improvement!"
This is hands down the best bbq in the valley if not the state - the ribs are to die for the pastrami and fatty brisket are heaven - long waits are totally worth it !!!
"I decided to forgo waiting in line due to the 100+ degree day last Friday and ordered ahead (kudos to those who brave the heat!). I arrived at 10:30am and there was already a long line and people waiting in chairs they had brought from home. 
The online ordering process was easy and LMB sent email reminders.  They do require a 5 pound minimum to preorder. The sliced brisket is insanely perfect! Pulled pork was delicious yet lean. The beef ribs were a huge hit as well. I went with a quart of each of the sides and don't regret that decision. The jalapeño grits could speak to any true southerner's heart! The ranch style beans were surprisingly delicious considering I'm accustomed to the ""typical"" barbecue style beans (think Ina Garten style). Potato salad was just meh, I would nix that in the future. The coleslaw was very crisp and not overly sauced. 
The pecan pie was delicious, but you could tell it's not a homemade crust (1 pie will feed up to 4 people if you're feeling very generous I recommend 1 pie for 2 people). I have to admit I'm a pie crust snob hailing from the Midwest I grew up with only homemade crust. 
The customer service was great. I recommend giving Little Miss BBQ a try!"
"I would give this place a 4.5/5 it is definitely one of the best BBQ places in the Phoenix area. I had the Jefe which is perfect if you want a little bit of everything. The sausage has great flavor, the brisket is tender and not overly seasoned, and the cold slaw adds that little something extra to the sandwich. Next time I plan on getting the Brisket and hopefully the Pastrami (only made on Thursday and they sold out within 30 min of opening).

The people working there are great and all they want to do is please the customer. One of the guys there (I assume was the owner) was giving out free water for people standing in line outside and showing us the different meat in the smoker. Inside on of the employees was giving us samples of the brisket (always love samples). 

I do wish the had Macaroni and Cheese as a side, but the potato salad was good with added BBQ sauce to it. 

Great place to try out if you have a little bit of time."
"I don't write reviews but after tasting the BBQ for the first time there is only one way to describe it is OMG!!! The food is beyond outstanding the customer service is 5 stars, there is a bit of a wait but well worth it. Go on thrusdays for the pastrami it is out of this world! Cannot believe there is only 800 reviews on yelp i guess locals want to keep this gem a secret."
Long wait. The lot was full so we and many cars sat in the middle lane of the street for half an hour. Meanwhile one person got in the food line at 11:01. We got our food at 12:38. No regrets. Fatty brisket was to die for. Ribs were great. Four of us shared the pecan pie. Very happy.
"This was seriously the best brisket I've ever had!  Worth the wait in line. Also had the sausage which was spiced just right. The potato salad was the only disappointment, but, this place is all about the meat anyway. It's worth the drive form anywhere in the valley."
The fact that they RUN OUT of their meat so quickly should be all you need to know to understand that this place is beyond belief. While they are not exactly a cheap BBQ spot they are worth every dollar. I am not a big fan of BBQ but Lil' Miss is the exception. You have to try this place out.
"Yelpers, there is hope! I read soooo many reviews and was prepared to wait a hefty 2 hours or so. I landed at Phoenix, went straight over to get in line. Got there at 1:40 and only waited 20 minutes! I got the 2 meat plate with lean brisket and sausage and my husband got the ribs and brisket. My favorite was the lean brisket because the bark was perfect! The jalapeño cheddar grits were great too. Definitely a great find close to the airport. And I'm extra happy that I didn't have to wait nearly as long as others!"
"Not too shabby . Good vibe and environment.

Food seems fresh fun and unique . Wish they had a few more locations closer t o my location . 

Overal I think 3/5 stars is appropriate. Nothing extremely amazing but still overall positive experience . Will recommend to friends FO SHO...!"
"This BBQ was amazing! Definitely central Texas style BBQ. 
We arrived at 0910 (doors open at 11) on a Saturday morning. There were already people sitting in line waiting for the doors to open. The Pitmaster's father was handing out tickets to save our spot in line. 

All the staff were very inviting and friendly. We even got free samples of the sausage while we waited in line. 

The line moved quickly and we were able to get a table inside (seating is limited inside). Outside they have about 10 tables and misters lining the roof to keep you nice and fresh. 

Now the MEAT! All I can say is WOW. I was definitely impressed. The brisket was very juicy, tender, and full of flavor. Paired perfectly with the house BBQ sauce. The pork rib meat was falling off the bone. 
Overall, it was worth the wait and will definitely be going back whenever I'm in PHX!"
"Line was super long 30 minutes from opening at 11 but they brought out fresh sausage samples which was dope. Food was amazing, people were friendly for us first timers, would definitely recommend the brisket!"
"The best bbq I've ever had. Beats the places I have tried in Nashville & Memphis. Their fatty brisket just melts in your mouth. It was well worth the 45 minute wait on line. Have also tried the lean brisket, sausage, pork ribs and pulled pork..... all of which I would not hesitate to order again because they were delicious. The pulled pork was a little lean and stringy for my liking, but after you add the sauce and coleslaw, it was very satisfying. All three sauces they offer go great with the meats. My favorite sides are the beans and grits. And all the folks that work there are so helpful and nice; you really do not mind the long wait. Well worth a visit!"
"Wow, where do I start! Maybe the tasty brisket or the moist fall off the bone ribs or pulled pork.......
The brisket is the best I have ever tasted and I have had Texas BBQ. The ribs, both pork, and beef are fantastic! Pulled pork, sausage, beans, and grits are very good. 
The lines can be long so getting there early is a must! Worth the wait though!
The employees are the very best! They treat you like family.
Best BBQ in Arizona...period!"
"This place is simply phenomenal!
What makes something unforgettable is when you bite into something and it completely takes you by surprise... even after you kinda have the idea of what to expect.  

Although it appears I'm not the only one that isn't too fond of the wait either... Need come up with a different idea as I feel you are loosing a substantial volume of business. One single file line is the only reason we don't eat here on a weekly basis!

Overall... after several visits and still being surprised is the reason you deserve the 5 star reviews. You guys rock!"
Amazing. Can't wait for the new North Central location to open! There's a rumor the menu will include smoked salmon.
"Best BBQ in the valley hands down. The fatty brisket is the signature item, and for good reason. We also had some pork ribs, pulled pork and sausage. All of them are mouth watering tasty. We got in line around 10:15 on a Saturday and had our food by 11:45. Totally worth the wait."
"Don't be surprised if you're not able to park in the parking lot. We parked on 42nd street and walked. We were in line for 40 minutes but definitely worth the wait. Everyone walking was super friendly. We got two pounds of brisket, a pound of pulled pork and a pecan pie. $63. Everything is seriously the best I've ever had. The brisket was falling apart and super moist. Both meats were super tender!  I've only had pecan pie a handful of times but it was delish!"
"It's a little pricey .
The staff and crew were so attentive and hospitable.
We came in with the last serving  portion.
And they threw the  (4) sides for free .
The pecan pie is yucky ! There's too many
Problems - the worse of them all is I should have bought a dozen !!!
I end up licking the last morsel as my verdict by just buying one ... 
the pie in itself it's worth the line (very long)"
"The jalapeno grits are fantastic, and the ribs (since they had already run out of brisket) were so tender and  delicious. I don't even care for bbq that much and I'll go out of my way to come back."
"Best bbq this side of Franklins in Austin.  All of the meats are amazing, even the lean brisket is dripping with moisture!  You also have to have a smoked pecan pie!"
I'm not one to eat brisket but oh my gosh their brisket is sooooo good! I've also had their Turkey sandwich which was also amazing! The people who work there are also very courteous. It's a long drive for me but it was well worth it! Best BBQ I've had and can't wait to go back!
"It just doesn't get better in Phoenix when it comes to BBQ! With 800 5-star reviews backing me up, I really don't feel the need to elaborate further. 

Delicious! Week days early are usually best to avoid the hour-plus wait."
"Fantastic food, people,environment location.me and my friends frequent often
I love living in tempe friendly people this restaurant is nearby my residence and I'm so thankful"
"Customer service: 4 of 5 stars
The team is able to handle a hectic lunch crowd yet take their time to serve each customer. You get the sense they appreciate your business despite not needing you to make money.

Quality: 5 of 5 stars
The food quality is superb. This place is known because their food is possibly one of the best BBQs I've had.

Cleanliness: 5 of 5 stars
This place is busy... Yet, they are able to keep it clean.


Environment: 5 of 5 stars
It's a simple decor which fits it's style perfectly

Only two complaints are
- no beer 
- long wait"
"I have had bbq from coast to coast, I believe this may be the best I have tried. All of the meats are freshly prepared, and busting with flavor. The turkey and brisket have no equals. Side dishes are satisfactory, but not why you come. Their bbq sauces have good flavor not that you will need them. 

The only drawback for this place is the wait. The quickest I have ever gotten through the line was 30 minutes, the longest 2 hrs. I don't live in the area, so not sure when to come to avoid this, but don't come too late, because once the meat is gone it's gone."
"awesome, but expensive....averages out to $20.00 per LB expect to spend anywhere from $30.00 to $100.00 each visit.  I would say the fatty brisket was the best, also try the pork ribs and sausage.  The sides are nothing to write home about. The lines are long expect to wait over an hour, TIP get there early, if ordering five LBS or more (which is very easy to do) you can pre order and avoid the lines all together. (see web site)

TIP:  Park across the street and walk over. The parking lot is small and they cram cars anywhere they fit, the car next to mine put a big dent in my door! 
Wanted to beat him with a rib bone LOL just kidding"
"This place is amazing!!! We ordered the Thanksgiving special this year, which was full slab of brisket and a smoked turkey breast. It was to die for!!! All our guests enjoyed it so much they kept asking for thirds and fourths. Seriously best brisket I've had anywhere in the country. Even good the next day heated up. They had it packaged really nicely when we picked it up, with the special paper they smoke it in. It's well worth the wait in line if you go for lunch too. Don't miss out, you will be sorry!"
"The brisket literally melts in your mouth! Absolutely DELICIOUS! It was so good that I didn't even use any of the BBQ sauce.  I also tried the ribs, which were good, but if I could do it again, I'd get all brisket. 

Be prepared to WAIT!! They open at 11am and we arrived at 10:25am and there was a line of about 15 people. By 11am, the parking lot was full and the line was wrapping around the corner. 

The staff are great! Very personable and don't seem to be irritated by the never-ending people that just keep showing up! I'll definitely be back!"
"On Yelp, 5,000 reviews, 5/5 stars. We went for it and was not disappointed. Brisket you can cut with a fork, and the grits are jalapeño cheddar. BTW, Big Red soda tastes like bubble gum. Everyone was nice and welcoming. All the food was awesome."
"I mean...what can I say that hasn't already been said?!  There's a reason this place has a solid five-star rating with 1300+ reviews, even with a wait so long you have to sit in the median to wait for parking to open up BEFORE you wait in line to order.  The food is abso-fucking-lutely impeccable.  Wait for it.  Your taste buds will be RICHLY rewarded."
"BBQ sooo good my big thug ass turned into a little miss! Man this is my first 5 star rating, congrats LMB! Got there early but it was not early enough had a bunch of people in line by 10:30am.  Nearly ran out of brisket by the time I got to the counter almost had a panic attack.  They have water, lawn chairs, and feed you pieces of sausage while you wait in line, so considerate which I love.  It is definitely a experience and day long activity.  Prepare yourself for a wait.  The fatty brisket is out of this damn world, best BBQ I have ever had hands down.  The sides were excellent and don't forget the pecan pie!  If you do not want to wait in line you place an order 7 days in advance lol so plan accordingly!"
"If you read the reviews you will see that there is no reason to write another glowing review.  This place is the best.  Since going there we rate all BBQ against Little Miss.  While some are good, none are as good as Little Miss. My favorite is the brisket."
"Not much more to say about this joint - excellent bbq flavors,  perfect fatty brisket with nutty pecan flavor, melt-in-your-mouth  bark, didn't need sauce. Employees are over-the-top,  lines are long, feels much like Disneyland."
"Amazing BBQ! Some of the best I've had, and I've been to Kansas City! The wait is pretty long unless you get there before they open, but it's well worth it. Go on the day they have their pastrami. It's so tender and juicy! Great service, great vibe, awesome sauces..."
"Best barbecue I've had in Arizona, period.  They take the time and effort to smoke their meat the right way: slow and low in drum smokers onsite.  The flavor of the meat is fantastic, especially the brisket and pork ribs.  Sides were also really good, and staff was very friendly.   We will be back."
First time in Arizona and stopped by this place because I seen it was 5 Stars!! Tried it and OMG this place is bomb.com.. So Juicy and tender!!
"Talk about a surprise.  Rub was good.  Not as intense or deep as some TX places, and more pepper, but good for local.  They do not serve with sauce on but only on the side.  The beans were outstanding... no tomato sauce and spicy.  They also serve good bbq grits, also no tomato.  Even the potato salad was good ... fresh cooked and diced potatoes with a bit of mouth feel and not overly mayo'd.  Outstanding place."
"Imagine a male version of the iconic scene in ""When Harry met Sally"".

I just just gotten off a plane, jumped in my rental (look into Silvercar btw) and headed to Little Miss BBQ. Line outside was about 30 people deep at 12pm on a Wednesday. I didn't care, I wanted some brisket.

I'm from the southeast, so BBQ to me means pork. Getting good brisket can be difficult to find.  So once I heard they had good brisket, I had to come. The line took about 30 minutes, but they came out to make sure people grabbed waters (in the cooler beside the line) and offered up ""samples"" of their house-made sausage - I put sample in quotes because I ended up with like 3 pieces.

I got in and order 2 meat plate and went with lean brisket (they were out of fatty/wet) and pork rib. Sides were grits and slaw.

That Brisket..... tender as a new mother holder her baby for the first time. My mouth made noises that made others around me look and wonder what was going on. Envision a male version of that scene in When Harry met Sally. It was that good.

Rib - Excellent, tender, flavorful. 
Slaw - felt I needed some sort of vegetables, but was too full to eat much of it. Good though
Grits - surprisingly tasty. Again I'm from the south, so I'm picky about my grits.

All-in-all I will likely eat here every chance I have when I am in town, and I would suggest others to as well. Just don't expect a quick lunch; and leave time for a nap after."
"I don't even like bbq but this place......Wow!! Every morsel of food is ridiculously flavorful. An assortment of smoked meats,  the jalapeno cheddar grits and the brisket ranch style beans=heaven. The only downside is the 3 hour wait.  It's almost worth it but I usually pre-order.  There's a 5lb minimum but that's easy to met in our household of two!! Ha! The best part is every single person there is absolutely awesome.  They are so friendly and helpful.   Amazing food and Service With a smile is very hard to come by these days. These people know what they're doing and they do a great job!"
"Standing in line was worth the wait.  They keep ice cold bottle water coming while your waiting in line.  The food makes you want to kiss your boss and slap them too.  Them briskets very tender and spicy.  I've never been a fan of pinto beans, but they make them sooooooooooooo good and spicy, I'm get them everytime I go there.  I give them 10 stars, for the food, service and being very organized."
Got there at 10:55am. Waited in line for about 45mns before seeing what we had to choose from.. The lamb neck was sold out but the Turkey and Beef Brisket was on my plate with some potato salad and cole slaw. Sat down with some friends and experienced some of the best smoked meat in my life.. Wish the line wasn't so long so it was more accessible but the adventure makes it even more special when you have the time to go..
Best bbq in town. If you haven't been here you should.
"35 min early, 8th person in line! Everyone brought there Starbucks today. Bring a friend to talk to while you wait, or look like a phone creep! Like me! Looks like the crowd really shows up at 10:45, so get here atleast 30 minutes early to get a good spot in line and a parking spot in the lot. Never been here, but anxiously waiting to pound down some brisket. Tuesday is supposedly the lightest day for them, so come on Tuesdays!"
"Best bbq in AZ. Everything is fantastic, but the brisket is what I keep coming back for. Get there early and expect to wait in line if you don't. If you are ordering with friends, calling in before they open might be the best choice. 5lbs for a minimum order is totally feasible with a group of 3."
"I've been wanting to try this place for a while but hadn't gotten around to it because it's in an area I seldom go to. I wish I'd have made it earlier! This place is the real deal. I've had BBQ in Texas, Memphis, and in the south and this place beats them all. Great service and the food was outstanding. The brisket is the best I've had anywhere. Only 4 stars because the ribs could be better. Don't get me wrong, they were good but if they can make a brisket THAT GOOD, they can improve their ribs too."
"If I had to stand in line for a day I would! It was the most delicious BBQ I've ever had. I went with a group and everyone was really hungry. We had the brisket, turkey, potato salad, beans, and OMG the PECAN PIE. Of course we bought extra to take home. 

It's too good, sometimes you have to wait in line for an hour or so and they do run out so you better get there before the line gets too long! 

Thank you Chef Scott, my experience at Little Miss BBQ was AMAZING."
Amazing! From Indiana and this is the only place that comes close to the places we have back home. Only piece of advice if you are picky in what you want you better get there early as the run out fast. The fatty brisket is what I like and my lady enjoys the pork ribs.
"To put it bluntly, best BBQ I have ever had. But since I know people are skeptical, just come by and try it. The employees really make you feel at home, and please have the pecan pie"
"I'm in love. The brisket is to die for!!! I came on a Tuesday around 12:30 and the line was under 20 minutes, which worked well for me. I got the 2 meat plate with the brisket (tempted to get double...), Ribs, beans, and grits. I had also gotta and Arizona tea all for $20ish and definitely worth it. Wish I had space for the pecan pie because it looked really good. This was probably the best brisket I've had and I love me some brisket. I've tried several 'famous' bbq joints and this one just melts in your mouth. They offer a fatty or lean cut but they had me at fatty . 

The ribs fell off the bones as they should and had a great smoky flavor. The beans had what looked like rib meat in them and the grits were good. I thought they would be spicier since they're jalapeno grits but still tasty nonetheless. They also give you the option of bread, onions, pickles, and pickled jalapenos. Yes. 

The inside is pretty small but it's nice that they have misters outside as you're waiting in the relentless heat. They also offer water outside, which is really nice. 

Definitely coming back and probably end up ordering a pound of brisket next time..."
Best bbq I have ever had! Wow. And this is coming from a girl that isn't a big meat eater.
"Waited in line for 3 hours today and still have no complaints!!!! Was worth the wait! Just one suggestion that I think would enhance the business: Maybe take orders outside (similar to Portillo) on a tablet that can assist with expediting... however this wouldn't work if you end up running out of food which often happens at this location so that could be why they haven't implemented this idea. Anyway, good was nothing short of amazing! Free samples of sausage outside while in long keep you in line because you just don't want to pass up the opportunity. Service was exceptional. Very friendly staff, even got a tour! This place is great!"
"I don't know how I haven't written for a review of this place already. There's already quite a few reviews so I'll keep this short and sweet:

The line: Got here an hour before opening (10am on a Saturday) and the line was about 20 people deep. Soon after that, though, there were plenty more people arriving. It's worth it to get there early. AND they have wonderful staff that make sure you have water and a good time!

The food: oh my goodness. This is the best barbecue I've had. I dream about this place.

Fatty Brisket: Melt in your mouth, cooked to perfection fatty brisket. The best thing here.
Sausage links: So good. Definitely need to get
Pork Rib: Ask for the fatty pieces. Fall off the bone pork goodness
Beef Rib: Delicious, but our piece was a little too ""tough"". Delicious nonetheless

GREAT customer service. The best bbq I've had. Definitely worth waking up and getting in line for!"
"Get here early and grab the brisket! Came here with my friends on my last visit out to Arizona and this place is definitely a local favorite and rightfully so! On top of all their amazing meats at extremely reasonable prices, the people working here were incredibly friendly and helpful. 

It's almost unbelievable to see them maintain this level of customer service and friendliness when they have 2 hour lines out the door before they have even opened, but this is an amazing example of how one should run their business, and they deserve all the praise that they get.

Expect ice cold water bottles while you wait in the heat in line, and if you're lucky you might get some ends or bits when they're cutting your meat! Love this place!"
"DELISH. If you want real, quality BBQ this is your place. The only reason why I do not rate this a 5 Star is because of the inventory available. I arrived 30 minutes after they opened, waited in line for 30 minutes, and when it was my time to order no pork ribs left. {stab to my heart} I will say the owner was very kind about it and gave me some other items for free ... But still didn't taste the pork ribs. I ordered small tastes of everything else, literally everything else. And it was all wonderful. 

Everything else about this restaurant is true and authentic. Real BBQ not drowning in sauce, you can do that on your own with sauce options. Potato salad was great. One of the owners stands outside, directs traffic, greets people, offers free bottled water. 

If I had to venture a guess, this business didn't think they would grow this quickly.  I am confident they are here to stay in the Phoenix area and will do what it takes to expand appropriately."
"This place is awesome! The food is great, the smells are great. This is the stuff I am reviewing them on. The brisket is melt in your mouth. The ribs a juicy. Their bbq sauce is delectable. 

Here's the problem, we waited like and your and 30 minutes to get the bbq. So if you are in a time crunch, I don't recommend it. But if you got plenty of time to kill it's amazing. 

Perhaps if you go in the summer, the best will scare everyone away and then the wait will be super short. They do have water you can drink while waiting, which was super nice."
"Heard a lot of hype on this joint so I finally did the damn thang and went for lunch. I knew I would have to wait an hour. I knew I would be paying top dollar. I also knew there was no way Little Miss BBQ would live up to my expectations. Welp.. I was wrong about one of those things for sure. LMB exceeded what I had dreamt up in my head. Dude servin meat pulled out a brand new brisket just as I made it to him.. and that thing looked like it was twerkin on the table. He cut into it, and everyone behind me sounded like they were watchin fireworks. ""Ooohhhs!"" and ""Ahhhhhs!"" One guy behind me said, ""Oh my f#ck#ng god, I can't wait!"" 

I got the brisket, sausage, beans, and grits with peppers, onions n bread. It all blew me away. Best BBQ I ever had. Go there. Anything you order will be worth the wait and the money."
"This place is incredible! Talk about hospitality! We pulled up a little late and realized they had closed already. A gentleman came running out as we were about to pull away and told us there happened to be a little left if we wanted to come in and eat! We took what was left and it was amazing! We sat, and they told us their whole backstory! It was so neat! Thank you for such incredible food and hospitality! Keep up the great work!"
"Best barbecue in Phoenix! They catered a friends wedding and I have never had it before. Definitely made the wedding and even better experience than it already was, and my tummy was happy."
"We were here late afternoon so our choices were easy, but the food was fantastic and the jalapeño cheese grits and ranch style beans were incredible. So glad we stopped in- we will be back."
very impressive BBQ which is only few miles away from the Phoenix airport. i take a pork ribs and its really good amount of a dish.
Best BBQ I've ever had... If you plan on going make sure you plan ahead because it always a  line that takes about an hour plus but it is soooo worth the wait. You want be disappointed and the staff are awesome.
Went in for a quart of the green chile stew this is excellent best green chili stew I have had.  I also had a 1/2 lb of the moist brisket cooked well with the right amount if fat.  Service was great very fast and clean.
"Woo hoo is right!  We were finally able to check this place out on our lunch break after a few failed attempts.  Our wait was roughly 20 minutes which wasn't bad considering the number of people that were lined up when we left.  We had a warm greeting by the guys and were offered a mind blowing sample of the brisket and sausage.  SOLD!  My mind was made up with my order, brisket and sausage with a side of the jalapeno grits and beans.  Good-bye low carb days and hellllllo flavorful lunch.  Worth every bite.  Cute, clean and comfortable little joint with Johnny Cash blasting out of the speakers and a few tasty sauce options on the table.  Staff was friendly and engaging, customer service sure does make the food taste better.  I just had to get some pecan pie to go so I'm anxious to try it after my stomach makes some room.  Highly recommend going here when you do... or don't have the time. Will Anthony Bourdain or Guy Fieri make it here first?"
"I hate to say it because i dont want you guys crowding my spot, but the ribs here are ridiculously good...  Pricey...  Yes..  But well worth it..  Sausage, baked beans and everything else is on point too...  But the ribs, whew!!"
"Seriously the best BBQ in Phoenix. 

I don't eat here every day since BBQ isn't a staple of my diet but it is amazing that this place can come out of nowhere and suddenly be on my ""Place you HAVE to go if you are ever in Phoenix."" list.. and pretty much at the top."
Love it my wife and I saw this place yesterday and with my new found friend yelp we immediately thought we had to go!! Amazing food and welcoming atmosphere! Definitely coming back
"As a big foodie, I am always on the lookout for restaurants that have excellent reviews. I've always wanted to try Little Miss BBQ because I believe it is the only restaurant in Arizona that has 5 STARS with 1000+ reviews. I had very high expectations and I was not disappointed. The 5 stars are definitely well deserved. 

My boyfriend and I came in on a Saturday morning around 11 am, right when they opened and already there was a long line. It was in the middle of November so the weather was gorgeous so honestly, we didn't really mind waiting in line. A gentleman who may have been the general manager was handing out samples of tasty house made sausages. In addition, there was a cooler full of bottles of water for everyone. Misters were available overhead.

After being in line for about 45 minutes, we finally got to order. I had a pound of beef brisket with jalapeno grits and beans. I couldn't believe how delicious and MOUTHWATERING the beef brisket was. It literally melted in my mouth. It was amazing as is. It didn't hurt that the house barbecue sauce (spicy and regular), were also to die for. The grits were okay, I preferred the potato salad that my boyfriend got. We both thought the beans were flavorful and delicious. My boyfriend ordered a pound of beef ribs which were delicious, but not as great as the beef brisket. I am not usually a big fan of sausage, but I loved the smokey taste of their sausages. Just when we thought their food couldn't get any better, we ordered the pecan pie. Damn. It was just too good. My boyfriend is planning on buying a bunch of pies to bring to his family thanksgiving dinner.

The only con about this place is the wait. However, I do feel like it is definitely worth it. My advice is to order extra food and take the rest home. It tastes just as good as leftovers. The long wait is due to the fact that there's only one guy cutting the meats and they take their time to ensure you are satisfied. They're not just mindlessly serving meats on a tray. Service was definitely great.

Try it! I assure you, it's worth it."
Stopped I today with some friends from work. Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had!  Pies are out of this world to. We all can't wait to go back.
"I cook and am told I am quite good, I also know how to make great BBQ.

This place hands down is the best BBQ in the world I have ever eaten, forget Memphis I May or Texas BBQ, this guy is a god! I spent 110.00 and waited an  hour and more then worth it."
"Well wow. We got here at 11 and already full, 90 minute line.. They do have the normal BBQ fixings - I had a sampler- it wasn't bad at all - I'd go back, but they should expand because the service is really slow. The sausage I bought to go, I probably should of passed on as it wasn't really as good as the ribs and brisket in the platter."
"Nice people. Great BBQ. Highly recommended. Go early. They do run out. Next time I am in Phoenix, this will be a must stop."
"This was honestly some of the best BBQ I've ever eaten. I had the pulled pork and sliced brisket. They offer several other options as well, such as pork spare ribs, chopped brisket, sausage, turkey, and beef short ribs(only fri & sat). The meat basically melts in your month and is seasoned to perfection. 

The sides were awesome as well. I went with ranch style beans and potato salad. The potato salad needs a little recipe tweaking but it was still quite good. The beans however were insane. They mix finely shredded brisket inside the mix and were the perfect combination of sweet & spicy.

The restaurant itself is a tiny building with only 5 tables inside and a few outside as well. The parking lot only holds about 25 cars. The best piece of advice I can give is to get there early. They are only open from 11-4(unless they run out of meat before 4, which I hear happens a lot).  

Also be prepared to wait, wait, and wait some more! The place is insanely popular and the wait just to get in the parking lot was 30 minutes (Next time I'm parking down the street somewhere and just hoofing it). The line to get in to order was at least 50 people deep. They do provide cold water and have a mostly covered waiting area along with misters. They have only 3 people inside working the counter(1 for meat, 1 for sides, and one for $) so don't expect the line to move quickly.

So if you don't mind blowing a few hours of your afternoon waiting in line at a little hole in the wall bbq restaurant by the airport while you question your sanity, this is the place for you."
Get there early because when they run out they are done for the day.  Brisket was good as well as the turkey.  Real Texas style BBQ.  Sauces on the table are good but not really needed.  Sides were plentiful. We probably had a 25 minute wait on Saturday which wasnt too bad.
"If you're reading this and not in line already, I'm sorry. You're probably not going to get to eat today. But tomorrow, I know you'll be in line before all the rest. This is a landmark, a destination, a family. Stop reading reviews and just get over there before its all gone."
"We were visiting family in Peoria, AZ and wanted to find a good BBQ restaurant. After seeing the reviews on this place, we stopped in on 4/29/16. We are so glad we did -- they made the BEST BBQ we have ever eaten! Even though we had to wait in line for over an hour, the food was was well worth the wait. We ordered brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs, sausage with sides of jalapeno/cheese grits and coleslaw. The meats were melt in your mouth delicious. We highly recommend Little Miss BBQ and we will be returning. Also appreciated the ice cold water they offered patrons while waiting in line -- nice touch!"
Good heart barbeque beware can be a long wait but it is worth the wait! Will definately be returning.
"GET HERE EARLY. We got to the parking lot at 9:30am and actually sat down in line at 9:45am. There are six people before ya. In a matter of fifteen minutes, the line and the lot got packed. So let me say that again GET HERE EARLY. It opens at 11am. Get here at 9/9:30!! Being the Yelpers we are, we wrote a bunch of our reviews while in line. I'd suggest bringing something to do cause the line can take time. 

When the time is right, James will come out and give the whole line a pep rally over the deliciousness that will be in your possession. He gets the crowd ready and someone will come out to offer everyone samples. I'm not sure if that's an everyday thing but lord a bite of their sausage was good. 

Each plate comes with two sides so we got the pork rib and brisket. We got the jalapeno grits, potato salad, and slaw for sides. The icing on the cake was their pecan pie. Their brisket was so good, probably the best I've had so far. It was beyond melt in your mouth. Their ribs didn't look huge or super beefy but it was when you bit into it. I'm usually not a grits person but the spicy kick made it taste so much better. Their pecan pie is also very delicious but it was a lot to eat after that huge meal we had. We didn't get to eat it until a day after and it was still delicious! 

All in all, it was worth the wait. Come early so that the wait isn't too long!"
"Oh. My. Goodness. As good as any BBQ I've had anywhere incl the best places in Austin and Central Texas and only a 20 minute wait Wednesday at noon. I was torn betw wanting to scarf the really good sauce (esp the sweet hot mustard) and wanting to savor the brisket, not quite falling off the bone ribs, and moist turkey (!) even. Brisket had a perfect smoke ring and really nice crust. Spicy beans were the ideal kicker and Bekke's pecan pie finished it off leaving me with the post-orgasmic exhausted glow. Believe the hype, best BBQ in Phoenix by a long-shot. Scott Holmes has created a BBQ place of worship."
"Before i start, one big complaint i have with BBQ places in general is they all have a big sign posted saying ""voted best BBQ is USA!"" or ""Award winning BBQ!"".  Look at 120 BBQ joints and you will see 120 of these signs, which are obviously BS. I was glad not to see any  of these retarded signs at this place.  Now the food:

PRO: I went at 2PM Tuesday with no line, and took 10 minutes to get the grub.  But they were out of pulled pork which is what I was there for, so I got the sausage & brisket instead, with beans & potato salad.  Meat & beans were very good,  but salad was too simple & bland for me.
CON:1.  I think having a tip jar for people who just hand you food is silly, but the jar was full, so if they  can get away with it.....2.  They use the CHEAPEST bread you can buy--the same crap you buy at the dollar store! It ruins the point of having excellent meat!  It's like buying a Mercedes then coating it with a $20 paint job.  STUPID!  They should get better bread or make their own.  At the prices they are charging I stress the word SHOULD.
OVERALL:  I don't know if this place can compete with the Texas guys, but it is a tad better than most you see in the Phoenix area.  Just go buy your own bread!!!!"
I love their fatty brisket I would definitely go back to this place for more delicious and the best brisket I ever had
"Simply the best BBQ in town. And yes, you do have to wait in line - preferably before they open even - to assure getting the very best brisket I've ever had."
"The five stars is for the meats, all of them, and the awesome service and people that run this establishment. I have tried the brisket, chicken, beef ribs and sausage. All great. The brisket is super tender and just falls apart, which isn't typical for brisket in my experience, but this is delicious. Flavors are all great.

The sides are eh. I had beans that weren't cooked through all the way and the grits were just ok. I would say just come for the meat. 

If you have a group that doesn't mind eating around 11-11:30, call in your order a few days in advance and you can pick it up before 11am. This way you don't have to wait in line and you can make your own sides."
"OMG. Everything is good. My favorite is jalapeño grits. Truthfully I can not pick 8ne meat over another. Great service, worth the wait."
The food is really delicious here of you like BBQ. The prime rib and home made sausages were phenomenal. Come early so they don't run out of their most popular dishes. I didn't care for waiting in that extra long line and then having to sit outside on picnic tables but at least they were friendly and provided free tiny water bottles so you didn't have a heat stroke while you waited to put in your order.
This food is better than sex. Even further astounding than the product is the customer service (Even though it's an extraordinarily overrated aspect and I'd gladly supply a five star ranking if they just shipped out the food without any emotion). This will be the new barometer I gauge all other establishments off of
"Freakin A. So good. The bar has been set, maybe too high. All other meat from here on out will be compared to this place. Basically everyone in line is a foodie.  I mean who else is crazy enough to wait in line 2 hours for BBQ??  Nonetheless it did not disappoint! Between my wife and I, we had a huge beef rib , fatty brisket, house made jalapeño pork sausage, smoked turkey and the pulled pork.  It was absolutely phenomenal.  Everything was moist and tender, with so much flavor and smokiness.  My favorite was the beef rib (even the drier charred ends). It was almost like fresh jerkey. Most of the rib was juicy though.  The fatty brisket was so juicy and tender. Would definitely wait two more hours for another meal!"
"The BEST bbq I've had so far! My sister had raved about this place for a while now so I finally had the chance to go when I was visiting her. We were debating on how much to get to bring back to my family and as soon as we got their free fatty brisket sample while waiting in line we automatically said ""yep 5lbs!"" Lol it was so tender and flavorful! I never knew bbq could be that good! Their smoked turkey was also really juicy and flavorful. I was surprised. Most smoked poultry becomes dry but not theirs! 

Yay:
-Fatty brisket: super tender and flavorful
-lean brisket: although the fatty was my fave, this too was also tender and flavorful 
-turkey: it was so good with their honey mustard BBQ sauce
-beef rib: fell right off the bone!

Totally worth the wait! We came an hour before they opened and waited around 2 hours total to get our food. They are very friendly and offered cold bottled water and sunscreen for those in line. Definitely coming back!"
"Waiting for more than an hour was definitely worth it!!!! I was abit skeptical at first but now I am believer. The first day we found this little place on Yelp, we drove straight a way. When we got there the place was closed because they ran out of food, that was around 3 PM. The next day, we came at opening and when we got there the line was already at the parking lot. We were greeted by their friendly staff and we were offered water. While waiting in line I talked to several locals and they said the line was typical one. While waiting we were offered sausages and were given updates on what was still being sold inside. I heard (unfortunately I was only able to get the lean one) that fatty brisket is heavenly. Since we were visiting we tried a little bit of everything, from the lean brisket, pulled pork & ribs and they were all delish! If ever we go back to Phoenix we will definitely visit this place again."
"Come Early!!  The food sells out.  Open 11 to 4 by two o'clock  brisket and sausage was all the was left.  The El Jefe sandwich smoked brisket with sassage, potatoe saddled and slaw.   Very tasty.   The smoked Pecan pie is going to have to wait."
"I love BBQ and like many others, struggled to find decent meats. I'm from the Midwest and let's be honest, they know how to do BBQ. I'd heard about this place and was intrigued but not enough to wait in line. So, we ordered ahead and took home 5lbs if absolute deliciousness. All of the meats were fall off the bone tender with a subtly smokiness that didn't detract from the flavor. We tried the chopped brisket, pork ribs, pulled pork, sausage and beef ribs. The grits are awesome and our favorite side. We had so much extra meat that we were worried it wouldn't heat up but still just as good the next day. Needless to say, we do the order ahead every month and a half and just have a meat filled weekend. The staff is fantastic and it lives up the hype. Yes, the line is long but there are ways around it and once you try it, 5 lbs might not be enough. Finally, make sure you go on the weekend and get the beef ribs, hands down some of the best ribs I have ever had."
"Quite possibly the most tender meat I've ever had. It is full of flavor and super awesomely smoked/bbq'ed meats.  The line isn't for the weak of passion but it's plenty worth the wait and contributes to the overall experience.  Think of it as a positive version of the ""soup nazi"" in seinfeld...lol.   The staff is great and does everything they can to make it a great experience and I'm definitely coming back next time im in the mood and have some time.  The gentleman behind me said he comes about weekly."
It was amazing. I am from Tennessee and always looking for good BBQ in Arizona. I now have found it. Some of the best brisket ever. I can't say enough good things. The slaw is awesome. The portions are great. I love the house sauce. Definitely going back and taking the family.
"I don't have much to add -- the other reviewers nail it. The long wait is crazy for a lunch, but that's a well-established fact and there's no reason to gripe about it. Try every meat -- the fatty brisket is incredible, and the smoked turkey is amazing."
"If you are stuck in the no-mans-land of PHX airport hotels, get over to Little Miss BBQ! Hell, I walked there from the Hilton.

The Brisket is so tender you can cut it with a plastic fork. The sausage is the best I have ever had outside of Austin. 

Jalapeño grits are a change of pace and the outstanding BBQ beans are loaded with meat. Sauces are appropriately sweet and spicy. 

The owners seem dedicated to quality, no frills, no filler BBQ. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is the pastrami was gone by noon! I can only imagine how good it must be"
"Absolutely amazing bbq, huge portions, and outstanding service. I highly recommend this place to anyone who visits Phoenix and loves bbq. It's well worth the wait!"
"Best BBQ I've ever had, hands-down. The people who work there are great and offer free samples as you wait in line. The fatty brisket is to die for and can induce a food coma with very little quantity. The pulled pork is amazing too, as is the sausage. The turkey is so-so, but then, there's only so much you can do with turkey. Get there early if you're ordering on the fly and not pick up. The line can be slow-moving and long."
"Best BBQ in town.  Worth the wait in line.  Heck, bring tailgating supplies and make friends while you wait in line for the best BBQ you can buy locally."
"little Miss BBQ is beyond amazing, the hype surrounding this Phoenix gem is all 100% true. This is an absolute must have if visiting the Phoenix area, or if you are a long time resident. 

Be sure to get here early, like many of the BBQ greats, the wait is long (worth it), and the Dodd doesn't make it through a full day. Don't let this detour you."
"12 hours later and I am still full, everything was excellent , I am from Indiana/Kentucky and we know BBQ, this place was awesome, service was awesome , talked to the owners like we were best friends , be back next week to try the turkey out"
"Without a doubt the meats here are the best bbq I've had in Arizona!!  So tender and delicious and they pair very well with any of their 3 bbq sauces. 

Prepare to wait at least a couple of hours. I got in line at 1035am on a Friday and did not order my food until 115pm. Although it is a very long wait I will say to at least try this place once it would be worth it. 

I don't give it 4 stars for the wait because I knew what I was getting myself into it but I wasn't that impressed with the sides. 

The list of sides was very limited including potato salad, beans, grits, and coleslaw. I did enjoy the beans.. the baked beans were made with a Lima bean like bean instead of the traditional southern style baked beans. The potato salad I truly wasn't a fan of. It's not like any potato salad I've ever had. It seems like chopped up potatoes tossed in a watery mayo or ranch sauce.. I honestly couldn't tell. 

Although the sides are the main show the meats are incredibly good!  I had the pork ribs and pulled pork. Everything was so succulent and tender. Every meat that they had available seemed to look incredible and I have no doubt it taste just as good!  

I certainly would wait again to have their bbq on a special occasion or if I'm really craving some good bbq."
"Don't go here.  I repeat do not go.  This is the best BBQ in AZ and I want you to stay away.  Seriously.  If you go messing up my secret BBQ spot I'm gonna be seriously mad.  If you do go, do not try the brisket, the pork ribs, the beef ribs, the sausage, the turkey, or the pulled pork.  Just have like pickles and bread or something.  If you do you're gonna come back and mess up my secret BBQ spot in AZ.  Also don't talk to the owners.  They're really nice people and you'll like them and want to promote their business because it's ridiculous BBQ run by ridiculously nice people.  Then you'll tell all of your friends and they'll ruin my secret BBQ spot in AZ.  

So what I'm really saying is I already hate you all for making me wait in line for hours a few months down the road once you don't listen to me and ruin my secret BBQ spot in AZ."
"We came in and  was getting ready for a catering event. He dropped everything and served us the BEST ribs and chicken ever! Even though he was closed !!
Nicest guy, best food, and one hell of a local's bar too!
Really great experience and definitely a must do in the city."
"Great BBQ, brisket is excellent, best I have had outside of Texas."
"My boyfriend now comes to visit Phoenix for Little Miss BBQ, then Cubs spring training, and then me."
"As a foodie, taste and quality are the most important. With that criteria, I would give 3.5 stars for the BBQ.

The pork ribs were tender and juicy, but did not have any smoke flavor. In fact, the ribs had a bright look to them as if they were cooked covered in foil. The house sauce was good on its own, but covered up any taste of the ribs.

The brisket fat had lots of good smoky flavor. However, the meat was very bland. Needed sauce just to have flavor.

The sides were disappointingly average.

Price: way overpriced!!! ($19/lb for brisket!) (At $14.50/lb, pork ribs will cost $35 or more for a full slab)

I have never waited 2 hours for food, and will likely never do it again.
The limiting factor at this place is that the owner is the only one serving the meat:
For each order, he takes a wrapped package of meat out of the warmer, cuts your order, rewraps the meat, puts it back into the warmer, gets the second meat for your order, unwraps the meat, cut a few pieces, rewraps it, place it back in the warmer, repeats the same again for the third meat or next order! This is extremely inefficient, and leads to the long wait!

This place is the current local BBQ trend hot spot. However, the average BBQ, high prices, and long wait in this setting will not be sustainable long term unless things improve.

Service: the owner and family members were very friendly. They brought us bottle water during the long wait. They made the difficult parking and long wait bearable. (The cashier was borderline rude.)

Though I give only 3.5 stars for the BBQ, I will gIve 4 stars total for the overall experience. One can sense the heart and passion that they have devoted."
"There is a line. A little over an hour wait, but it was worth it! The food is delicious and the staff is great!   We not only ate our lunch inside, we also ordered more brisket to go."
"This is what the fatty brisket, beef short rib, sausage, beans, grits, onions, jalapeños, spicy bbq sauce and yeah still place for a pecan pie. This is what a $50 plate look like. You will definitely forget about the hours of standing time when you see the counter. My biggest suggestion is get into line between 10:30 to 11:00 so that you will get a chance to try fatty brisket. A big party of friends or family would be much economical. I'm from KC always a big fan of bbq this place never disappoint me."
Outstanding! Tried everything but the beef short ribs-the brisket does melt in your mouth! The sausage is wonderfully spiced and not at all heavy in texture. Absolutely incredible-worth the wait. The staff is very nice too and it's very cool to see you meats get cut right in front of you. Wish they had a recycle bin. ;) a must try!!!
"Well, do not come here if you are hungry, you will have to wait in line, outside, for at least an hour or two. And you may very well end up disappointed.  Today, an hour and a half wait, and we got here at 11:30, opens at 11. Then about an hour into the wait, they start coming through the line an announcing the items they have sold out. And numerous people just walking up to ""someone they know"" and cutting in line. Poor system. I arrived at 11:30 and they were out of pork and brisket by the time I got to order. Sheese!!!

Finally eating. Food is really fine, but maybe not worth the pain."
"Really, really good.  I'd shave off half a star for being a little too salty, but otherwise this place sets the bar for barbeque.  Definitely one of the best bbq I've had in a long time.  Try the pecan pie!  It's 5 bucks, but it's worth it!"
"At the risk of sounding redundant w most of the reviews for little miss, it is amazing.  The side dishes are often overlooked in BBQ restaurants, however, not here.  The beans have so much pulled pork in them it's crazy. So delicious. The fatty brisket is certainly the star, but the lean is worth the wait if you get there too late. This past visit, I tried the turkey too- it was moist, flavorful and perfect.  I will be ordering one for Christmas. 
A little known secret about little miss, you can call in and order to go, a day ahead and skip the line. One small catch - 5lb min."
By far the best bbq I've ever had...  And my husband is a smoker by trade!  (also bbq)
Five stars for the fatty brisket!  Five for the pork ribs too! But the sides???  2 stars at best....they just aren't that good. The owner was cordial and engaging and staff was really nice. Did not like the prompt to tip when you pay. There is no waiter.....just a check out line. Tips for checkout?  I don't think so.
"You don't get better barbecue then this!! WOW! Everything they serve here is done with attention to detail and you can definitely taste the love!  Family ran business!  If you want phenomenal central Texas style barbecue, you need to come here!  Worth the trip wherever you are in Phoenix.  

Don't bother going to other spots in Phoenix for BBQ. I've been to them and they just don't stand up to the quality and prices this place delivers!"
"I ordered BBQ for 25 for an event at work so I got 7 lbs of pulled pork, 7 lbs of pork ribs plus two sides (beans and grits).  The total came to $311, which was $12.44 per person. 

Not a bad price for BBQ but it was a high price for the flavor. I'm still trying to figure out what the long lines are all about.

I read a past review that said: ""All I could taste throughout my meal was black pepper"" and I completely agree. S&P are always good on red meat but they put it to the extreme here. The sauce helped drown it out but I don't like much sauce on my BBQ. 

My hope is that the brisket is better, since most reviews mention it. For my money, Texas BBQ House is better. Better variety, flavor profile, store appearance and smoke.  

Sorry LMBBQ, your long lines didn't equate to better BBQ for me."
"I've been wanting to eat here for YEARS, and I know what I want, the beef brisket. BUT, when I read the Yelp reviews many different times, about the parking, their limited hours (no dinner) about waiting in the sun for up to 1.5 hours, and THEN finding out they ""ran out"" of meat when your turn finally came, my eyeballs just roll up and I falter backwards.  Not committed enough to bring myself to drive the long distance to try to try Little Miss BBQ....ALONE, never having had a taste before, to see that it was worth it.

So I ended up signing up with Arizona Asian Community MeetUp to eat here on July 22, 2017, so I'd have people to stand in line with and brave all those above-mentioned obstacles.  I was the first MeetUp person out of 21 who signed up, to arrive at 10:30.  I was happy to be given a number to stand in line with by ""parking lot attendant"" who turned out to be the owner's dad.  I had to park in the lot of a closed business across the street.  

I estimate I was the 30th person from the beginning of the line.  But after the restaurant opened at 11 am, the line didn't seem to move at all.   After moving about 5 feet, I measured that the line only moved another 15 feet IN ONE HOUR!  I ended up waiting 2 hours and 15 min before I got to the counter to place my order, during which I took pictures of other people's plates as they came out.  But they took care of us, gave us cold bottled water, which we refilled at those big orange HD jugs, really icy water in the jugs too.  Also someone came around twice, giving us sausage samples.  They had a mister on the line.  Wish they had MORE fans and misters UNDER the roof of the outdoor seating picnic table area.  

When it was finally my turn, I had to make my 2.25 hour wait in line worth it.  I ordered 1.5 lbs sliced FATTY brisket (cos someone in line told me the leaner one is not as tasty, and kinda dry, needs BBQ sauce), 1/3 lb of ribs, which turned out to be only 3 rib bones for $5, 1 brisket plate with 2 sides for $13.75, totaling $53.00 including tax.  If I had known then that the large beef rib bones that cost $22.00/lb is only offered Fri and Sat, I woulda bought one of those to go, too.  

One bite of the melt-in-mouth brisket made all my thoughts of the gruesome wait in line, worth it just like every one says it is worth it!  And the beans and cheddar grits was also 5 stars.  I have all these ideas to try to replicate the sides at home, glad I splurged to buy them.  While I was sitting, someone came to check on me,make sure I had everything I needed.  I asked ""Who are YOU?""  It was the owner named Scott.  He told me how he and his wife came to open the restaurant about 3.5 years ago and what the restaurant was two owners before (Mexican mom and pop).  He said the man in the parking lot was his dad and his brother was working the line too.  

I asked Scott what do they do to make the brisket sooooo melt-in-your-mouth, and so much BETTER than other BBQ places.  He said it wasn't so much their method, but the cow itself.  They buy premium beef from midwest mom and pop farmers who raise stress-free cows by following the recommendations of Temple Grandin, the autistic ""cow whisperer"".  Yes, I read her books about how she reformed the cattle industry and slaughterhouses.  

https://www.amazon.com/Temple-Grandin-Embraced-Autism-Changed/dp/0544339096/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1500865944&sr=1-1&keywords=temple+grandin+books

https://www.amazon.com/Temple-Grandins-Guide-Working-Animals/dp/1612127444/ref=sr_1_2?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1500865944&sr=1-2&keywords=temple+grandin+books

Then I asked Scott another Q that my eating buddy (not present) kept broaching, ""How come if they are so successful and the line so long, they don't open up ANOTHER location and make more money"".    Much to my relief, Scott said he was working on that, and just signed a contract to open a second location on Central Ave in the Sunnyslope area.  The building was much larger, bigger parking lot, and it was a place that he said could be expanded even more.  I didn't ask when he thought the second location would open, cos it sounded so far in the future.  

I don't think I would do another Sat in the summer again, as waiting 2.25 hours is longer than others posted, but for my very first visit, the wait was WORTH that HEAVENLY sensual experience of the aroma and feeling of piece of brisket disintegrating on my tongue.  Scott said their lightest days are Tues and Wed.  I don't have a boss to answer to, so I can come at 10:30 am Tues or Wed, in the future, and hopefully my next visit will be to their new location in Sunnyslope."
Long wait but well worth it. I've had everything there and it's excellent. Customer service was really good considering the wait. They checked on the line multiple times and even give out samples while you wait.
Kick ass BBQ!!! If you are in the Phoenix area this is a most eat! Brisket & pulled pork are fab!
"Every bit as good as advertised.  Plan on arriving a few hours before they open and a long stand in line, but the shade and misters make it easy to tolerate.  The food is absolutely worth the wait.  Meat, sides, dessert, everything, all of it.  A+

Something worth noting is how amazingly friendly and fun the staff are.  It really adds an element to the experience.  

I'll be back and very frequently, and certainly bringing my own camping chair."
"Having driven by Little Miss nearly every day on my way to work I finally made good on the promise I made to myself that I would eat there.  Of course It wasn't a secret by that time with a ton of great reviews already on Yelp.  Still, I feel the need to say that it was pretty much the best brisket I've found in my time in the Phoenix area.  Tender.  Tender.  Tender.

For just under $12 I got a healthy-sized sandwich of delicious smoked meats, a bottle of Mexican coke and a side of potato salad.  I don't remember ever having barbeque as satisfying as this for less money."
"Score another five-star review for the incomparable Little Miss BBQ. The brilliance of the owners to bring authentic Texas BBQ to a market that offers little in the way of truly excellent 'Q cannot be overstated. While Little Miss could certainly hold her own in the Mecca of BBQ that is Texas, no one in the valley can hold a candle, or perhaps a smoker, to her offerings.

I'll start with the establishment itself. Being located in an industrial part of town, near the airport, would seem to be an inauspicious sign. However, just as one cannot judge a book by it's cover, so too can one not judge BBQ by it's location. The building itself is small, only offering about a half-dozen tables inside for consuming their bountiful meat. Outside, there is a larger patio area with picnic tables to provide sufficient seating for patrons of the establishment. The parking is quite cramped but very well organized with a system in place to ensure that waiting for a spot won't cost you a place in line. I recommend arriving about 45 minutes to an hour before opening time to ensure yourself the best possible experience and full access to all the menu offerings - the meat can tend to go quick!

The meat itself is impressive. I highly recommend ordering the brisket for your first visit. Fatty or lean, it does not matter, both carry an excellent flavor with perfect trimming, moist texture, and accentuated by a delightful, smoky char. You need not worry about any inedible bites or excess fat that was not trimmed. The Jefe is also an excellent first-time choice as it features either brisket or pork paired with sausage on a bun. Pork and sausage aren't quite my tempo, but both are above-average and perfectly satisfying for regular connoisseurs. 

Perhaps the only deduction I could assign Little Miss is their sides. While the jalapeño cheddar grits are excellent, especially for grits-lovers, the other sides leave a bit to be desired. The potato salad has improved since I first started visiting, but the coleslaw and beans have a ways to go to match the quality of the meat. That said, no one comes to a BBQ joint for good beans, so I hardly see this as being too large of a negative.

Finally there is the service. The people at Little Miss BBQ are wonderful. Warm, friendly, and passionate are how I would best describe them. They love their BBQ and they know you will too."
Easily the best brisket & sausage I've ever had and I've been to a few places. I haven't tried the other meats yet but I'm sure they're excellent also. The jalapeño cheese cheese grits are awesome.This is a true BBQ joint and I can't imagine any place that can top this. There will be a line out the door but the staff there is awesome and more than happy to converse with you and give out samples of the meat. Awesome food! Awesome people running this place too!
"If you like meat, friendly service, and more meat then go here. My advice is to get there early because there is literally always a line out the door when they open. But not to worry...if you do have to wait they offer you bottled water and you get to marvel at their tremendous smoker. 

Fantastic food (I highly recommend the Jefe Sandwich with Brisket and a side of the jalapeño cheddar grits), super friendly staff, and pretty reasonable prices. 

Don't be put off by their location. It's an ""up and coming"" area. 

GO HERE! You won't regret it."
"Crazy good BBQ, and a Crazier waiting time, but I'd do it again.  The guy cutting up and serving the meat had a great attitude, and the only thing that was better was the actual BBQ!  Not surprising, this place is really, really busy!"
What a treat!  A friend picked up lunch and delivered to me at work today.  Wow!  I didn't know about Little Miss BBQ until today.  Love that brisket and grits!
"Truly one of the best BBQ IN PHOENIX if not THE Best. It's like meat market kinda place. Long lines, try to come before they open. It can get expensive if you are feeding more than 2 people. Very tasty and great quality. I love that they let you try some while waiting in line. Makes the line more bareable."
Sorry I don't understand the big deal.  I said OK I will try and waited for 40 minutes to find out when I got inside they were out of sliced meat
"Read about the showing up at 10AM on Saturday and thought that people were making up the wait fime. It took us 2 hours to get our food, but it was worth every bite. 

Had the pork ribs and lean brisket. For me the ribs were the bomb. I optimized my food intake by avoiding carbs."
Went to Little Miss BBQ for first time on Thursday.  Hands down best bbq in Phoenix.  All the food was great and the owner who carved the meat was engaging and friendly.  Parking is difficult and seating area is small but all worth it because of the food.
"Thank you, Howard Seftel for your review in The Republic.  Best BBQ in Phoenix!  The 40 minute wait was totally worth it, just for the cheesy jalapeño grits! Then there was brisket so tasty and tender you can cut it with a plastic fork! Did I mention the smoked pecan pie?  Whoa!  Scott the owner told us his story and let us get up and close to the smoker. All the people in this joint are happy!"
"The lunchtime wait is outrageous here.  I arrived 10 minutes before they open at 11 and the parking lot was already full.  Thankfully they have a lot attendant to keep things under control because the lot is tiny and all nearby business do not allow anyone else to park there.  I was 2nd in line for a parking spot and after 15 minutes I was able to park.  After waiting to park we waited 30 minutes in line for food. 

I didn't think anything could possibly be worth the wait but I was wrong.  The guys working the counter  are super nice and handed out samples and the food was outrageously awesome.  All of the meats I had were awesome especially the pastrami.  The potato salad was average but holy cow the meat is good. 

 I'd recommend going late to avoid the stupid long wait.  Very little inside seating, plenty outside."
"Well worth the wait.  Our department went here last summer and waited about 45 minutes in line.  The owner and all the employees were excellent and provided a bit of relief during the wait.  It was hot but I would definitely do it again.  So far it's the best BBQ in Phoenix that I've had and I've been Bobby Q, Rudy and Can't stop so far.  Dickies is more like fast food so really can't compete.  If you get the chance try the pastrami, never had it from a BBQ place but it was excellent.  Actually, everything was a hit."
"Best barbecue I have had in a long time.  Did not get there until about 3:30, they close at 4.  Only sausage and shredded brisket left.  Still delicious.  Would highly recommend if in the area (by the airport)."
"If you like expensive, fatty BBQ, then is the place for you. 
After reading all of the gushing reviews for Little Miss, we decided to give it a try. We were third in line and the 25 minute wait wasn't bad. When we got inside the place, my wife looked at the menu board and went ""Oh No"". The prices were quite high, a two meat plate with tax was over 16 bucks $16.00+. We both ordered lean brisket and a rib plus 2 sides. 
To be fair, both the brisket and rib was tender but since they wrap the brisket and ribs in either butchers paper or aluminum foil and put them in a warming oven before carving, a leather boot would be tender. 
Both cuts were loaded with fat. I do not mind some marbling on my BBQ but this was over the top with fat. The meat itself was bland. No slight flavor from the dry rub or the hardwood.  Personally, a bit of crusty bark on ""Q"" does a lot for the flavor.
Little Miss is a step above, Rudy's, Honey Bears, Dave's and Can't Stop Smokin BBQ but price wise any of those places are a better money value.
Would I return to Little Miss BBQ? No!"
"I recently moved from California bay area to Phoenix and my office is very close to this palce. Seeing the big BBQ sign i decided to give it a shot. Parking lot area is small so im glad i got here somewhat early before a lunch rush. The place is small. They have cute picnic tables out front along with there smokers. It smells heavenly outside while waiting to order.

I ordered there 2 meat place. I chose brisket & pork ribs and the 2 sides were beans and potatoe salad. They give you a choice of lean or fatty brisket and i chose fatty. OH MAN IT WAS AMAZING! The brisket was smoked to perfection, so tender and juicy and bursting with flavor. It was the best brisket i have ever tried. The pork ribs were also very good, alot of flavor and super tender practically fell off the bone. The sides were equally as tasty but i wished the beans were traditional baked bean which was what i was expecting.. just my personal preference. 

The only reason i gave this place 4 starts instead of 5 is because it cost me $33.00 for my lunch. I am not sure if this was a mistake by the girl who rang me up or it really is that expensive... but if it is i dont think i would regularirly eat here for lunch while the food was excellent and portion size was good thats pretty expensive for 1 persons lunch.

Overall i really liked the place brisket was my fav. I would recommend it. I would however like to know if i was over charged.. maybe one of you regulars on here could tell me the price of a 2 meat plate?

***UPDATE FROM MY ABOVE POST***
Turns out there was a mistake and i was double charged. Scott the owner messaged me on here extreamly fast and apologized for the mistake he fully refunded me the money and hand delivered it to my work with in an hour of my post! I have to say I am very impressed by his level of customer service. That to me is going above and beyond to keep good buisness and doing the right thing. I will def. be a repeat customer here :)"
OUTSTANDING!! We waited in line for lunch for 55 minutes. Not one complaint all the people around us are so friendly and the staff was even more friendly. We even got a tour of their kitchen and how they smoke all the meat.The beef brisket was to die for. This was our first visit and we will definitely come back every time we visit Phoenix
"Awesome BBQ shop. It opens at 11 am and I was there around 10:58 and there was already a line of 30 people. It took about 30 min to get inside and get my food, but it was well worth the wait. While ordering my food I got to try sausage and brisket (the best brisket of my life) and I ordered a pork sandwich. Also amazing. I want to go back and try more BBQ options! The staff was amazing, a man welcomed me with a bottled water while I waited in line and he went out of his way to ask me how it was after I was finished eating."
"Hmm good BBQ.  I had the pork ribs, beef ribs, chopped brisket(too late for brisket) turkey, and sausage. Also coleslaw, grits, and beans.
The food was excellent and service was as well
The wait was 1hr, but I'm guessing the wait's like that on any given Saturday. They handed out free water and samples to those waiting in line which was nice.  There were lawn chairs if you wanted to sit and wait but the line moved fairly quickly. 
They also save the beef bones for dogs so if you have a pup they'll give you free bones. 
If you wanna try all the meats, come early (especially the brisket)."
"Meat your destiny at Little Miss BBQ. Upon the horizon of hog meat you see a gentle stream of BBQ sauce. Tides of turkey legs wash ashore. You stop once but you can eat even more. 

Pickled onion zest combines with tasty swine flesh. Tangy mustard sauce entangled in beef brisket that is hella boss. 

You must wait for your meat by weight... but trust me it's worth the wait."
"Excellent service, great variety of smoked meats. They are closed Sun and Monday. If you want pastrami, they offer it on Thursday only. Open 11am and closed when they run out. Be prepare to wait in line with limited parking."
"The best brisket and beef ribs in Arizona. The staff members are super friendly, and the owner, Scott, is always making customers feel welcome. This establishment has the perfect recipe for being an epic restaurant"
"""Worth The Wait In Line!!! Best Brisket I've Had Since Texas!""

After repeatedly hearing about Little Miss BBQ, and reading what reviewers had to say, I decided to make the trek to try our the food for myself. I also wanted to go before the heat of summer hit. I knew a few basic things (the line starts forming outside about 40 minutes before they open, for the full selection of meats you need to arrive early, and when they run out of food they close) and so I planned accordingly. 

When I arrived at 10:20 am (they open at 11:00) all but 1 of the regular parking spots were already taken, and there were already around 20 people in line! A friendly gentleman named Denny was already directing traffic in the lot, and handing out bottled water as customers arrived and moved into line. I was lucky to be near enough to the front of the line to stand in the shade and under the misters. I also had the good fortune to stand just behind a friendly group who included me in their conversation and made the time pass more quickly. 

At first there was nobody behind me but when I turned around after about 10 minutes, there were at least 30 more people in line behind me - and more kept coming! Going early was a good decision! I was glad that I was treating this as an adventure rather than getting irritated about the wait. It was nice that they kept handing out cold water.

They opened precisely at 11:00 but it was still quite awhile before I made it to the head of the line. Even though I had gotten to sample a couple of items while waiting, and got to see how the ordering/serving process worked, I was still a bit overwhelmed when it was my turn to order. I wanted some of everything, but settled on thick slices of house made pastrami (a special that day) a house made pork and jalapeno sausage link, two big pork ribs, nice thick slices of fatty (moist) brisket and a side of coleslaw.

There is only one person cutting and weighing the meat, but he was friendly, fast and would let you try a sample if you were having trouble deciding what you wanted. I liked that the meat was all cut to order and that I could be so specific about my preferences for fat and bark and how much I wanted. I also liked that it was cooked without sauce so you can really taste the smoked meat. I would estimate that it took about 5 minutes to order and pay for my food, but my order was perfect! I took everything to go as the indoor seating area is pretty small, and it had gotten a bit warm for me to eat in the outdoor seating. I was given generous amounts of all 3 sauces - mustard, spicy, and regular, and some onions, pickles and white bread. I couldn't wait to get home and try everything. I walked out the door with my purchases at 11:40, pleased with my 80 minute adventure.

Once home, I had to have a bite of everything. I enjoyed the moist flavorful pastrami, which was brined and then smoked had the perfect amount of fat and bark on it. The ribs were nicely seasoned, moist, tender, meaty, perfectly cooked and not too fatty. The sausage was delicious as well, but the brisket was To Die For!!! It was perfectly moist and flavorful, with great texture. It nearly melted in my mouth! Nothing was overly salty, and to my surprise, I loved all of the sauces. I'm not a big bbq sauce fan and am pretty hard to please, but I LOVED the mustard based sauce. Second favorite was the spicy sauce, but the regular was good too. I tried all three sauces with each of the meats. I really enjoyed the coleslaw which was not drowning in dressing, but very bright and refreshing.

I would go through the process of visiting here again in a heartbeat! I'll most likely come a bit earlier, bring a book, and wait to be delighted! It is WORTH the wait. It was a bit pricey, but work every penny given the quality and flavor.


I was told by other customers that later in the day the line is much shorter, but that you stand the chance that your favorites may be sold out, or that they may have completely sold out and closed early. They are also not as busy once the triple digit temperatures move in for the summer."
"Oh holy God I waited from 10:40 am to 1:00 pm on a Saturday for this food and it was well worth it.

We got the chopped brisket (amazing), shredded pork (amazing) and sausage (4 stars - the casing was a little hard to chew through on the end). We ended up getting the food to go which meant we got sauces from the fridge which was sad because cold sauce on hot meat is less than ideal. I was also bummed that they didn't include utensils in the to-go bag but after waiting 2 hours, I may have missed grabbing the utensils on the way out.

Separate shoutout to the guys running the parking lot - polite, unhurried, and having them manage a crowded parking lot made my life much easier."
"This is the best BBQ in Phoenix hands down! Get there before 2pm or you will not eat brisket. FYI, don't go on a rainy day thinking you'll miss the lines. EVERY ONE ELSE is thinking the exact same thing. Trust me I learned the hard way."
"Just another five star review!

Enjoyed a huge plate of fatty brisket, sausage, and turkey. Can't impress enough that this is THE BEST BBQ I've ever had!

Be prepared for a wait, but don't miss this in Phoenix!"
"The folks that work here are awesome and really make this an experience. Don't come if you're expecting a quick lunch. I arrived around 11:10 on a weekday and waited about 45 minutes to order. They let you sample all the different cuts before you make a decision.  Most of the bbq was pretty good, but didn't reach ""my eyes rolling back in their sockets"" amazing which is what I expected after these reviews.  The pastrami was very dry and salty. Fatty brisket was the best cut for me followed by the sausage of all things. The sides tasted like they had been cooked and were sitting out for a while - not impressed. Overall, Little Miss is worth checking out at least once. For me, it wasn't above and beyond some other local offerings....and definitely pales in the nationwide bbq hunt.  Seems like they've got a good following though so my chip in the reviews shouldn't hurt too much."
"The food at Little Miss BBQ is easily 5-star worthy (and then some). Here's the thing though, I'm an impatient person and I'm not sure if there's ANY food worth that wait that takes place here (or I guess the process of waiting...at least in a full service restaurant with a wait you're not standing in line and there's often a bar to sit at it). The 1000+ reviews pretty much sum up how things work (in my case I got here a half hour before they opened, I'm guessing there was about 50-60 people in front of me when I got in line, and then I waited about an hour after they opened to get food). My understanding is that this is pretty typical for here. I know that this is pretty standard for ANY good BBQ because it's just how things work with the cooking/smoking process so I certainly won't knock them for it. I guess what I'm saying is, it's a personal preference on what you'll do for food (and like i said, the BBQ here is AMAZING). For me, the wait here is tolerable for a special occasion (I was here for a friend's birthday lunch), but I couldn't do it regularly. 

As far as the food itself I got the pulled pork with beans & grits. OMG was it good! The pork melted in my mouth. I tried two of the three sauces on the table (the non-spicy BBQ and the mustard) and they both added a ton of flavor. The beans were delicious. There was little pieces of meat in them that made them extra good & fatty. The grits are jalepeno/cheddar and they're creamier than most grits, and are also DELICIOUS. 

The menu here is pretty simple. In addition to the pulled pork they do brisket, sausage (which was being sampled while in line and was delicious), as well as ribs. In addition to the beans and grits they do coleslaw & potato salad for sides. The prices are very reasonable for (really good) BBQ. They can do most meats as a sandwich with a side for around $10-11 or a 1/2 lb of meat w/two sides for around $11-$14. They also sell meat by the lb. 

Little Miss BBQ is only open from 11-4 or until they run out of food (and from what I understand that usually happens before 4) so there's no way you're showing up here and NOT waiting in line."
"A family operation that knows what barbecue is all about. I've eaten here on a number of occasions and have yet to have a bad meal. The elder statesman will be outside conducting tours of the smoker and handing out bottles of water to patrons standing in line. The young pitmaster is inside carving and serving up some of the best Texas barbecue to be had outside of Austin or Longview; not to mention this is the friendliest service I've seen in a long time.

The Upside: The food is phenomenal. Absolutely the best Texas-style barbecue in Phoenix bar none. You need to get here early because Scott only smokes so much and he usually sells out by 1:30pm. But, the beef ribs, when offered, are usually gone by 12;30...

For pork ribs, the meat just falls off the bone. For beef ribs, the cracked pepper rub is the best. The brisket has a nice bark and a smoke flavor that's just outstanding, Having eaten here on several occasions, none of the meats have been dry or anything other than top notch. The sauces are all made in-house. 

The sides are also excellent. My favorites are the cole slaw and the barbecue beans. They've recently started offering a pecan pie baked off in the smoker. I can't wait to try this new item. Sorry, guys, I'm not a fan of cheese grits -- no matter what!! (LOL!!) Drinks? Canned and bottled Coke products are offered. 

The Downside: They open at 11:00am. If you arrive after 11:30, you'll spend more time waiting on line than you will ordering/eating. Recently, I arrived just before noon and didn't get done eating until almost 2:00pm. The line outside the door, a testament to the quality of the food, is also the real enemy of this place.  If you're handicapped, you're S.O.L. Plan accordingly.

I would have given Little Miss BBQ five stars, but have to knock them down half a star because if you're handicapped or simply can't stand in line for almost an hour it's practically impossible to eat here. There are no phone orders (I tried.) -- unless you order more than five lbs of meat and place your order 48 hrs in advance. However, if you;re willing (or able) to stand in line, it's the best bbq around."
"Been here 3 times. The food is excellent! The lines are long, and it's HOT right now, but the BBQ is worth it. If you're looking for brisket, get the fatty cut!"
"This is better than most of the BBQ I've had in Texas. All of the staff were extremely friendly, the parking attendant, cooks, cashier, and manager. The complementary water bottles and sunscreen outside were a nice touch. The line wasn't bad--the misters made it tolerable. The BBQ brisket and house BBQ sauce were amazing. Perfectly seasoned and very tender. The sample I had of the fatty brisket was delicious. Our group tried their pies, buttermilk & pecan, both were exceptional. 

10/10 would definitely return and bring friends."
Still the best ever! I stopped in on the way to the airport. I actually changed to a later flight so I could be sure to stop here for some BBQ.  The line was long but who cares. The line started moving once they opened. I had the Jefe sandwich and cheddar jalapeño grits. My lunch was great!! While waiting in line one of the guys passed out sausage samples and once inside everyone was given samples of that great brisket. This is absolutely the best food around.
"Really good brisket. Everything else was mehhh

The ribs are much better at Texas BBQ House on Roeser right down the road and 1/3rd the wait time. The brisket is too for that matter.

The wait at this place was about an hour and the pricing is fairly high. Their 5 star rating won't be around for too long once the hype dies down.



It is still the 2nd best BBQ in town."
"We came all the way from NYC for this BBQ. I couldn't believe there was such a long line in 106 degree weather but it was MORE than with it. By the time we got to the counter, the beef ribs and fatty brisket was gone but the chopped brisket (that I topped with spicy bbq sauce) and jalapeño grits were amazing!  Then,  the smoked pecan pie was the best pecan pie I have ever tasted.  Can't wait to come back (we were told to be there by 10:15 to get in early!!"
"After hearing so many outstanding reviews from several friends, I was very excited to try this place. I waited until I could go on a Friday, so I could try out their huge beef ribs. The line when we arrived was only about 1/2 hour which was decent from what I've heard. While in line they shared some slices of the sausage that I must admit was fabulous. I'm a fan of hot links, an while their sausage was not very spicy it was seasoned nicely, and cooked perfectly. 

When I finally got in the door to place my order I was shocked at just how small the place was. I ordered a two meat meal to eat there, and a beef rib plus some turkey to take home to my wife. For my two meat meal I had the fatty brisket, and pork ribs, or should I say rib. I was disappointed by the quantity of meat for the meal. I got one slice of brisket, and one 4"" pork rib. I had the beans and grits for my sides. 

I will say that the meats were cooked very well! The brisket could be cut with a plastic fork, and since brisket is one of the toughest pieces of beef on a cow, that's saying something. The pork rib had just the right amount of firmness to it, and it came off of the bone clean. I liked the fact that they do not sauce they meats prior to service, so you can choose what sauce you want, if any. They make 3 kinds of sauce if you want. They have a spicy, a sweet, and a mustard sauce, and I had to try them all. I usually like things on the spicy side, but our found their spicy sauce lacking in heat of any kind. Their sweet sauce was on point, and very good. As for their mustard sauce I will say that it's one of the better ones I've ever had, but then I not much of a fan of mustard sauces. 

Now for the taste review. I love smoked meats, and I've been smoking my own meat for several years, so I may have a bias to my own cooking style. I found the that all of the meats lacked in any seasoning flavors from either the smoke or the rubs. They let the meat speak for itself, and it was good quality meat, so it was not bad, but I prefer having at least some hints of flavor from both the smoke and the spices. The one pork rib I had had a hint of smoke taste to it, and it was enjoyable. I would have to say that it was the best of the 4 meats I tried. The Turkey was moist and cooked perfectly, but I thought it lacked in flavor. The fatty brisket was tender and juicy, but also lacked in character. The beef rib tasted just like the brisket, so don't waste your money paying extra for a HUGE bone. My one beef rib was about a pound and a quarter, but I only got about a half a pound of meat from it, and at $22/lb that's an expensive bone. If you like their beef then just stick with the brisket, since it's cheaper, and you don't pay extra for a bone. The tastes are almost identical. The beans were excellent, but almost cold by the time I ate them, and that was eating them there at the restaurant. The grits were okay, but they were stone cold when I ate them. I'm not sure if their food warmers were set to low, or what, since I only walked from the counter to the closest table inside to eat. My only other complaint was that there was no salt or pepper available, and since their meats lacked seasoning a little salt would have helped. 

I summary I have to say that these do a great job cooking their meats, and because they use quality meats it produces a good product. Would I say it's the best I've had...sorry no. I love spice, and strong flavors. I'm the guy who eats the suicide chicken wings, and likes them with a good sauce, but not just a bunch of crushed red peppers, or a dusting of some insanely hot chili powder. I enjoy complex flavors, and when it comes to BBQ that should include the taste of smoke, and maybe a hint of rub. Little Miss BBQ failed to provide that. If I could I would have only given them 3.5 stars, since I felt their product lacked in flavor, and their food service was poor in timing and in the temperature of the product. They do need to expand so they can cut down the wait times, and only 5 tables indoors is a joke."
"Waited about an hour out in the sun in 90 plus degree weather, but worth the wait. Had a bit of everything, brisket, sausage, pulled pork, and pecan pie. An older dude who I think may have been the owner came by asked how we were, told us the origin of the ""little miss"" name and even gave us a wrapped up bone for our dog. Definitely would come back."
"Excellent pulled pork, brisket and hot link.  Ribs were good but average - suggest saving room for the other three at the top of the list."
"Just had my first experience of Little Miss BBQ... omg amaaaaaaazing BBQ!!!  The fatty brisket is certifiably off the chart, just ridiculously good.  The lean brisket is almost as good.  The beef short rubs are really good, too, just not as noteworthy as the brisket.  I have been searching for BBQ on par with the best in Kansas City, and this just might be better.  And in Phoenix!  Wow!!!"
"I've been to a few bbq spots here in AZ that claim they're the best, by far this place blows them all out of the water. Side note, make sure you show up early or you will miss out on this gem."
"The best BBQ I have ever had.  Definitely worth the wait.  All of the meats are awesome.  Try the beef rib.  The price at $20 a pound seems steep, but it is amazing.  Just like getting braised short ribs at nicer sit down restaurant, but way more meat.  So soft and tender, the meat almost melts in your mouth."
"They shoulda named it Deelish Bbq, yummy, moist, worth waiting an hour in the blazing sun for...security guy handed out bottled water while we were in line; staff was friendly, parking situation was a little hairy....thank goodness the food made it all worth it; they even gave out samples! Too bad there's nothing like this in Orange County."
"Great BBQ I have tried all the items on the menu and never disappointed the beans are a meal all by themselves, I just wish that had more parking to accommodate the crowd they have everyday, there have been days that I had to drive past and eat somewhere else for lack of parking but that just tells you its worth a try."
"We came in from Calgary Canada because we heard about it back home.
First in line well worth the wait Larry the parking  boss was incredible gave us a tour and and is a real asset to the company !! Check it out 
It's worth it !!!"
"Very impressed by the food quality and the hospitality of the small place. I had sausage and chopped brisket with potato salad and beans. It is very flavored and fresh. The only suggestion I can make is that I wish the meat was a little warmer. Other than that, I love it and wish there is one of this kind of restaurants in where I live."
"Arrived at noon on a Friday. It was just under an hour wait, there were friendly attendants helping to park cars and pass out waters. For meats, we tried the fatty brisket, pork ribs, pulled pork and a sausage. I will forever remember trying the fatty brisket and honestly it will be the thing that I would wait more than an hour for in the future. (BEST piece of meat I've ever tasted.) The pork ribs and sausage were tasty, but just good in comparison to the brisket. I wouldn't get the pulled pork again--however we drenched it in their awesome house made sauces and it was still a pleasurable eating experience. Sides we tried: potato salad, beans, and grits. Probably wouldn't get the grits again, but I'm not a big grits fan to begin with. Pies: tried both the smoked pecan and Nutella pumpkin. The pecan hands down was better...one of the best pecan pies I've ever had! Staff was very friendly."
"Get back BBQ cat, my visit here was delicious and sublime. I have seen Little Miss in Phoenix New Times and several other publications so I thought I would hop on the BBQ wagon. The line isn't so bad if you arrive early, and even then there are people waiting. Some are even waiting 30 min before the place opens! I am hoping to update this review once I try everything on the menu but for now just the basics of what I have eaten:
Brisket-melt in your mouth, comes in either fatty or lean
House made sausage-nice snap, big flavor. Come with a big appetite for this, I could not finish.
Pork spare ribs-nice smoke, super tender
Jalapeño Cheddar Grits-shut yo mouth grits, creamy, cheesy, jalapeno-ey, amazing
Beans-house made as well (everything is) delicious
Potato Salad-one of my fav's. It was fresh, creamy, potatoes have a nice consistency without being overcooked or undercooked, beautiful seasoning. I wish I could steal the recipe.
Bekke's Secret Pecan Pie-I would want this to be my final wish pie. Wow, a smoked pecan pie that had a lot of pecans, you can taste the smoke lightly. The crust is flaky, the filling was perfect without there being too much of it, and then the whole thing has a beautiful caramelization to it. Highly recommend for a dessert.
Plates come with pickles, white bread, and sauce. 

I know it's hot outside but they do have a great seating area with misters so that helps a lot. I wanted to scarf food safely within the confines of my house where I wouldn't be judged, so I didn't get a chance to partake in the whole smacking and chomping community style experience. 

The service was just amazing as well. The owner and the employees actually smile and greet  you. They genuinely seem very happy to be doing what they do and it definitely shows. I always appreciate any restaurant that crafts their food through old traditional methods and treats their customers the same. That enthusiasm, and in addition to answering all my questions about their smokers and methods will keep me coming back for more. I'm a sucker for excellent (and I mean excellent) service and food. --Have I emphasized this enough?? I hate it when places are overhyped which sometimes happens in a particular area, but once you try this place you will understand what everyone is talking about. 

Once they are sold out that's it! You will see a 'Sold Out' sign. Try earlier tomorrow."
"Like everyone said, get there early if you want your choice of meat. Business is insane! 

Half an hour before opening is early. Two hours before closing time is NOT early. They were already out of fatty brisket by the time we got there. They ran out of pork ribs while we were waiting in line. While we were eating, they ran out of lean brisket too."
"It has to be the best BBQ in Arizona, but it's not the best I've ever had (I'm spoiled when it comes to finding the best-of). the Best Damn BBQ you will ever have will be from BT's smokehouse in western Massachusetts. But for this side of the Mississippi, Naked bbq kills it. my ONLY complaint is that my brisket was kind of dry but the sauce fixed that right up. the pork ribs will melt in your mouth & the pulled pork is . Oh and the sides are killer"
"On par with Franklin's of Austin,TX. Brisket is regular or fatty. Nice!!!!. Fat melts in your mouth."
Hands down the best fatty brisket in AZ and top 3 in the country! They have their own house made BBQ sauce and other meats are also very good. Wait is well worth it!
The best BBQ we have ever had. Get the brisket and pulled pork and a sausage. The grits were great too. We waited two hours. Top notch service too. Parking attendant and there owner were so nice.
"Amazing place, very friendly service. Make sure to get briscuit, peacan pie and the beans"
"Little Miss BBQ....what to say. Yum.yum.yum. 
I've been here twice.  Both times I've waited an hour. And both times I haven't been disappointed   You can't go wrong with ANY of their meats and their grits are amazing.  Worth a try even if you're not a fan normally.  Be patient. Find your Zen. And heck you waited so long, get some to go"
"Amazing little gem ( hole in the wall)
Brisket!! Ribs pastrami .....oh my!!
Must try !! Be careful if time frame and day as it's very popular !! And long waits"
"Such a pity that beef rib has already run out when we got there at around one, would love to try it... Had the pork rib, brisket and sausage as well as jalapeno grits and beans as sides.

I actually prefer the lean brisket over the fatty one, but both are very good, especially the lean one. Love the sausage! And the pork rib is also very well-seasoned.

The interior is surprisingly clean and tidy, and the decorations are lovely. The staff are all very nice and friendly and actually gave us an extra piece of rib on the house. Very reasonably priced too, all the meat and sides and drink for only about 40 dollars."
"Little Miss BBQ is legitimate BBQ in Arizona, and I am excited that they have another location opening soon that will have mac and cheese--one of my only complaints about this restaurant.

My brother and I arrived at the restaurant around 10:45 on a Thursday, and the wait was just over an hour after the doors opened. Their parking lot fills up quickly, but there is a dirt lot close by where they will direct you. The staff does their best to make the wait more bearable. They have water coolers, provide samples (the sausage was incredible), and there are various opportunities throughout to earn a free personal pecan pie. 

Once you step into the restaurant, you see them slicing the meat at the counter for each customer and your mouth starts to water, the anticipation building for your turn. I ordered the brisket and pastrami with grits and potato salad. The brisket was a little dry, but I was foolish to skip on the fatty brisket cut. They have regular and spicy BBQ sauce, and a mustard sauce that is perfect for the sausage.

This was a solid BBQ meal that compares to the places I have been to in Nashville, Dallas, and Kansas City. I will probably get the fatty brisket and sausage on my next visit. I am looking forward to checking out the new location when I return to Arizona, hoping for shorter wait times and more options!"
"Every review is 100% correct. 

This is the best BBQ I've ever had. Period. 

Pulled pork is insane. With or without bbq sauce it is delicious. It's so good I might say it's better plain. 

Brisket is out of this world!!! The crust is pure salty greasy crispy goodness. My mouth is watering writing this

Smoked turkey. Holy crap!  Unbelievable. Better than Mom's Thanksgiving turkey. Way better!  

This place knows how to use salt and smoke and low temperature and time to make the most tender - fall apart - mouthwatering - role your eyes back - meat possible. 

Little hole in the wall spot with a long line but super super worth it. 

They are even really good at catering. 

Make it happen."
Everything was amazing. Perfect location right outside the Phoenix airport and was my first meal in Arizona. The brisket was to die for.
This was the worst experience in my life ! I made it at 11am and it was a line already which was OK around 12 when I got close to the top brisket and ribs was out mind you this was only a hour after they opened how can you have a business knowing people waiting for over a hour and they can't even get what they want ? Never again no matter what the food is like
"Well worth the wait!!!  Get here early....they will run out of food!  The owner was incredibly nice and made sure we had everything we needed.  If this place was closer to my house, I would come all the time (but its far).  The brisket and pulled pork were amazing!  Also their BBQ sauce was delish!

Only downfall....long lines (its that good) and they run out of some items!  This was slightly disappointing seems how we came from so far, but what we had was awesome!!"
"The BBQ is great, but what really makes this place nice is the staff. Every single person greeted us, asked how are meal was or checked on us while eating to make sure we were satisfied...that includes the guy in the parking lot who directs traffic. 

With that said, we had the lean brisket and pork ribs with jalapeño cheddar grits and coleslaw. Portions are perfect, not too much. 

I will definitely go back again and suggest you try it if you haven't before."
"Today was my first time and it was definitely a memorable experience. First off, the parking lot is not very big so you may be better off parking farther away, which is what we did. Regardless, you'll need the walk after eating ;) We got there right when they opened @ 11, and there were already tons of people in line. During our 1.5 hour wait, staff was so nice to keep offering us water bottles. They would also periodically update us on the menu, as far as what was running low, which I thought was thoughtful. The people we met in line also made for a good experience, since we ended up standing behind and infront of people from Texas, which is where my husband is also there, so they were all able to bond over Texas bbq. The people behind us claimed that Little Miss is better than any bbq place in Texas! 

When we got to the counter we were greeted by a very friendly meat slicer. Every staff member was fun. The owner was genuinely kind, asking us questions. After he find out it was my husband's bday tomorrow, they gave us a pecan pie on the house! When it got to sitting down and eating the MEAT....WOW. It tastes like nothing I've had in this city before. The smoked flavor is so melt in your mouth. I overheard that the meat is smoked for 12-14 hours for goodness sakes! While we were leaving, the owner came by and said bye and thanked us for coming. What a genuinely nice touch. 

We will definitely be back. Now I understand why people stand in line. We are now fans of their craftsmanship. Hope to see this place stick around for a long time! Phoenix needs this type of quality establishment."
"I moved here from the midwest about a year ago, and this place is legit.  Nothing else in Phoenix really compares.  The fatty brisket was exceptional and the pork ribs were solid...sides were great too.  I hear I need to make it back when they do pastrami."
"I had some doubt, I really did. All the reviewers say to come at 1000 and place opens at 1100. I flew in on a 1000 flight so decided to swing on by as it's close to the airport. I arrived there at 1050 and stood in line for 1 1/2 hours! I asked the people who work there what the best thing to get was and they said the brisket. Also told me the brisket typically is all gone by 1230-1245. 

They'll give out small pocket-sized ice-cold water bottles to you while you wait in line for free! Good idea as you don't want people passing out in the heat waiting in line. By the time I got to the line, I was hungry. 

Ordered the brisket and there's a fatty and lean brisket. You can ask for a mix of both. Also got the pork ribs and a sausage and jalepeno grits. Yeah, it was a lot of food. It's all amazing. And I've had BBQ in Kansas City, St. Louis, everywhere in the South. The meat is so good, you don't need BBQ sauce-it all gets served dry which is the correct way to serve BBQ if your BBQ is good. I recommend you eat half of it without the BBQ sauce then try the other half with it because the BBQ sauce is really amazing! 

So at around 1300 the line whittles down to about a 30m wait but again, most likely the brisket is all gone. The brisket, quite possibly the best brisket I've ever had. It's that stupid amazingly good. I really was shocked. I just didn't think it's be some good. Next time, 1000 in line for sure."
Best BBQ ever! Well worth the wait! The brisket was by far my favorite but I can't think of anything I wouldn't recommend on the menu. With or without sauce this will forever be my favorite BBQ spot.
I can't really say much that the other reviewers haven't already said but the fatty brisket here is amazing! Came here at 10am on a Saturday and ended up being number 3 and 4 on the ticket list. We didn't get our food till 11:20 though since there ended up actually being 10 people in front of us. Their ticket system for the people that get there before opening is great since it let's you wait in car instead of standing in the blazing Arizona sun. We didn't mind the wait since we already expected it and the delicious food made up for it. Will definitely be returning!
What's to say that hasn't been already said? The food is amazing. Worth the wait in line. I always order 2 meats with 2 sides and a sausage link.
Loved the food here.  We tried pretty much everything except the brisket.  Loved it all. We even took bones home for the dog and he loved it too. Don't skip out on the pecan pie it's to die for!
"This place BLOWS!!!! the others out of the water. Do I have your attention now.  Please do not go here and get the great tasting BBQ, please don't wait in the fairly short line as it will grow longer as the word gets out about this fabulous hidden gem. Ok in all seriousness.... The food was very and I stress VERY GOOD! I have eaten BBQ in Hill country (TX), Memphis, Kansas, North Carolina and Oklahoma. All good in their own respect. This place is a must. I really don't want to talk this place up as how nice the owners are, the pit-master taking you on the tour of the outdoor smoker or the owners slicing the meat in front of you for a tasty free sample. BBQ should not be fancy.. and this place is not, you are encouraged to eat with your hands. Several items of the day our written down on butcher paper and hung on the wall as you enter the tiny area watching the owner slice down the meats. He is very friendly and gets ""it"" on how to work the show, feed your patrons on a decent size freebie and get them hooked! Yes he totally understands! Had the brisket which was fork tender and very flavorful. It was loaded with a decent amount of spice. Also tried the sausage of the day... Beef and Garlic. A little on the heavy side and spicy (overall good). I did try the beans and it was lacking maybe a little sauce. No big deal and definitely not a deal breaker, however if it keeps you away and the line short for me well.... No go try this place it is a must. It is in an area of auto body shops which makes it fun to hunt for. The owners really have hit a homerun here. I hope they don't get the itch to expand or fancy the place up. True BBQ comes from those who take pride in the craft, love to feed and interact with all humans and provide you with a very good meal. It is hard for small businesses this days to compete against the chains. I really don't care if I have to wait a long time in line, it just means that these owners have done something correct in this day in age. If you have read my entire review you should really consider trying this place and support this mom and pop Q!"
"Excellent brisket. Decent ribs. Not my favourite pulled pork. Turkey very good. 
Sides were disappointing. Pricey for sampler plate, lots of food though!
Staff friendly."
"We went at about 11:30 on a Friday and stood in line for 1 1/2 hours, and IT WAS WORTH IT! That should tell you all you need to know. This is the only place in Phoenix where I know the barbecue is done right! We got the pulled pork, brisket, sausage links, mac n cheese, grits and a lot of extra sauce. It is perfect barbecue.

If you don't want to wait in line, then check out their pick-up and pre-order options, but please do not let the long line keep you from trying this place. It's family-owned, and you can tell the people working there love what they do."
"Need I say more....look at the photos...read all the reviews...perfection is all there is to say. High quality, succulent and tasteful BBQ!! Be prepared to wait in line but if you can, try and get there early. I arrived at 10:40 in preparation for their 11:00 open and there were already about 15 in line. I waited in line for about 30 minutes but it was so worth it. The owners know there is a wait so they have seats, water and even bring out food samples while you sit in line. Worth the time and money. Love me some LMB."
"Where's that darn bandwagon?  Oh, there it is.... wait wait... hold on, wait for me!  I am getting on it!... slow that wagon down so I can jump right on it... ok.. there. I'm on it.. I'm taking a seat... whoopie... I'm enjoying the ride.

There is not much more I can add to the mountain of 5-star reviews.  This is THE best BBQ in Phoenix.  It just is.  I knew this from first taste.  The owner's dad confirmed it when he told me about how many awards they have won in BBQ competitions. 

FYI:

#1 LMB posts on their Facebook page when they've sold out.  You can also call to see if they are sold out before you come.  This place cooks the meat for 12 hours!  This is not something you can decide to cook at 9am and it be ready at 2pm.  Call them.  They are so nice when you call on the phone.  They understand, you want BBQ... they want to sell BBQ to you and they want you to be happy.  CALL!  Check Facebook,.... I have done these things.

#2. I want to point out that ribs that are cooked properly DO NOT FALL off the bone.  They will pull off cleanly, but won't fall off.   Trust me on this.  I love the fact that ALL of their meat is served dry and without sauce.  Their sauces are delicious.  Add your sauce if you like it, but if you don't like sauce, like me, then you can enjoy flavorful meat and not have to complain about a sauced meat (which is usually using sauce to cover up a lack of flavor in the dry meat).  I may be misquoting the owner on this, but they intend to specialize in absolutely delicious generic BBQ - meaning..... you can eat it with or without sauce and still enjoy.  

#3. I have tried EVERYTHING they cook here.  My top 3 favorites are.
Fatty Brisket
Sausage
Pulled Pork
Lean Brisket
Beef Rib (more like a Flintstone sized piece of meat.  You get this on Fri/Sat ONLY)

Sorry LMB, my dad still makes the absolute best BBQ pork ribs I've had in my life.  But LMB makes the best brisket I've ever tasted.

Ok, So that was five.  But you get the point.

Go here... EARLY.  There will likely be a line.  Be prepared.  Enjoy."
"I had the pulled pork sandwich and my husband had the sausage and brisket sandwich. My pulled pork sandwich wasn't anything special. 1/8 of the weight came from fat and viens, which i spent about 20 mins. taking it off. The pork had a weird smell but I just might be used to pork brined in sugar, salt and liquid smoke. The flavor only came from the awesome bbq sauce. I really liked the spicier one. My husband, on the other hand, really liked the sausage and brisket. I tasted the brisket and I did like the flavor a whole lot better than the pulled pork, although, I hated all the fat. The slaw wad not fresh and it was bland tasting.  He got there around 11, when it opened, it was already a line."
"Ok, I wasn't happy about the line. I got there are 10:45 and paid for my food at 12:30. Now about the fatty brisket and pastrami, it's amazing. I also got one of the beef, pork and Jalapeno sausage. With a house BBQ sauce. Just fantastic"
"Best brisket I have ever had by a LONG SHOT.
Ribs were amazing. 
Gonna return when I have the time.
Place forms a line 45 minutes before opening time for a reason.
Pretty basic inside and very small seating, but it works.
BEST BRISKET ON THE PLANET!!!"
I moved to Phoenix in January and just heard abit this place today! Man was I disappointed to learn that'd I'd missed 8 months of the best bbq I'd ever had!!!! This place was delicious. The staff could not have been more friendly and welcoming despite the line of hungry customers out the door! My only recommendation is to get there early (i arrived 30 min before it opened) and get there hungry!
"My favorite place in general for food period.  This is world class bbq.  Ive been to franklins in Austin and Pecan Lodge in Dallas, and little miss holds up!  Keep up the great work guys!"
"Always, I mean ALWAYS fantastic! Lines are long so get there early. But the meat is absolutely mouth watering. I've been to all the famous Texas hill country joints and the ones in Austin, they are good but LMB has got it. The staff is always courteous and polite. It makes for a very enjoyable Meat experience. Mmmmmm meat"
"5 star service, 5 star food. Had the brisket sandwich and it was delicious. The bun was a nice combo of sweet with the hearty meat. Staff was very friendly and efficient despite how busy they were. Best part?-- 10 minutes from my house!!"
"(Lyrics - Spin Doctors - Little Miss Can't Be Wrong)

Been a whole lot hungrier since it came to town
Been a whole lot happier with that place around
Everybody in Phoenix's gonna stomp and shout
Everybody lined up out back gonna wait around
He holds the brisket while you dote-se-doe
I want one cut made of sausage and pork ribs 
Been a whole lot hungrier since it came to town
Little Miss , Little Miss , Little Miss BBQ

Little Miss , Little Miss , Little Miss BBQ
Every bodies gonna wait in line when you open your doors
Little Miss , Little Miss , Little Miss BBQ
Whatcha go 'n' do to get into another one of these here rock 'n' roll songs?

This place is legit!  Too legit to quit...to eat.  Okay it's not Hammer time, but boy I hammered away at my plate when I finally got to eat!

I came here on a whim since I've heard about this place.  Didn't think I could ever make it, but I did finally.  There was a big line already when I got here, but I was gonna do it!  I recommend parking else around the area and walk there cause you'll need that walk after you eat!  My buddy and I decided to go all out and ordered as much as we could; Pork ribs, beef brisket, sausages, and beef ribs.  Needless to say, the meat was tender and if slide off the bones and as you pulled them off.  The aroma itself made your mouth watery!  Be ready to eat with your hands and napkins, napkins, napkins is a must for your hands and face!  On all the tables came with 3 homemade BBQ sauces, which were phenomenal and was based on the amount of heat you can handle.  The meats were all definitely slow cooked in large vats of steam broilers.  Man I could still smell it and you I swear I started to salivate as I stood in line!  

Overall, one of the best spots in Phoenix for sure and must go.  Yes if you must play hooky from work or school and go for it.  I give you permission! - Enjoy!"
"A person with no patience should not go - but - be sure to send someone to wait in line for you and bring the food back to you!  But it can be a fun experience if you do have the time to spend in line (I waited 2 hours).....you meet new people, stay cool in the mist; there is bottled water available; and just when you think you might just get out of line and head to the Jack in The Box down the street, you get a sample of a taste of sausage!  Then the next thing you know, your thinking, ""what's another hour!!""  Employees are so friendly and accommodating too!

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees."
"Everything that other yelpers have said is ALL TRUE. BBQ is legit.  Not the biggest fan of BBQ, but I am a fan of this spot.  I am in 5 chatrooms with friends and I'm raving about this place as I eat!  Today, Wednesday, I was a bit discouraged because I saw the line, but flying home isn't for a couple hours so I decided to wait.  I'm glad I did!  Wait was no more than 30 minutes from when I got in line at 11:30am.  The service was great!  So helpful and they even gave us a sample of the brisket!  The sausage, the pork rib, and fatty brisket was allllllllll goooooooood!  Only beans I ever eat are in a bean burrito from Taco Bell, but I ate all these beans...it was that good.  Prices were what I expected to pay for such magnificent food.  Good job LMB!"
"Best BBQ ever!!! Great customer service. Well worth the 30 minute wait. I gota brisket sando and cheesy grits ask for cole slaw on the sandwich and 2 lbs of fatty brisket to go.  Love, love, love this place"
Nothing I can add that probably has not been said already about this place.. Great bbq place...great taste.and service. A bit pricey for the quantity but hey...u do get a great meal each time... I tried their lean brisket...and ribs..awesome awesome awesome...
"Holy meat sweats! We arrived here today (Friday) at 10:30am and got in line at the 1 hour 30 mark...the line quickly filled up behind us after that. We got to order at about 12:30pm and the beef ribs had just finished in front of us. We got 2 meat plates, one with fatty brisket and pulled pork, the other with lean brisket and pork ribs. For sides we got the beans and cheddar grits. The meats were all fantastic especially with the complimentary white bread, pickles, jalapeños, and onions. It was hard to stop eating the entire plate even though we were blowing up! The beans were very delicious but we didn't love the grits. 

The staff here is amazing and very welcoming. We got 2 samples of the sausage which was bomb. We also had some of the guys approach our table to see how we were doing and if we were enjoying our meal. Thank you LMBBQ!"
Everything was amazing.  The only thing is the parking isn't great and the line is unfortunate.  But that doesn't take away from how amazing the food is.  The only place I'm willing to wait in a line for.
"First let me give a big shout out and thanks to Mark Wiens and his YouTube channel with his recent video of this place which was what drew me in.  His enthusiasm and spot on review of Little Miss BBQ were not without merit.  On the flip side, I was not alone in viewing that video and there was a record crowd lined up despite showing up an hour before opening.  It was about a two hour wait in line but well worth it.

Before we get to the food, let me give recognition to the super attentive and friendly staff which began with the gentleman giving out tickets to guarantee your spot in line.  He was informative and there's a very organized process about line queuing and parking.  Once lined up, another staff member gives you the rules of engagement as to ordering 
to aid in keeping the line moving.  Water was made available to the line standees with multiple water coolers which made the wait more bearable. Scott the owner came around giving tasty samples of their Jalapeno sausage in addition to engaging and showing appreciation to the crowd that had amassed.  These were all little details that showed that these were people that loved what they do and care about their customers.

On to the food.  Me and the Mrs. got beef short ribs, fatty brisket, and sausage to stay as well as pork ribs to go.  The beef ribs reminded me of the rack of ribs that flips over Fred Flintstone's car at the beginning of the cartoon for those of you old enough to remember that cartoon.  They are gargantuan.  The flavor is also gargantuan.  I fancy myself a BBQ aficionado and am a pretty adept master of the smoker myself but I was humbled by the expertise in judicious restraint of smoke and subtle spicing that let the meat speak for itself.  While I did try some of the meat with their tasty sauces, it really is best appreciated on its own.  Since Mark already let the secret out, beef short ribs are only available on Friday and Saturday.  I regret repeating this as I know I'll find myself in an even longer line next time I go.  Brisket is equally excellent but a different textural experience being buttery soft and requiring only fingers to easily pull off bite size pieces.  The sausage is really good and offered a spicier flavor contrast to the beef. The sausage in combination with the complimentary pickles, jalapenos and onions served as the perfect side dish to the meal.  (They did have some tasty side dish offerings, we decided to keep it meat focused and passed on them for this visit.) The pork ribs which were consumed at home were also fantastic, able to hold their own with or without sauce.  I loved them and would be satisfied to have them any day but they are overshadowed by the bold meaty flavor of the beef short ribs and brisket which were my favorites.  

I will certainly return again, no matter how big the crowd.....it's worth it."
"Pretty close to West Texas BBQ. 

I can't believe I lost all my actual food photos and just have my photos of their lines. Anyway, this place is undoubtably good. One just need read the other rave reviews. 

This was probably the only good part of having our flight delayed overnight in Phoenix. Waiting in the over 100 degree weather for hours was not so good. 

In the end the meats: the sausage, ribs, pulled pork. They were all very good and comparable to Austin's BBQ. High praise indeed. However, the only thing that took a step down was the brisket. The fatty brisket was a little too dry and lacked that real rich melt in your mouth flavor and texture."
"my boyfriend stood in line in the AZ summer heat to get us little miss BBQ and i've never loved him more. even hours later when we ate it for dinner, this was some of the best BBQ i've ever had. the brisket was amazing, the ribs were wonderful and the sausage was fantastic. i can't wait to go back (or make the bf stand in line again) and try everything else!"
"Lives up to the hype.  

In my opinion, brisket is the mark of a great barbecue place (at least out here west of the Mississippi), and they've got it down here... the meat is fatty and tender, and it's also got a really nice char.

Given the quality of the meat, the prices are pretty reasonable too... somewhere in the neighborhood of $10-12 per person for lunch.

As others point out, if you go on a busy day, though, you may have to wait... or you may find that something you were hoping to try is sold out.

That said, if it's your first visit, I think you should start with the brisket (which they seem to run out of less often these days, at least on the days I've gone)."
"Where do I even start. Let me start by saying the owner and his culinary crew are the most humble, appreciative, and gracious folks in the BBQ industry & they sincerely do not have to be. Blessed is the optimal word, we are blessed to have the nations best BBQ here in good ole Phoenix. 

I have had everything, brisket fatty, like G-D himself raises the cows this stuff comes from, lean, how do you make a lean brisket so damn moist? Ridiculous. Ribs, are you kidding, death bed food, you should wish to have these on your death bed, last meal stuff, REALLY! Sausage, shamefully delicious, shameful because Ive never made anything in my life this good. Turkey, yeah you know that fried turkey everyone talks about, that turkey can kiss this turkeys ass. Pulled pork, I wish I could bath in the pulled pork. Its so damn good it will probably add years of life to your skin if you bathe in it. Beef Ribs, remember that scene Flintstone cartoon where the car flips over when the waitress puts down the ribs? Yeah well you can live that life if you want. Pastrami, shut up, yeah I said it PASTRAMI! Youd be a jerk not to try this if its available. A JERK! Dessert, damn, death row final meal, just hot DAMN! Beans, grits, slaw, tater salad. All stellar, all the best EVER!

You will wait, but if you know good Q you will be more than happy to wait twice as long. Every time someone new is in town and the reaction is always the same, best BBQ and top ten meal ever. 

I honestly can not say enough good things. The other ""top"" joints are a joke compared to this. Any non-five star reviews are crazy people causing trouble. The bottom line is this is the best. KABOOM!"
"Yes, I am adding yet another 5 star review to Little Miss BBQ's amazing establishment. As you probably already know based off of their incredible reputation, Little Miss BBQ knows what they are doing when it comes to smoking meat. I've had Little Miss on a few occasions now and every time has been phenomenal. Fatty brisket is their best meat but their sausage and turkey are great as well. Super friendly staff and in my opinion the long wait in line just makes it feel that much more special and exclusive. Pecan pie is a must try. I tried the pumpkin Nutella and it's good but not as good as their famous pecan pie. 

Best BBQ in Arizona hands down."
"This is as good as it gets! Absolutely wonderful food! worth the wait, I was a vegetarian but this was a game changer for me! You guys know what you are doing, and I'm so happy I tried it (thanks to my coworkers). And to top off the wonderful food, Everyone was so friendly!"
"Great spot. Food is amazing.  The grits are great.  The Cole Slaw, not so great but you can tell it is fresh.  Ribs and fatty brisket was a religious experience."
"This place is incredible and lives up to the hype. We went over the weekend at 2PM and we only had to wait about 15 minutes. The guy behind the counter chats it up with everyone and that's part of the reason there is a wait. They're efficient the the meat is amazing and he was handing out samples. We got a big side of potato salad, a small side of coleslaw, 2 cokes, one enormous piece of brisket that my gf couldn't finish and I got pulled pork and it came out to $50. I didn't eat again until like 9PM. The price may shock you, but for the amount of food it's worth it. Definitely the best BBQ around."
"Best BBQ I've tasted hands down! Brisket was juicy, flavorful, and you don't need the BBQ sauce! I usually don't like anyone's BBQ except my moms lol. But this place is ridiculously BOMB! Pork ribs...fall off the bone. Tender, juicy and great spice rub! The spicy BBQ sauce was awesome not spicy at all for me bt it was really good! I don't eat grits bt they have this jalepino cheddar grits SO GOOD! Anyone here in phoenix NEEDS to go try this place! So happy my brother took me here!"
Definitely worth the 45 minute wait! The meats are all flavorful and tender falling off the bones and the sauces are great. The beans have pieces of meat and are tasty and the grits are good. The 2-meat plate is more than enough for me but it just means I get to take some home for dinner. The setting is also different from the chain type of restaurant which adds to the experience. We will definitely come back.
This was the best barbecue we've ever tasted. Both the ribs and the brisket were wonderful and generous in portion. The cheddar jalapeño grits had great flavor as did the smoked pecan pie.
Wait in the heat for as long as you have to and pray they aren't out of fatty brisket. The best.
I am very skeptical on BBQ in Arizona have not really had anything worth going back too until I was taken here. Yes I stood in line for 30 min but it was well worth it. Hands down the best BBQ I have ever eaten and the nicest employees I've met an any business. I will be coming back here for sure on a weekly basis!!!
"First visit to this BBQ shack and I'll be back again and again. The food is incredible and the staff  is as friendly as any dining establishment I've experienced. Take friends, order lots of extra, and have a good time"
"Totally worth the hype. Every bit. Even the wait. Well, my pregnant wife waited an hour and a half to pick it up, bring it home and surprise me. I almost felt bad she waited that long until i took a bite. Then, any and all of my guilt vanished."
"Customer service was amazing.  The brisket and pulled pork amazing.  Turkey was ok.  The cheesy jalapeno grits outta sight.  

Was our first trip there.  Will be taking out of town guests here.  

Some of the best BBQ I have ever had.  Lots of food.  

Parking can be crazy.  Place is busy so get there early."
"I am from St.Louis, where great BBQ comes home to nest!  Last year I went back to St.Louis and made a point of visiting arguably two of the Midwest's best BBQ spots, Bogart's Smokehouse and Pappy's Smokehouse.  Bogart's is more in the Texas/Memphis style of BBQ.  LIL MS. BBQ killed it.  I have tried every item on the menu and nothing is under excellent, the challenge is that some of the food, the ribs and the moist brisket have transcended to another plane of existence!!!  The ribs are meaty with little fat and incredibly moist the brisket is a perfect blend of fat and meat.  By the way I don't even use the sauce because its just overkill!  Never had a bad experience at this place and sooner or later they will have to expand.  Hope they don't sell-out!!!"
Outstanding! The fatty brisket is the best BBQ I've ever had and the beans are out of this world. We stood in line for 90 minutes on a Saturday and it was absolutely worth it.
"Fattie brisket. They about says it all, their beef rib is the size of a small child, and their Hefe sandwich is the best BBQ sandwich I think I've had anywhere. Certainly their spicy sauce is what makes it, but the quality and tenderness of the smoked meats make it so you hardly realize you're eating BBQ. Definitely worth the 1+ hour wait, although I don't think I could do it but more than once or maybe twice a month."
"I was really looking forward to a BBQ place with 300 reviews and a 5 star average and I must say, the BBQ was 5 stars and more.  I had the beans and the potato salad was suggested.  The beans were really good but the potato salad was disappointing.  Undercooked and flavorless.  Not traditional style at all.  I'll be back and try the other sides soon enough."
"Best Authentic Texas BBQ worth the wait even in the heat, get the beef ribs on Friday and the turkey is outstanding"
"Five stars. Would give six if possible.  I have to warn you though, a trip to Little Miss BBQ can be frustrating...parking woes, long lines, long waits, running out of certain meats, a small dining area...but those aren't really the owners' problems. It's caused by the high demand for the best BBQ I've had in Arizona.  I've now tried all of their meats and the only one I found to be less than the best was the turkey--and who eats turkey when there's incredible brisket, ribs, pork, and sausage to be had? Come on.

 I've heard they're expanding production sometime soon which is great--at least, your chances of waiting for a while then learning they're out of brisket are reduced.  Still, despite the hassle it can present, check this place out immediately.  Best way to avoid it is get there at 10:30, before the doors open. Plenty of parking then and you might be around tenth in line. If you get there closer to 11 or later, well, I hope you brought some reading material because it's gonna be quite a wait. Worth it nonetheless."
"Best bbq in phoenix!! Got to get here early before they start to sell out, had the pulled pork and turkey today YUMMMM can't wait to try the ribs!"
"Wow!!!  I am heading to Carolina soon and was researching the local BBQ. I then did a search for best BBQ in Phoenix and LMB came up with great reviews.  I went at 1pm on a Thursday and there was still a bit of the line.  Since it was my first time I just wanted to start out small. I got the Jefe. I put some of their original sauce on there and I have to say it was one of the better tasting sandwiches I've ever had. That isn't an exaggeration!  I was sad to take that last bite.  I got the beans as a side and they were only average for my taste. I tend to like my beans heavy on the sweet side. 

I also got the pecan pie... again 5 stars on that. It was absolutely amazing..

Those who are complaining about the price, whats the rub? From my perspective the sandwich and 1 side was $9.50.  Try to get a burger and fries for under $10 at most sports bars and have it taste 1/4th as good as this meal.

The rest of their meals were also reasonable. If you are getting multiple lbs of meat then it can be pricey but you are paying for quality!

I'll try to make this a regular stop on Tuesday or Wednesday to avoid the long lines.

Another great place found through yelp!"
"This place has tons of 5 star reviews on Yelp, and here's mine. This place is unbelievably good. Get here early to get your ticket and wait in line, there is not a better use of your time, the lineup adds to the hype and the experience. The brisket melts in your mouth, so freaking good! Also had the sausage, the grits, and the coleslaw. Washed it all down with some pecan pie, want more! Great staff, great environment, best thing to do upon arrival in Phoenix."
"AMAZING! Hands down best BBQ I have ever had. I never craved BBQ before, but now that I have had this, I am constantly craving it."
"Amazing place run by amazing people.  Get there early and wait with the dearly devoted for that beautiful brisket with the quarter inch smoke rings.  If you really love someone, bring them this BBQ brunch in bed.  I can't wait to take my friends visiting from out of town this week."
Best BBQ I have ever had.  Customer Service is 2nd to none.
"Awesome good BBQ and fantastic sides! Be prepared for the wait however. What can I say? Except for long lines, there's downside to this place!"
"pastrami dry,  pork roast ok,  maybe they should not serve it when they are almost out I stood for.a long time I am handicap and cannot stand for such a long time. service kinda rushed not as great as they make.it sound will be back to upgrade this post"
"Came here on a recommendation from my buddy. Waited in line for an hour for the best BBQ  I've ever had. Absolutely worth the wait. The staff is so friendly. They have waters and misters outside while you wait and they'll even bring around samples. 

Can't wait to come back here!!"
"Update 2/10/2018

G.O.A.T.

Today I did my usual drive-by sampler.  I will wrap some in Saran Wrap and butcher paper and freeze.

Today my sampler
1. Sausage 5 of 5.  Not as peppery as it used to be.
2. Brisket (lean) 5 of 5.  Perfect!
3. Pork Ribs 5 of 5.  Better than ever!
4. Pulled pork 4 of 5.
5. Cowboy beans 5of 5.... perfect!!!!!!
6. Jalapeño Grits 5 of 5.... they have perfected these!!!!


I saw the owner Scott there and I am convinced this food is best when he is present.  Today it was the best I have ever had there!

So they are opening a new location....   I'll check it out when they do.

Thanks guys.  Today was awesome."
Excellent BBQ! Waited in line for 50 mins until we made it inside. Definitely great BBQ. Ordered the Heffe sandwich and it was delicious! We also ordered the 2 item meat combo. The brisket was my favorite. The pulled pork just melts in your mouth. The sides are all worth trying as well! I would not show up when you're starving as the line is very long usually.
"This place is trully a 5 star place in quality of BBQ, best brisque ever! . The best BBQ in town, it beats Rudy's, Can't stop smoking, the whole food's BBQ section and lucilles. This is the authentic Texas BBQ. The owner serves and cooks the food himself. As a tip, come in for lunch before 11 am!"
"Don't ask, just go!
This is one great BBQ joint."
"It was our first time, so we tried all of the meats.  My picky daughter loved the turkey breast.  Neither one of us loved the sausage.  But the brisket and pork ribs were to die for.  Too bad they ran out of the beef ribs.  I'm not sure if they cannot produce enough of the stuff fast enough, or why they always run out of food, but they should really try to fix that if they can.  People drive far and wait in line long.  The least that they can do is have food to offer.  Sorry I had to take off one star, but as good as the meats were, the sides left a lot to be desired.  I ordered the cole slaw and potato salad, and both were run of the mill, tasteless and a huge disappointment.  I couldn't even tell if the cole slaw was a vinegar base or cream base, as there was no base.  It was so dry.  No better than the grocery store variety.  I might come back just for the meat, but between the drive, the parking, the wait and the lousy sides, I'm not sure how fast I will return.  Also, is it normal that one slice of brisket costs $5.70?"
"This is my second time eating from here. My first experience:

The lean brisket was ok, the pork ribs were good, the sausage was awesome and the pecan pie was the best, no joke, I have ever had. I went to multiple coworkers raving for the sausage and pies, demanding that they endure and get some delicious food. The beans were also very good and thick. 

Second time:

My girlfriend decides to surprise me as a birthday gift with fatty brisket, beef ribs, sausage, a little of each side and those heavenly pies. We have some family over dig in for lunch and save pies for later. Fatty brisket is awesome, beef ribs amazing, sausage still great. Sides - beans this time were just wet and lacking, coleslaw dry, grits were ok, and potato salad good.

She got a few pies to save for a few days and for my birthday. I try one, burnt, and I mean burnt to the point that you almost need power tools. Next one, also burnt, next one same thing, and the final one.... just disappointment. Not one of four pies was cooked anywhere near the right temp. These pies are wrapped in a paper so you can't examine. A warning for anyone not looking to gamble, you won't know what you get. I had been looking forward to these for over two weeks and someone could have seen that these were not up to par. Yet they were served anyway. Really sucks.

Great Staff
Hit/Miss on food, which is not acceptable for the price or the wait. The quality control should be higher.

Update: 
Manager promptly replied and rectified the situation. Very kind and apologetic staff and new pies at home!"
"I got the brisket and it was amazing! The best brisket I have eaten. The only improvement I would suggest is the sauce, though the home style sauce paired really well with the brisket. The beans I got were good, it seemed like it had bits of the brisket in it. I didn't formally meet the owner but I knew he was a great guy. There was a person who was having some complications while in line which caused him to fall over while he was standing. The owner hooked him up with plenty of water and a pecan pie to help bring the person's blood sugar up. I give the owner 5 stars without a doubt. Great place overall and I will be back. 
P.S.
Expect at least a 40 min wait in line, but it is worth it."
"OMG!!! Probably the BEST BBQ I've had since we've left home. We had the beef brisket which was insanely delicious. Someone else commented on Yelp it's like meat cream. They weren't kidding. We also had the pulled pork. Very very tender. This was ""make us happy BBQ"". This place is open til 4pm or when ever they sell out. It's just a hole in the wall building with picnic tables inside and outside. Reminded me of West Texas BBQ back home. We will be returning here for sure."
"Small humble place, with a 20/30 min line to just order if you get there at opening time. 
Parking can be a challenge too. But once your there and had their BBQ, worth the wait! 

They often close before the stated closing time due to running out of food. It's smoked to perfection daily so they can't stock up for an unpredictable crowd. 

Just plan your lunch time to allow for the wait and enjoy the food when it's your turn. It's worth it.  Yummy BBQ and it's operated by the owner who's competed nationally in BBQ cook offs for over a decade.  It shows!"
"Oh. Em. Gee.  Real Texas bar-be-que!  

I'd been hearing about this place ever since I moved to az over 3 1/2 years ago but have been so disappointed by other bbq joints in the valley that I eventually lost interest. 

Well. Today I was in the area and hungry so took the time...  and boy. I had forgotten how good bbq could be. The only place I've found in az that actually serves brisket with real live smoke rings!  

Needless to say, I am a happy dood!  The sauces were on point as well with the spicy being my favorite of the three. (Surprise, right?).  

Moms even told the owner that it was some of the best bbq she's ever had. Anyone that knows my mother knows she's like Mikey. 

Delicious. Fresh. Tender. And taste the meat without overpowering smoke. 

Only had the cole slaw side and it was dang fine as well!  Will try another side next time. 

We got there a little before 3 so:

1). The line was fairly short compared to what I've seen on the teevee. 

B). They were out of pulled pork and sausage... 

Plan your visit accordingly. 

Super friendly staff and owner. I'll be back. Even if it is over an hour drive. 

I'm also very happy to report that this place hasn't been over-hyped like so many places are in the area.  This place is legit. 

Ps:  overheard the owner say they're opening a new location that will be ""lunch and dinner"". So. There's that."
"Voted one of the best new restaurants in Phoenix.  If you want to get this BBQ, and I assure you, YOU DO, you need to get there early.  It is always packed.  Every day, there is a gentleman directing traffic in the parking lot.  They sell out every day, usually by about 11:30.  You can order ahead of time and avoid the wait, but it requires a larger order, more than 5 lbs of meat and the order must be placed 48 hours ahead of time.  For more information, check out their website.

http://www.littlemissbbq.com/"
"I really have nothing to add that I'm sure hasnt been said in other reviews, the food speaks for itself, though I do make a better Coleslaw, love the jalapeno grits, and love the brisket."
"Let me say, straight off, the food here is really solidly good bbq. And the staff are great--friendly, helpful, super nice. 

But there is one big reason I can't give this place 5 stars: the WAIT. I tried first on a Wednesday at 11:45 and it was a 2-hour wait, so I gave it up to try another day. I next went on a Thursday at 10:30 am (half an hour before opening), got the second to last parking space, and then waited in line for an hour and a half until I finally placed my order at 12:03 pm. To be fair, they make the wait as enjoyable as possible (cold water, shade, and helpful staff coming around to give you samples and information), and I met some very nice people in line, which made it go by more quickly. But to justify that kind of wait for me, this would need to be the best food on the *planet*. And it wasn't. 

Don't get me wrong: the meat is amazingly tender and flavorful and you can tell they know how to bbq extremely well, but I have had awesome bbq elsewhere, without the wait. The pulled pork, ranch style beans, and pickles were delicious (5 stars), but the potato salad was a little undercooked and a bit too mustardy for me (3 stars). And their bbq sauce was good, but not amazing (4 stars). The other problem I had was the lack of cornbread, which is a bbq necessity to me. 

It is, however, a cool little place and worth a visit, but probably not more than one visit for me. I just don't have that kind of time most days. And frankly, I'd rather have cornbread (yes, I love cornbread that much) and not have to wait, even if it meant getting meat that was a fraction less amazing."
"OMG, I think I've died and gone to Austin,  food porn at its best!! As a foodie and bbq purist I had been wanting to visit Little Miss Bbq for some time to see what all the hype was about and today I did just that. First of all, its true, the line gets long and the parking lot gets jam packed before the place even opens. Being an early bird I was numero uno in line and had a blast just watching the line grow and cars maneuvering around for a parking space. When the doors opened right on time at 11am., this girl was on a mission and knew exactly what I wanted, just fatty brisket and ribs, no sides, no drinks. Although there are a couple tables to sit inside and more outside seating, I returned to my car and helped myself to some of the fatty brisket. The brisket is the ""bestest"" I've ever had...juicy, extremely flavorful, and cut like butter, so tender and so worthy of the multiple gastrogasams that I was delighted to experience.  The food ain't cheap but I'll definitely return. In the meantime, it's time for a nap...."
"Some of the best BBQ in the country - by far the Best in Arizona.  
Turkey - pulled pork - ribs are all good 
But the brisket is where they show their talent."
"Hands down and without a doubt some of the best bbq I've ever had. Absolutely every meat on the menu is first class. The only unfortunate part is the wait, but it's worth it!"
I am very picky about my BBQ being from the KC but they had Great Food!  The location is awful for parking and the wait during your work day is horrible.  They were very nice had a parking attendant to help with the chaotic flow and help to guide others in line.  They gave out water bottles for the wait as well.   Time is money however.... so 4 stars
"Best bbq we have had in a long time.  Very friendly staff, great prices, awesome little joint!!  I highly recommend. AMAZING."
"I make it a priority to come here when visiting in Phoenix and they have never let me down. Using the word always is said to be avoided, however in this case it seems like it's appropriate and accurate - the food is always delicious and on point, the people there are always in a good mood, and there's always a line."
"Before coming here I couldn't understand how they would have a line that took hours to get your food. Back home we have Rudy's BBQ and they serve a good amount of people and get people in and out fast. I think that comes down to size and Rudy's has one person that only does the cutting of the meat. Here the person you order from also cuts your meat.

I find it interesting how one does it compared to another, but while Rudy's gets you in and out fast the quality of the food here is worth the wait. The quality of the meat is just 5 star. Juicy and spiced perfectly.

The meats we tried were the following.

Brisket (lean) - at the time we could order the lean Brisket as they ran out of other one. The Lean Brisket was very juicy. I can't imagine how much better the moist is...

Chopped Brisket - wow this is good. Sweet like there is brown sugar in it. 

Sausage - perfectly cooked (like everything else) with a good spice to it. 

Turkey - nice and lean but also very moist.

Pork Ribs - cooked perfectly. Great flavor!

For sauces I stuck to the house sauce. Very good which was close to a Kansas City style sauce I love. Only Side I tried were the beans, and they weren't for me. My wife had the smoked Pecan Pie and thought it was good. 

The service is also something that is 5-star! From helping to find parking, making sure everyone is hydrated, and bringing samples you just need to give the employees a great tip.

Well worth the time to stand in line, but get there early so they don't run out of stuff. Wish they managed the line better but they are handling cooking of the food better than 99% of BBQ restaurants so I can forgive the line!"
Fantastic BBQ! Get their early or the wait is very long. The brisket was the best and the sausage meted in your mouth.
"No need for a long review.  Best BBQ Phoenix has or will ever see.  Hell, best BBQ I have ever had and I've had it in Memphis, Texas, KC, etc.  Ribs and outstanding but if you have to have one thing, go for the brisket as it will change your life!"
"Wow the best BBQ I ever had, period! Short rib was melting in the mouth with perfect moisture and spices. The staff was amazing, everyone took the time to have conversation with us. I came from LA and I will come to this place every time I visit AZ."
"Arguably the best BBQ in the valley! You must try it at least once. The people who work there are great, and the meat platter is always a good option so you can sample a little of everything.
The owners traveled all around Texas to find the best methods and brought them right back here to the valley. As someone from Texas, they do a great job with everything from BBQ to pecan pie."
"DELICIOUS!  Everything the reviews say is true!  Knowing there would be a line, we went on a Saturday at 10:40am and the parking lot was filled and there was already a line of people. Luckily, we were able to wait in a shady area and the misters were on. We didn't get to the front of the line until about 12pm and we were all pretty hungry and a little cranky. However, the food more than made up for any previous discomfort. The owner first gave us all a tasty sample of the brisket and was very friendly. My husband got the fatty brisket, pulled pork, and potato salad and beans. I got the fatty brisket, pork ribs, jalapeno grits and beans.  DELICIOUS.  My husband kept eating my jalapeno grits, which are not spicy but just very flavorful. SO DELICIOUS SO DELICIOUS.  Although I cannot see myself waiting in this line every week, I will definitely be back for this experience."
"Best bbq and a great experience, even though we had to wait almost an hour in the line. It was all worth it! 
Would definitely try it again."
"Amazing fatty brisket and friendly staff.  Be sure to get the pecan pie for dessert, so good!  I appreciate that they offer soda made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn sugar.  I went on a Saturday and the line was long but the staff were nice enough to offer samples of the housemade sausage while waiting."
"Some things are simply worth it...even if you don't get exactly what you want.  Went to Little Miss on a whim Saturday about 11am. Stood in line until about 1pm. I have been there multiple times before but was still a little shocked to see the line so long on Halloween.  Got to the front and they were just about out of my favorite, melt in your mouth fatty brisket. We still were able to get 1.5# of lean brisket with a tad of fatty thrown in (which as a gentleman I kindly gave most of it to my girlfriend).  Had to get the beans and jalapeño grits as well.  It was superb.  We even had some leftovers to take home.  We got some pork ribs which weren't my favorite but the flavor of the brisket was spot on yet again.   When I spend 12 hours smoking brisket, this is what I try to replicate.  I love this place: the food, the people, everything.  You can tell they are passionate about what they do."
"Wow my second visit and just as amazing. BRISKET oh the brisket they do it low and slow. Meat has a 1/4 inch smoke ring. Pulled pork is amazing one day I will get in early enough to have some ribs. Thank you thank you pitmaster. Get there early they sell out most days by 1:30 it's that good. I do know good bbq Oklahoma Joes, Arthur Bryants, Kruez market; Louie Mueller, Salt Lick, Rendezvous, interstate bbq the list goes on and on lil Miss bbq your up in the top echelon of bbq. Thank you for serving your cue."
"this place is amazing, the only place i'd compare to franklin bbq. if you looked at  plates of brisket/ribs/sausage from both places, it'd be tough to tell them apart. there's definitely a bit aaron franklin's influence going on around here. the meats are all seasoned with the same central texas style, smoked with oak (pretty sure), and sliced to order at the counter by the pit master himself; both places even use the same glass bbq sauce bottles with the black screw on caps. 

i came in around 2 PM on a friday hoping to avoid the lines, but by the time i got there with my friend they were just about to run out of brisket. we ordered the two meat plate with brisket and pulled pork, and were given the smaller parts of the brisket that normally aren't desirable because they were too small after the rest of the cut was served. the pit master/owner offered us samples of it before serving it to us, and it was still amazing so we were fine with it. both meats were cooked perfectly and my side of baked beans was delicious. i usually don't care for the sweetness of baked beans, but the beans here have some kind of tanginess that compliments everything else really well, and they also have shredded brisket in them. 

best bbq place in phoenix by far.

oh yea, and we saw carson palmer and drew stanton there =)"
"Being a midwestern guy, I wasn't sure how barbecue from the desert would measure up.  Well, I can't speak for all barbecue joints in Arizona, but I can tell you this: Little Miss is definitely worth the effort. I was delighted to find the meats tender and juicy, not smothered in sauce, but left to stand on their own merits. And stand they do.
I arrived late in the day, so I wasn't able to try everything on the menu. The brisket and pulled pork however do not disappoint. Both are fine examples, at the top of their cohort. I didn't get to try the ribs, they were sold out, naturally. I will have to try some next time.
The sauces they do provide, are quite good. Three varieties, spicy, sweet tangy mustard, and a house sauce. All are worthy.

Great service in a small place, and the people are the very definition of friendly. Very pleased to have made it here, and will certainly return when I am in Arizona next."
"L says - ""How much is your time worth?""    

First Impression/ambiance
L is big fan of BBQ. There was a lot of hype going into the experience since there aren't too many quality BBQ spots in Arizona. Little Miss BBQ is listed as the best BBQ in Phoenix on multiple sites, won multiple awards, and featured in Phoenix magazines as a go to place. L read online that it is a crucial need to get there early otherwise; it is going to be long wait. The parking lot is a tad bit small and the BBQ joint is located around an industrial part of Phoenix. L arrived at 10:15 to see 15 people in front of him indulging in the tantalizing aroma of the smoke and BBQ.  


Food 
Options - buy it by the pound or get yourself a two-meat plate. 
L ordered 1 lb of fatty brisket, 1 lb of lean brisket, &  1/2 lb of sausage. Both the lean and fatty brisket were cooked very well (not too dry or chewy), tender, and had a good amount of seasoning. However, I thought it was just good and not great. 
Smoked Sausage - I don't usually care about smoked sausage, but after reading a plethora of raving reviews listing it as a must try, I had to order it. Again, it was cooked well, tasted good but wasn't blown away with the flavors. 

I did however like that all of their meat is served dry and without sauce. 

Service
The entire staff was extremely friendly and seemed very happy. I am glad that Little Miss BBQ employs a lot attendant to help aid the customers and ultimately help avoid any potential accidents (parking lot fills up quick). The owner was very nice and even came out to check in on you while you ate and asked for feedback. In terms of customer service, I could not have asked for a better experience and there were no complaints. Sadly, I felt Little Miss BBQ's meats did not live up to the hype and was not worth the wait. I did not have the same ""melt in your mouth"" or ""heavenly experience"" as previously read. Perhaps, I over-hyped Little Miss BBQ? My advice if you choose to go, is to arrive here early because you can wait up for hours or run into the possibly of Little Miss BBQ running out of food. However, I truly feel this is not worth your time."
"This was my first time here with my coworkers and boy was it a good decision to try this place. Get here early, because the line builds fast. Fortunately they hand out tickets when you arrive so you can get in the order. We came on Thursday and it just happened to be Pastrami day, so naturally I had to tru. I also had their moist brisket, smoked sausage,  beans and jalapeno grits,  which by the way is the best! I 5 ink I just found my new favorite bbq spot. It's a bit pricey but definitely worth it."
"Hands down, this is the best BBQ I have ever had. Always go really early or wait until after 12:30 (although you risk there being less selection.) The brisket is amazing and I could eat my weight in jalapeno cheese grits (that's a lot of grits.) I kind of want to tell everyone this place sucks just so there's more for me."
"Absolutely great meat! The wait is unbelievable ...but worth it. Regardless, you can't go wrong with any of the smoked meats. Today we had a selection of 4 including smoked lamb neck.  Everyone at the table ...even those who didn't think they liked lamb, ate it with a huge smile.  In the end the lamb neck bone was picked clean.  

I really wished they served beer ...since nothing goes better with bbq ...but that's what to go orders are for. We made sure to order some to go as we ordered our lunch."
"I love barbecue and probably prefer Texas style over all the others (if I had to pick).  I finally got here to try what everyobne had been talking about.  Its good.  Really good.  But I didn't like it enough to wait an hour and twenty minutes for it again.  The Fatty Brisket has just the right amount of smoke on it and it melts in your mouth.  The lean brisket was too dry for my liking.  The sausage was great - house made, nice balance of spice and smoke.  The St. Louis Ribs also a winner.  I had potato salad and slaw as sides.  Didn't really blow my mind at all...could do without them in the future.  Next time, I think the fatty brisket sandwich will be the way to go....as long as I don't have to wait."
"Everything you hear about this place is true. You must line up an hour before opening time to get the best meat selection. My favs are the brisket and turkey but it's impossible to go wrong with any item, even the grits! Just a few tables inside and a few outside. Expect to tie yourself up for several hours for a lunch time visit."
"Hands down the best BBQ in Phoenix and Arizona! If you like Texas style BBQ you have to come here, get the moist/fatty brisquet! Also the pork ribs are so tender and moist. Get there early cause they run out of brisquet fast! The 3 sauces they have are great!"
"This is decent BBQ for Arizona. It's nothing close to as good as Texas BBQ. The meats are over seasoned, which mask some of the wood and smoke taste. The sausage has too much garlic and is missing the richness of sausage that you would find in Texas Hill country. The line is also annoying and slow plus the open door to the restaurant lets in flys that dance all around on your meat before you eat it. This place is good, but doesn't live up to all the hype."
"Best BBQ ever! Go early before they run out.
Put the sauce away because it's so moist you don't need it."
"What the point of another review listing how great this place is? Trust the overall 5 star rating, believe me. Just arrive very early"
"Get the fatty brisket....you will not regret it!
Best BBQ in AZ by far."
Oh man!  There meat is amazing!  The sauce superb.
"Well, what can you say about this place? Small parking lot, extremely long wait, Texas Style BBQ.

The parking lot is small but has an awesome gentleman guiding you into available spaces. During his slow times he will occupy you with conversation while you wait in line for the delicious BBQ.

The line. I got here around 11:45 and was greeted to at least thirty people ahead of me in line. I promptly took my place in line and was greeted by the smell of some amazing BBQ. The line moved extremely slow for us, but we enjoyed great conversations with all the other patrons as we passed the time waiting. 

The owner. A gentleman who we later identified as the owner came out while we were still pretty far back and teased us all we samples of sausage and conversation. This same gentleman came out and broke the news that somewhere in our general place in line he would run out of fatty brisket. Overall, great guy who cares about his customers and obviously his employees. 

Finally, 1 hour and 45 minutes later we get inside and order. We are greeted by the most personable guy cutting meat. He greeted us like long lost friends and joked with us as he filled our meat order and handed us off to the sides person, who promptly filled our order and cashed us out.

We sat outside drinking real coke from a bottle and eating this heavenly BBQ under a covered area at a picnic table with several other patrons. Conversation at this point was very limited as we stuffed ourselves into a meat induced coma.

We sampled Brisket, sausage, pork ribs, pulled pork, jalapeño cheese grits, potato salad and for dessert the best pecan pie I have had in my life, and I'm from the pecan capital of the world, we know pecan pie. The BBQ was amazing, all tender with a nice smokiness and the house made BBQ sauces finished the meat off just right. Keep in mind, their was no reason to use the sauces as the meats, all of them stood on their own. The sides were wonderful with the cheese grits being out of this world.

The owner, again. The owner popped out through the line once again as we were eating to check on his customers and walked through the dining area insuring we were all satisfied. The parking lot guy also checked in on us and made small talk about everything. Great people all around at this place along with a genuine owner who truly cares. I can't put enough emphasis on this. He treated each customer like a friend and listened to all of our comments. This guy is truly an asset to the foodie community here in Phoenix.

Overall, I'd stand in line twice as long to get the experience and food again. Be prepared to wait and take your time and enjoy the experience."
Best hands down the wait is worth it I was in line for 45 to and hour and I won a pie so dont be shy to raise your hand when they ask for a volunteer just a little tip
"Yesterday we came into Phoenix and found Little Miss BBQ a 5 star restaurant on 1,234 reviews.  LMBBQ is located in kind of a remote area like an industrial area.  We were disappointed because they weren't open on Monday (bummer). We saw that they were open Tuesday so we figured we would come here for lunch instead before catching our flight later that evening.

When we go to Smoque in Chicago (another very popular BBQ spot) we usually time it so we avoid the lunch crowd (after 2-2:30pm) and before the dinner crowd @ 5pm.  We spent the morning bopping around in Old Scottsdale looking around at some shops and popping into a few to get relief from the heat.  

Well trying to time it to avoid the lunch crowd almost cost us an opportunity to eat at Little Miss BBQ.  As we pulled up at Little Miss BBQ the chain link fence was partially closed with a sign SOLD OUT.  I was like WTF?  

We drove in and Seth informed us that they had run out of everything.  After talking to Seth and telling him we were from Chicago and we came all the way there because of the reviews on Yelp.  Maybe a little stretch as we were in Phoenix and didn't drive to Arizona just for LMBBQ.  As it turned out the at Seth is from Deerfield, IL. The owner Scott came out to the yard which consists of a gravel parking lot with picnic benches (no frills).  He graciously mentioned that the only thing they had left was the chopped brisket if we wanted it.  Well he had to twist my arm and practically force me to eat it (yeah right).  They had 3 different sauces.  The spicy sauce and the sweet tangy mustard were very good.  I didn't try the other one, but I'm sure it was good too.  I was talking to Scott and he mentioned that the owner of Smoque right here in Chicago bought a smoker from him and they had competed in a BBque cook off wit sum udder BBquers (I don't remember the name of the cook off) 

I was a little bummed that we didn't git ta try dere ribs, but C'Est la Vie.  As it turns out there was just over 1.5 lbs of brisket left, enough for my wife, her brother and porky AKA as me.  I was happy as a pig in a hoe down slop down pigsty ooooooweeee at the way thangs turned out.  Now usually I'm not huge on sides as I go dere for da meat, but we tried dere beans which were mixed with pork.  Those were some dam good beans.  The coleslaw was coleslaw nothing to get too excited about.  James comp'ed us some potato salad as it was left over and he said it would have been tossed out.  It was nice that he gave it to us.  

I am bummed that we didn't git ta try sum of dere udder vittles as I shure would have loved to try dere ribs, but we were fortunate that we were the Da last folks to get in @ 2:30pm as they sold out.  As we were walking in there was anudder car that pulled into the parking lot only to be turned away.  A local dude brought his buddy in that was visiting from Austria.  Sorry bro tomorrow another day.

The staff was cleaning up while we were eating.  They were all very friendly.  When I go back to Phoenix I intend to go back and try their ribs and see how they stack up to Smoque.

As it turned out we had plenty of leftovers for dinner later.  We found an air conditioned shopping center (108 degrees outside) w/a food court.  We found a table sat down and chowed down for a second time."
"There is really only one word to describe this place, AMAZING! The fatty brisket is some of the best I've had. The service is excellent, everyone is so positive and friendly. The wait is well worth it, everything we had was fantastic. Go...you will not be disappointed!!"
Amazing bbq. Better than the st louis bbq I've had. This is hands down the best bbq I've ever had in my life.
"WORTH THE WAIT & LINE!

Fantastic spot for meat lovers and bbq. 
Very popular spot in Phoenix.

Great variety of cuts and meats (Very Very juicy). 
Keep in mind that for baby back ribs, you need to get there early....since, THEY GO FAST.

Big variety of side dishes! 

Very clean eating area and bathrooms. 
During hot weather due to long lines, they have water mist plus give out free water bottles to cool off.


ONLY thing is that prices are slightly above average. I have tried same quality but of meats in CA, for lower cost.

In general it is a tasty, mouth watering experience. Amazing place to develop gout! Worth it!"
"Definitely tasty but not as good as advertised I fear!  Enjoy at your own risk, if you're waiting for your socks to be knocked off, keep waiting :("
Lovely little neighborhood barbecue spot. We visited per suggestion from an employee at a hotel. Everything lived up to what he said. My husband had barbecue pulled pork and I had brisket. My first choice was a fatty brisket but they were out. The food was excellent  and the atmosphere was unpretentious. Prices were average however lines are long long long. I was especially impressed by the beans so when you are considering sides think beans! They're delicious. We've been back but left after viewing the long lines left.  Wish there was someway around the long waits.......if you get there later in the day they're usually out of many meats :(.  But will I return?....... for sure! Also loved the hospitality of the workers and family. Go when you have time to wait....
Best bbq I've ever had. The beans are really good. Definitely worth stopping by if your in the area
"I'll just go ahead and add my 5 star review to the mix. This place is without question the best BBQ place in the Phoenix area. In my opinion, the brisket is the best brisket in THE WORLD!

I've tried most of them meats here, and none of them have disappointed. The brisket, the beef short ribs, and the jalapeño sausages are all 5+ stars on their own!

The service is excellent. The wait time is well know, so just be ready to stand around for awhile. It's worth it.

I'll be honest - I don't come here for the sides. I've tried a few of them in the past,  and they were fine, but I'd rather stuff my gut with more brisket!"
"I never do a review of a place until I have eaten there a few times.  I will make a exception this time.  This was the first time I have been to this place.  I must say it is a amazing place to eat.  I waited in line for a hour before I got my food.  I never do that, but heard great things and decided to stick it out.  I will say the food was really good.  I ordered the two meat plate with two side.  I got pulled pork and sausage.  The sides were tater salad and beans.  These were all really good.  I loved the smell of the wood burning out side while waiting in line.  I like this place and will go back for sure.  I might go after the lunch rush and brave the chance they will have the meats later in the afternoon.  I like this place and recommend it for anyone.  The line does suck but it is worth it."
This place is absolutely amazing!!! Very friendly great service. The food was to die for. We waited in line for about 15 minutes but it was definitely Worth the wait.
Amazing BBQ and phenomenal customer service! Worth the wait and we always show up extra early to be the first in line! The BBQ melts in your mouth and the Potato Salad is my favorite side! Also pretty good Pecan Pie!
"Possibly the best bar b que on this side of the country. After waiting in line for well over two hours I chose the brisket, half fatty and half lean. Definitely worth the wait."
Some good BBQ  and close to home .. very nice employees they help me decide on what to get .
"This is amazing BBQ!! I had the moist Brisket and Ribs, easily the best in Phoenix right now.  The bark on the brisket was tasty while not being to strong.   The Pork ribs were super tender and great tasting.   The downside to this restaurant is there is always at least a 20 minute wait, small inside seating but a large patio area.  You can expect to pay $2-$4 more a pound for the meats here so be prepared to pay a bit more here than others BBQ joints."
"All time best BBQ in Arizona. Simple as that. 

Their sauces and sides are fantastic too!"
"5 stars all day! Don't like to wait in line in the shade outside on a hot day? Don't come here then the line will be that much shorter without you in it. The line does move slowly but that's only because the guy making your plate is cutting the brisket, ribs, etc...as you order it, ensuring you get the best quality meats! Similar to the way they cut pastrami at Katz's Deli in NYC. If I'm ever in the Phoenix I will always come here."
"Wait in the line! No matter how long it is- wait. Bring your phone, bring a deck of cards, bring some friends to entertain you. It is totally worth the wait. My husband and I discovered this place right after getting off of the plane at the airport. We had no clue if it's popularity and saw the line outside. We thought that the stickers on the post meant the time that you might get to the front (meaning time of day, not length of time...and at the time we were here 1:30 didn't see long bc it was 1:00). We ended up waiting 1 hour 30 minutes , but it was so worth it that we came back 2 days later. 
The staff are incredibly nice, friendly, and motivational during your wait. The brisket is phenomenal. Get the grits. The sausage, ribs and turkey are great too. They aren't lying to you when they say it's all good!"
The best BBQ in the state.  No one even comes close.  I went two days in a row and am going back tomorrow.
"Little Miss BBQ is hands down the best bbq joint in the Phoenix area. Like many others have mentioned, their moist brisket is the best I've had even compared to bogart's/pappys in St Louis and various joints in Texas (I haven't been to Franklins due to the wait). Expect to wait at least 30-45 min on the weekdays and at least 75 minutes on the weekend. 

All the meats ate smoked well including the ribs, sausage, pulled pork, lamb neck and turkey! Sausage is super flavorful and the turkey is probably my second favorite behind the moist brisket. The 2 meat plate + a sausage is more than enough food and I usually end up taking a little bit home. For sides I'd recommend the jalapeño grits or baked beans which include bits of brisket! Potato salad and Cole slaw aren't anything special. Can't wait to come back on a Thursday to try the pastrami and one of these days I'll endure the weekend wait to get my hands on a beef rib which 20/lbs and the ribs come in at a whopping 1-1.5 lbs per rib!

Ended up getting my beef short rib and I they're available Friday and Saturday! Fall off the bone goodness and it's so tender it almost melts in your mouth. Nice smoky flavor to it as well."
"I was going to only give them 4 stars because there's always such a long wait... But the food is so damn delicious. Lil miss bbq in Phoenix is Not just the BEST bbq in the valley but the only good bbq that I've found. I Highly recommend it even though the wait was out the door around the corner. Come early, come hungry. Get a 2 meat combo! And leave happy!"
"Easiest the best brisket and beef ribs I ever had.

Went on a Sat.  Got in line at 10:50am before opening at 11am.  Able to order at 12noon.  Very long line.  Ordered beef ribs, brisket, pulled pork, sausage and pork ribs.

Pulled pork, Sausage and porks ribs are pretty good but the stars are beef ribs and brisket.

So come early and get inline."
"This is the best BBQ is Phoenix and probably Arizona. The meats are extremely flavorful and smoky, yet tender and moist. My mouth waters just thinking about their signature brisket. As someone who has lived in the Southeast and traveled to the BBQ kingdoms of Texas, Memphis and many more Little Miss Bbq ranks high on my list. Don't miss out on their turkey, it's a gem that doesn't get as a much attention as some of the other items. The entire staff is friendly and the long wait will pass quickly if you take the time to get to know your neighbor while in line."
"The food speaks for itself.. The fatty brisket was amazing, sausages were big and ribs fall off of the bone.  In addition, the staff was extremely friendly.  The owner and one of the cooks both came to talk to us and make sure everything was ok.....   This is the best BBQ that I've had in AZ hands down!!"
"BBQ is my favorite type of food so I've tried nearly every notable BBQ joint in town, Lil miss definitely takes the crown of best BBQ in the Phx MSA!!!"
"I can't believe I've never reviewed this place.  Last year when I went to Phoenix, we tried this place because of the outstanding reviews.  Oh all days, serendipitously they were taping an episode of BBQ Crawl (I think it was this one - http://www.travelchannel.com/shows/bbq-crawl/episodes/phoenix-fair-food-fancy-food-trucks).  The lines were long and the tiny parking lot full.  That only served to drive up the anticipation.  And being a misplaced Central Texas, I was blown away with their brisket.  SO...MOIST...  Oh my.  The kind of brisket I crave.  The people working there were so sweet, too.  I will remember this place for a long time to come."
"Hands down some of the best BBQ I've found in AZ. We got there around 1pm, and they close at 2, so we pretty much took the last of the food they had. Apparently they have lines for days during the lunch rush and they close up shop when they sell out, which is typical considering the long cooking and smoking it takes for quality BBQ. 

They only had chopped brisket and sausage left, which made the decision process easy since I longed to try everything on the menu. I went with the El Jefe, which is a sandwich with a combination of the chopped brisket & sausage. Defintely EL JEFE! Huge sandwich on top of a plate loaded with sides and toppings. 

I had never tried grits before eating here, but they were on top of my list (I watch too much Food Network). I was not disappointed. Slightly spicy, cheesy, delicious... I've had grits twice since and didn't see the point. I will always compare any grits I try in the future to this delicious experience. 

Real BBQ doesn't need sauce, but their sauce is great. I personally prefer the Spicy. 

On top of all the deliciousness, the service is what really got me. I felt like a welcomed regular even on my first visit. Everyone is just so chill and clearly passionate about the food they make. i love the outdoor seating area. All the firewood is stacked up against the walls, ready to flavor some tasty meat, and makes for a pretty cute Flagstaff/log-cabin type of feel. You watch them get cranking on the next day's food and forget you're in the middle of a busy/crappy downtown Phoenix road. 

Also, across the street there's a really cute record store and I'd highly recommend stopping by for a browse if that's your kind of thing!"
"Absolutely phenomenal... You can smell the greatness once you open your car door.  Brisket was flavorful, tender and the sausage was fantastic  too.  The sides were on point.

Employees were extremely friendly and offered samples while standing in line."
"We waited about an hour and got there before it opened, but it's totally worth it. Thursday's fatty pastrami special is the best, and the fatty brisket is a close second."
"Big thumbs up for this place. 

Over 1000 reviews it reached five stars, it was really a great place!!! From the greeting when I walked in the door to the delicious BBQ, I totally have no complaints with my time here. 

Will definitely be back!"
"Well this is a little over due(about 2 years) I've been to LMB in the past for lunch. This past Saturday I used them to cater my sisters coed baby shower (BaByQ). Everything was amazing! Scott and his crew were very helpful with helping me order an appropriate amount of food for a large group. Scott was also very quick in his email responses. I couldn't have been more pleased with their service, attention to detail and most importantly delicious BBQ! The brisket was the crowd favorite. Thank you LMB for making the BaByQ a success!"
"My fiancé and I came here in hopes of trying this place based on the wonderful yelp reviews. We're from Orange County and flew into Arizona to meet family for Thanksgiving. However, my family won't be arriving until later tonight so we found ourselves looking for a place to eat on Thanksgiving day. When we yelped a place, little ms BBQ popped up as opened so we got really excited and drove out. Unfortunately, they weren't :(. There were some workers preparing some food for catering (if I remembered correctly). One of the guys came to our car and told us the bad news that they were actually closed. The reason for the 5 star review is that he and the other workers still offered us food from whatever they had left over. We passed because it was Thanksgiving and we didn't want to inconvenience them. I'm sure they want to get home asap without having to pack us anything. They were so nice and apologetic for being closed. Seemed like great good with great service!"
"Just got back from a road trip to San Antonio and Austin, hotspots for some great Texas barbecue. Paid a visit to 2M barbecue, the Salt Lick, and Micklethwait Meats, all of which are recognized as some of the best barbecue in Texas. Each had their individual strong points which were comparable to what is served at Little Miss, but none of them delivered the entire package as well as Little Miss does. The meats of course stand out at Little Miss, but the sides also are all superb and worthy of consumption. The sides at the Texas bbq stops did not get devoured whereas at Little Miss nothing gets left on the plate. Last but not least The service personnel at Little Miss is consistently excellent and always happy that you were there."
"My boyfriend and I are in town for spring training, so it was our first time here. We knew to expect a wait, but we weren't expecting a 40 minute wait on a Wednesday. We're usually complainers when it comes to long lines but I couldn't get mad because everybody was so nice. The guy behind the counter gave out samples of sausage and brisket and everything we ordered was DELICIOUS. We weren't too blown away by any of the sides, but the bbq was amazing."
Food was amazing!! Yes there was a wait but it went by quick! And the man that helped me with parking was awesome! (My pictures are pretty bad... but trust me deff worth the wait!)
"The first step to recovery is indulgence, right? I've been trying to free myself of some nasty BBQ cravings for some time now (by eating it constantly, of course), but I swear the hankerings get stronger by the day.

Maybe if Little Miss BBQ wasn't capable of giving dead meat more life than when it used to be an animal, I'd have gotten it out of my system by now.

Seriously, I've had BBQ from at least a six places in the last month, and (dirty, saucy, smoky) hands down... Little Miss takes the cake. And then throws the cake out the window and replaces it with some epic BBQ. You didn't even want cake.

From the brisket, to the pulled pork, to the sauce drippin' down this slaw, all us fans yee-haw. Or make whatever noise is necessary to get more food. The turkey was the best I've ever had - so savory and magnificent - sorry every Thanksgiving ever. The fatty brisket was essentially a chocolate truffle in cow form. I want to try all the creations, and since samples were kindly offered, I'm on my way to achieving that goal.

I ended up getting both the lean brisket and the turkey with heaps of glorious cole slaw and drowning it all in a harmonious yin yang of sweet and tangy mustard and BBQ sauce. I also ""helped"" my friend out with her pulled pork sandwich. Every bite was better than the last, and then it was gone. As soon as I find stomach space, round II is on."
"Hype seldom lives up to reality but this place deliveries.  I have a new favorite brisket place ...oh and sausage.  
First class operation from ushering the cars, having ice cold water bottle while you wait in line and coming around with samplings of the deliciousness that awaits you.  
I gave a 5 star even though I didn't get exactly what I wanted (ordered potato salad but got coleslaw; I live and get over it) because the food is solid and the staff could not be nicer.
It is worth the wait and I like this place so much that I'm not even going to share the pro tips I picked up about wait time."
"The food is exquisite. The line and the prices are another story. But it's all about what you want. If you want the best, you'll wait and be happy. Not a huge barbecue fan but their quality and taste is a differentiator. Worth checking out and that is for certain."
"If you know real BBQ, you already know about this place. It's the only legit smoked brisket I've ever had in a restaurant in AZ, and I've eaten at them all.

PS: I don't want to add to the hype or give unrealistic expectations, so I must admit that it is just real food, cooked nice and slow. NO food, will ever be worth waiting 1+hr. in line to me, so I just keep driving most of the time I try to visit."
"Lil' Miss BBQ may have a bit of a hipster appeal to it, but make no mistake, this is REAL DEAL BBQ! This converted industrial space has several long smokers on site where they smoke all different types of meat to perfection daily. 

All of the meats are delicious and the baked beans and jalapeño cheese grits are so good that I'd purchase them in Costco portions if I could."
Absolutely the best bbq I have ever had. The brisket and pulled pork are amazing. The sausage is great. Scott and his family do a great job at this tiny little gem. I would drive from just about anywhere to eat at Little Miss.
"Little Miss BBQ is a not-to-miss gem. The sliced brisket will amaze you. Lightly smoked, tender, juicy and delicious. The pecan pie is better than granny's, so save room for dessert."
"The best bbq brisket, sausage and beans in town. All the yelpers are right on with this little gem! Parking is an issue and the heat waiting in line are the negatives but it's worth it"
"This GEM was recommended to us by a friend & after seeing all these photos, we had to try it! Today was our first (of many) trips! We arrived early (10am, 3rd in line) & were greeted like family! We got a tour of the establishment, we were shown the smokers & explained their amazing process and even offered water.. We could not feel more welcome! That is, until we were in the door 11 o'clock on the dot and given samples of the fresh first cut brisket that had been smoking over night! We ordered a meat platter, el hefe, pecan pie & we were so lucky to be the first to try Travis's brisket pot pie which was amazing & had the most perfect amount of flavorful heat! During our meal Travis came by asking about the pot pie & another gentleman came a couple times to chat & make sure things were all good! 
We have been industry peeps in the valley for over 15 years & I have to say this may have been one of the most delightful dining experiences we've ever had! We're so thankful & will be back regularly! Thanks guys for an incredible experience!"
"Well worth the wait in line for THE best BBQ!   We got there around 11:10, parking was very well organized and so was the line. A nice touch to offer little bottles/cups of water while in line under the awning with a water mist going. Probably waited around 45 minutes and it was worth it. 

I got the Jefe sandwich with the slaw and pickle (yum, so good!) & the Jalapeño grits are amazing. 

Everyone is so nice, asks you how you're doing, whatchya up to...all while fixing up a plate of the most delicious food there could be. 

Only about 5 tables inside; but picnic tables outside. All the tables have the bottles of sauce to add to the yum...can't go wrong with the house sauce!"
"I consider myself to be a pretty good authority on BBQ this is an okay eating establishment the brisket was fantastic even though it needed a little more flavor was done to perfection. The potato salad needs to be reworked it really doesn't have good flavor and it has too much mustard in it. The beans were phenomenal the beans alone could keep the place in business I found the pork ribs to be just mediocre, for the wait that I had to wait in line which was about an hour I wouldn't recommend this place for the price. In fact if you want just as good a food if not better I would recommend  you go to Rudy's over in Chandler or in Avondale you can get as good if not better of the same product and not stand in line for as long"
"Really good bbq. Pretty much the best I've had. Only complaint is standing in line outside until you get to the ordering area. Get there early because when they run out, it's over"
"This is by far the best BBQ I have ever eaten. I have never been much of a brisket fan, but the brisket here is so tender and flavorful, it literally melts as soon as it hits your tongue! The sausage is also very flavorful a d has a great snap to the skin. On Fridays, the beef ribs are well worth the extra expense and great to split among friends. The BBQ beans and Cole slaw are great sides.

On top of the stellar food, the staff is very friendly and welcoming. The owner's dad will greet you and help you park, and staff hands out samples of brisket and sausage before you order to whet your appetite.  If you are lucky, you may also get a tour of the smokers and hear the story if how LMB came to be. The whole visit is such a great experience. Well worth the wait, but get there early! By 10, there is already a line!"
Expect a long waiting here. We came around 1130am on Sat and finally got food around 1pm. So be sure to have some sunscreen/water if you come on a sunny Phoenix summer day. despite the long waiting the food is more than enough to justify it. It brought bbq to the next level for me ;)
"I tried visiting LMB a year ago and was unaware of the lunch hours, so back in the area a year later and made time to visit - was not disappointed. We arrived late (3:00pm) so there was only brisket and sausage left. Naturally, I ordered a two meat plate with potato salad and ranch style beans. Lunch was delicious. The owner (or manager-type, not sure) came over several times to check on us and thank us for visiting. I used the spicy BBQ sauce provided which I thought was delicious. I wish we arrived earlier to try the pulled pork, maybe next year!"
"Move aside Rudys, Little Ms BBQ has the best pulled pork in town. Now let me preference my review by saying that I LOVE Rudys and by saying that you cannot go wrong with either BBQ restaurant. However, in my opinion, the pulled pork was the best that I've ever had. 

The brisket was on par with Rudys. Very lean. For a more moist and flavorful taste, I suggest the less lean selection."
"I feel bad not leaving 5 stars!
I have never seen a place with over 1k reviews with 5 stars... so I had to eat here. 

They were sold out of brisket, so maybe that's why I can't give them 5 stars! I did get the cut brisket, which was good, just not amazing... or anything special. 

The staff is 5 stars, each one gives off an owner vibe, very friendly and passionate about their job, def unique to the food industry. 

I'd go again if I was near the area but probably wouldn't be first on my list."
"I love barbecue.

OK, let me restate that.

I love this barbecue, because this is what barbecue should be.  

When I was a kid, we would go visit my grandparents in Alabama, and one night, they would get what they called ""barbecue"" (say it with a think southern accent to get the real feeling of the story) which consisted of a huge helping of pulled pork, hamburger buns and hot sauce.  It wasn't until today that I experienced anything close to that childhood food heaven.

All other barbecue restaurants should require their entire staff to take a field trip to this place so they can see how it's done.  Seriously.

The setup is pretty crazy.  Sort of like the Soup Nazi or Artichokes in Manhattan.  My friend was ready to bail when he saw the line in front.  But I knew it would be worth it.  176 reviews on yelp and 5 stars?  Come on...

And we waited quite a while, as you probably will too, but trust me it's worth it.

We were given samples of the sausage by the owner, which were excellent.

We both ordered the two meat plates with pulled pork and brisket.  Apparently, they also have beef short ribs on Fridays, but by 12:30 they were sold out (I'm planning to arrive earlier next time aka next week).

For sides, I got cole slaw and potato salad, and both were excellent.  They had 3 sauces on each table, each more delicious than the next.

Not only is this the best barbecue restaurant in Phoenix, it is one of the best barbecue restaurants I have been to in my life.  When I left I promised them that they would have a new regular - and I plan to keep that promise."
"Phoenix now takes the crown for best BBQ in the land.  Texas, Carolinas, Alabama and anywhere else that prides themselves on good BBQ needs to take note.

Don't let the location or appearance fool you.  Awesome and I will be back next time I am on town!"
"OMG!!! What can I say, I have ate here twice during business and leisure trips to Arizona.  Best BBQ PERIOD!  A must stop and try if you are in the area.  There line is always long and they run out of food shortly after lunch typically and will keep the line updated on what they are running out of.  They have some outdoor seating thats covered and some indoor seating as well.  They have water misters on when its hot for the line.  I recommend anything and everything as i have tried it all."
"Unfortunately, as with most events or locations that receive a great deal of ""hype,"" they seldom live up to that ""hype.""

Such is the case for me with Little Miss. Tried many times to get in, but just won't wait one hour plus for Bar-B-Que (or anything else!). Did find that after the ""Lunch Hour"" there is virtually no line, so have visited and eaten three times.

My take:

 Brisket - GREAT flavor but candidly, no better than Rudy's, which
                          I consider to be the best available to me (The ""moist"")

 Sausage - GOOD flavor but too spicy and greasy for my taste

 Turkey - Much too DRY the two time I ordered

As for the ""Sides,"" nothing special, although I only tried The Grits and The Beans.

All in all, for possibly the most expensive Bar-B-Que in the Valley (By the pound!) just not worth the difference (Rudy's again) or the wait."
"5 stars for the fatty brisket. By far the best item on their menu. Ribs had good flavor, fall off the bone tender, moist, and worth trying. Sausage was good, but not as much flavor as the ribs and brisket. Turkey was a bit dry, but had a decent amount of flavor. My least favorite item, but still good. We showed up at 11:07 on a Thursday. The line went very slow and we had to wait 1.5 hrs. I don't feel like there's a need for the line to move this slow. 

The workers taking orders were very nice and helpful in figuring out what I should order."
Make this short & sweet! To the point~THE BEST BRISKET you may have in your life bet your sweet *** sister lol!!
This place has the best BBQ in Arizona I'm a born and raised native and I can say this with confidence. This was a spiritual experience of me throwing utensils aside and diving into my plate cave man status . Would recommend pulled pork ribs n the brisket oh my god !!!!
Best BBQ in Phoenix and it's not even close. Amazing
Was in town for Mothers Day weekend and missed them the past 3 times... Had to get my LMB fix.  Still the best
"Ate here today and I would rank this as one of the top 5 BBQ joints in the country. Yes country. Waited an hour in the 100 degree AZ summer heat but well worth it. Staff is super friendly here and you stay cool in line by the constant mist and free waters they hand out. 

I had a brisket plate with grits and slaw, pickles, onions and jalapeños. I opted for the fatty brisket and it was absolutely amazing. Pulled pork looked very good too which is what I would try next time. 

Get here early if you don't want to wait in line long or go in summer when it's super hot and the lines are shorter. If you are in Phoenix and you like BBQ you need to eat here."
"My first taste of LIttle Miss was picked up and brought to me, and I had to check it out for myself.  If I could give 4.5 stars I would, but I will round up.  

I had the brisket both times, because it is so highly recommended and because I don't eat pigs.  Both times, awesome.  It's juicy, tender and full of flavor.  The owner, Scott, gives samples when you make it in the door.  I get it on a sandwich with a side of house BBQ sauce.

The shop is very small, with indoor and outdoor seating.  There's room for not much besides the line that passes by the counter where Scott will personally slice your meat.  The smoker out back is about as large as the shop, and Scott's father is happy to give a tour of it!

Everybody there (all 4 employees) were very hospitable.  They clearly love what they do and have fun coming to work.  They're also GREAT at it, as evidenced by the delicious food and BBQ awards they have won.

The only downside (the half star, if I could) is the line.  There's a little bit of a trendy, scarcity thing going on here that seems to attract people, rather than scare them off.  It seems that the reason for the long wait is primarily the fact that Scott prepares the meat for each order himself, which is great.  But perhaps an apprentice of sorts could help keep things moving a little speedier?  Scott's dad handing out bottled water is the only reason some of us survived the line out in the Phoenix heat.  

To sum up: Absolutely come give this place a try, but know what you're walking in to!  Bring a friend and extra time for the line."
"Hands down one of the few rare walk in BBQ places in Arizona. COME EARLY otherwise you will end up waiting in a line for an hour or more.

All of their meats are freshly cooked daily when they are open along with the sauces that they make from scratch. 

If you are looking for a Texas based BBQ place you MUST COME HERE as it's the closet that you can get to it."
"Amazing, ya we waited an hour and a half but I'd wait twice that for this BBQ. Oh the brisket, most defined smoke ring I've seen, and melts in your mouth. The Pork ribs were incredible, meat actually fell off the bone, I once though that was a term people just use. I LOVE!! mustard BBQ and they have the best sauce around. Who would have thought that beans could be so wonderful, I could have eaten a whole bowl. It was my first time having grits and won't be my last, jalapeño cheddar grits yes please. BEST BBQ EVER!!!! Now time for a meat induced nap:)"
"I don't think this place needs my review with a thousand of them and a perfect rating.  However, when I come across a place as remarkable as this one, I have to.. well.. remark. My comments are simple.  Best barbecue I've ever had--and this from a Texan.  Brisket so full of rich smokey flavor. Succulent and spicy and melts in your mouth. Jalapeno grits unique and creamy and a perfect addition to your bbq plate. I waited in line for an hour. I might well have waited two if necessary.  Relax, enjoy the mist, and chat with the folks around you.  Your patience will be rewarded."
"Though I've lived most of my life in Hawaii and then Phoenix my family, for several generations, is from Texas - and thus, we are enamored of good Texas BBQ even though none us have lived there for about three decades. Lucky for me, I've found an amazing example of Central Texas style BBQ - which is a product of German cooking styles and Texas raised beef - and generally homemade sausage that is heavy on the black pepper - and of course, brisket in slices versus say, chopped. like they do in East Texas.

Little Miss BBQ knocks the Central Texas style of BBQ out of the park - I had a taste of their house made sausage and I was transported back to the Texas BBQs of my childhood - smokey, greasy, black peppery goodness! In addition, the brisket, both lean and fatty, literally falls apart and has that wonderful smoke ring and dry rubbed goodness that are classic characteristics of Texas style brisket. 

For those of you not into red meat the smoked turkey is also delicious - I haven't tried the potato salad but the cheesy grits were good and helped offset the spicy nature of the beans, chock full of BBQ bits and black pepper - you can also get a tray or to-go plate with white bread, onions, pickles and jalapeno slices -  they do have seating outside and a few seats inside but easiest to get your BBQ and go, at least until the weather gets a bit cooler. 

In summation, no need to go to Texas to get good German inspired Central Texas BBQ, it is right here in Tempe - love it!"
My colleagues and I were in Phoenix for only a few hours and decided to eat lunch at the Little Miss BBQ because it had 1000+ 5 stars reviews! All I can say is this place amazing and their fatty brisket is the best I have ever had. Highly recommended. Go a little early to get your favorite meats and avoid staying in line.
"Daaaayum that is some fantastic fatty brisket!!!  The bark - I want it all!!  So well worth the line and the wait, especially after the tour of the smokers. :)  Love this place and can't wait to go back."
"it was good but not great. bbq is very subjective and everyone has their favorite spot, and this could just be down to an anomaly, but I was a little disappointed in the brisket especially after the stellar reviews. so disappointed that a central texas style bbq place in SD of all places was way better (grand ole). 

why was it disappointing?

their brisket was way too soft because it was overcooked. proper slow smoked brisket should be tender to the bite not soft to the point it's mushy, and don't confuse mushy with tender. 

also the juiciness that makes bbq brisket so amazing was missing. it should be glistening during slicing from all the rendering of the fat during smoking. also if you sit down to eat after paying it should still be glistening at the table. it wasn't dry but it could've been juicier.

another giveaway our brisket was overcooked, even the burnt ends which is always the toughest part of the brisket during smoking because of thinness was soft. also the brisket lacked the infamous smoke ring but it did have a nice bark.

again it could just be this one brisket we had and unfortunately we wont know unless we go back."
Best BBQ in town. The Brisket is mouthwatering and melts in your mouth. Can't say enough. You will not be disappointed. Be prepared for long lines and usually a 25-30 minute wait but it's all worth it.
"2 hour wait starting at 1030 (place opens at 11), but it was worth it. The service is warm and they do a good job supplying samples and water while you wait. The beef ribs are a must have while the sides disappointed a little.  If your looking to support small business and want authentic BBQ with please smile, bring something to keep yourself company while you wait."
"Best BBQ in Phoenix no joke.... Waited 20 minutes in line  and the owners are super nice.... We got the brisket, pulled pork and sausge AMAZING THATS ALL I CAN SAY...Im comin back to try the ribs next time since they ran out...."
"Over 1200+ reviews and a 5 star; I concur!!  We got here at 2:10pm and they were sold out of Brisket and pork ribs. My wife got the last of the pulled pork and I got some chopped Brisket and sweet talked the server to give the less than a hand full of pulled pork I saw. The sides were the grits, ranch style beans, coleslaw and potato salad.  The potato salad would be the loser of the sides but it was still good. The slaw was not the sweet type but very good. The grits were surprisingly very good. Seeing as I have spent a week a month for the last 5 months in the ATL trying grits, I think I can safely say these are just as good if not better in most cases. The Ranch style beans have a lot of meat. Yes meat, excellent. 

Now to the meats pulled pork and chopped brisket both great. No sauce needed. Seeing as I like my sauce I tried all three and all were excellent.  Now the spicy BBQ was on the not so spicy side but so flavorful!!!  5 STAR, YES!!"
"I can't tell enough how good the food is! Their fatty brisket is to die for! 

The Good:

- Amazing food. Best BBQ I have ever had. Probably I will ever have. 
- Service is great as well. 

The Bad:

- Obviously, the wait. I thought people were exaggerating. They are not. 
- Location. It is in a rather sketchy neighborhood.

I hate lines. I simply don't eat somewhere no matter how good it might be if they make me wait. Little Miss BBQ is an exception."
The only thing better than Little Miss is when my husband makes it himself. Amazing brisket and grits. Do not pass up the sausage.
Yes the hype is worth it!! Check out the brisket for sure!
"Awesome food (best BBQ in Arizona), need to figure a way to handle take out... 

I am a total fan of this place.  One thing is the wait sucks... I would give five stars cause it's that good, but the star is reserved due to the delays caused by their take out orders... Take out is first come first serve and when someone ahead orders for the whole office the normal 30 minute wait can turn into 50 minutes really quick. Oh and people who are not even in line can steal your ribs..."
"Fan. Tas. Tic. bbq.  The guy that runs this place is pretty well known on the national BBQ circuit, and is known as a great competitor and a great guy. The pulled pork, brisket, pastrami, and pork ribs are all fantastic. The hours are very limited though, it is open roughly 20 hours a week.
If I had one rub its that this place is still keeping lines deliberately very long when it doesn't have to be that way.  Good way to build anticipation and a name before anyone knows about you, but now Lil Miss has a following, they don't really need to do that."
"I will tell you that I have lived many places that claim to have the best BBQ around...I lived in texas over 20 years, I lived in Alabama, Georgia and pretty much anywhere in the south that has ""great"" bbq.

I have never tasted anything as good as I had here at Little Miss BBQ. The Owner Scott was an exceptional man to talk to as well. Positive attitude and approachable. I felt welcomed here as a guest not just a ""cash in the door"" person.

I have to admit Im glad I read a lot of reviews here first or I may have been put off a bit. I don't Wait for food or movies..if theres a line...Im gone and will try another day. Till I found out there is always a line and I can see why. 

They open at 11am i got there about 1030 and there was a line already of about 30 people or so....I am excited. After  awhile the line got longer and the owners dad was directing people to parking spots. this is so far really the appetizer I should say. lol. the dads name is Denny and he was very nice to talk to..

and yes if you ask they will let you take pictures and let you in the gate to tell you about the smokers ( 1000 gallons WOW)

 by the time they opened one of the people there was handing out In house made sausages to try to the people the line. Amazing taste! Quinton cuts the meat really well and the rest of the crew at the counter were very nice. try the Jalapeño cheddar grits!

Once the doors opened the line moved at a fairly quick pace. HOWEVER, don't get too late cause they will run out of food. Each person going through has the choice to get as much as they want...theres really no limit. so get there early :-D

I had the two meat plate of ""fatty"" and lean brisket. WOW never tasted anything as great as this place. ever. and I am a texan through and through. Ive had good bbq but this was great. 
the color of the meat, the bark on the outside, the juiciness...but its the color that got me hooked..absolutely beautiful meat.

the also make there own pecan pies. and they smoke them too. 

I can't think of any negative aspect of this place. they have water bottles in a Yeti cooler for those who are thirsty. misters during the summer, and the heater during the colder months for those waiting in line. 

I am so excited that I can have awesome BBQ so close to my home.

sad there only open right from 11 to 4pm or ""until they run out of food""

btw if you get there and there no brisket left.....make sure to asked for the Chopped sandwich...it is the brisket just chopped up with house made sauce

they have a little bit of everything for the bbq aficionado. Turkey, Pulled pork, pork ribs, Beef ribs on fri/sat. brisket, sausage. its a place that has me returning."
"I've been dying to try this place. I love good BBQ. Looking for a good BBQ place in AZ. We drove up to the little place and it has a decent size parking lot but it's almost full and the line is huge. First thing out of our mouth ""is this place worth it"" of course it is. They have a parking lot attendant to help everyone find parking. So we get in line. All the way past the the picnic tables. They provide free water bottles and lawn chairs while you wait in line. As we get closer to the front door, the owner gives everyone a meat update telling everyone how much meat is available. Nice. He points right after us and say the fatty brisket and pork ribs probably won't last past this point. Nice cause this is what we wanted. Once we get in the door, the meat man is very nice and friendly. Offers everyone a sample fatty brisket. Wow. So moist. So good. Just what we wanted. Only problem is the man in front of us just ordered the last fatty brisket. No more. Arghhh. 

That's okay. I ordered the brisket and pork rib with a side of jalapeño cheddar grits, beans and white bread. I got three thick cuts of brisket. When you cut it, it just falls apart. Even though it's not the fatty brisket, it's so good. So moist. So tasty. Man is it good. Add their original sauce and your in heaven. Oh my goodness. I had one thick meaty pork rib. Nice and juicy. Love it. So tasty. Love the original sauce. The jalapeño cheddar grits were very good and very popular. Not to spicy bit good. Love their beans with pieces of meat in it. Little spicy giving it a little kick but good. 

My son ordered the same things as I did but my daughter got the brisket and sausage. Home made sausage. I tried it and it was so good. I asked her why she ordered sausage and she said everyone in front of her was ordering it so it must be good. She was right so good. 

I got to say that this is the best BBQ I've had in AZ. I can even say I like this better than the BBQ I've had in Austin, TX. It's that good. Only thing I don't like is the wait. We had to wait an hour. You have to love BBQ to wait in line for an hour outside (even though the weather was perfect). 

Service was excellent. Meat man was so friendly asking everyone how their day is and making small talk. The parking attendant was nice to talk to. Very friendly. Plus the owner giving everyone the meat update while waiting in line. So I loved the service. 

Great food. Great service. Long wait. When they are out of food they are out. Love this place and I will be sure to get there before noon next time. Like I said best BBQ in AZ."
"Amazing food and amazing people. Long wait, but definitely worth it.
Fatty brisket and beef ribs are a MUST."
Schedule a take out one week in advance. It is much faster than waiting in line. Words cannot describe how good the food it. Outstanding would be a start.
"Easy to miss - or dismiss - but that'd be a mistake.

NOTE: They close at 4p and often run out of the most popular items before that.

We dropped in for a bite around 3:30p Sat before heading back to Tucson. Perfect road-food or a quick sit-down meal. The establishment consists of a very small 8-10 foot long counter where you order and pay. There are about a half-dozen choices of meats (e.g., pulled pork, brisket, ribs, sausage) and a half-dozen sides.  These items are all ordered ala carte in any combination of weights (e.g., $18/lb brisket; $16/pound pulled pork).

The brisket is 5-Stars, absolutely the best. Not a dry or overcooked piece anywhere.  This is because they cook it all fresh and aim, purposely, for no leftovers because all leftovers are taken home by the staff/owner at 4p everyday.  This is why they typically run out by 2-3p of the most expensive items (brisket) because they never save or re-warm meat for the next day. If only every bbq joint could afford to do this!  The meats were also so flavorful that we generally ignored adding any bbq sauces... that's amore! On this visit, they had run out of 4-5 items, including the sliced brisket. But they still had some chopped brisket left.

The only side we got was the jalapeño and cheese grits.  Very good too, although I would have preffered a texture that conjured genuine/fresh grits.  These were nearly as smooth (and as grits go, as bland) as mashed potatoes in terms of feel on the palate. However, they had a terrific ""bite"" that lingered. I would order these again!

So, why not an overall 5-star rating? The pulled pork was disappointing, for two reasons: extremely high fat content (roughly 1/4 of the pound we ordered was chunks of fat we were able to easily strip from the meat still... not what one deserves at $16/lb.  And, the pork was exceptionally... salty. So, here we found ourselves dipping into the bbq sauce most, to counter the saltiness.

Staff is talkative and jovial.
Drinks are self-serve, fountain style.
Parking is free but limited to about a dozen spots in their fenced-in lot... could be challenging at lunchtime.
Oh, and don't hesitate to ask for samples :)"
"Got the beef short ribs, fatty brisket and sausage. By far the best BBQ I've ever eaten."
"This review is for the Sunnyslope location that just opened not too long ago. It's so new they don't have a Yelp page yet...

I haven't been compelled to write a Yelp review in a while but this place is more than deserving. I went for a friend's bday celebration and this is hands down the best BBQ in AZ and the best I've ever had. Brisket two ways, sausage, pulled pork, beef ribs, pork ribs, potato salad, bbq beans and Mac n cheese!! Even the 3 sauces they make are hella good. Usually places have 1 maybe two sauces that are good and the rest are just ""eh"". Not here. The first plate I ate with no sauce in order to really taste the food how it comes. Second plate I used all 3 on a piece of brisket and all of them were bomb !  Potato salad and beans were the best I've ever had. Beans have a slight kick to them and I don't do well with spicy food but it's just the right level. Neither one needed salt or pepper and that's saying a lot. Mac n cheese is my personal specialty. I don't think restaurants Mac n cheese is comparable to mine so I'm never really satisfied with it. This one was cool tho . 

This place is highly recommended and I suggest you get there about an hour earlier than you want to eat cuz the line is long. It was an hour wait but well worth it!!  #MunchieTeam"
"I mean, does this place need another 5 star review? I don't care, I'm doing it anyways.

If you want Texas Style BBQ, this is one of the ONLY places you're going to find it in Phoenix. The brisket is award winning (literally), and all the other items are incredible. I smoke my own BBQ at home, so I know the effort it takes to get to such a high quality. This is the first place that I can say outdoes what I can do at home. Their customer service is outstanding. They are very friendly, and give a quick sample before you order. The pit master will walk the line and talk to people, especially regulars. He's super friendly, and so is his dad who directs traffic out in the parking lot. The only drawback is the line you have to wait in. But, how can you dock a place for having a long line because of how damn good it is? You can't, I'll wait in the line 2 hours if I have to, it's worth it to me. I really hope they decide to expand, but I know they don't have aspirations to become a huge restaurant, which I respect.

Go get in line for Little Miss, you won't be sorry you did."
"This is one of the best barbecue restaurants I have been to. As a truck driver, I have had barbecue from North and South Carolina, to Texas, to St. Louis to Memphis. While Maurice's in Columbia SC remains an all time favorite, Maurice's , being a true South Carolina coastal barbecue , does not have brisket. The brisket at little miss was tender and succulent. Leave your good store bought teeth at home. You won't need them here. I also had the pulled pork, and the sausage. The pulled pork was as good as any I have ever had. The sausage was very tasty. It was peppery, and had a satisfying bite thanks the natural casing they use in making the sausage. At less than five dollars, the sausage was easily the best bargain. My daughter thought the sauce could have used a more ""Smokey"" flavor. I don't know about that. The flavor of the meat stood on its own, and , in my opinion, did not need sauce. I usually don't give the sides much thought, but, apparently, little miss has put quite a lot of thought in to theirs! The cheesy jalapeño grits were very good, not too spicy. Just right. The potato salad was House made and perfect! When you come, be prepared for a long wait. We waited 1 1/2 hours. It was worth every minute!"
"Well worth the wait. Never liked brisket, now I love it. Melt in your mouth.  The smoked pecan pie is amazing. The owners walk throughout the crowd all day and make themselves known. Great homey feeling."
I keep coming back. This place has the best bbq ! Long waits but worth it. Customer service is ok . The food is delicious
"MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOOD! freak i am amazed. 

ok, i LIVE in Texas now, but i used to live in Cali. came here for Dodger Spring training (sorry, but not a fan of the dodgers, ex tried to get me into it) anyway. yea so, I've never been to Franklin's in Austin, but i heard its basically Number 1. well the owner of this place might as well be the Franklin's of Arizona, cause wow, that was one of the BEST briskets I've ever had and the first place I've had beef ribs. 

WOW

 the owner said he learned to smoke in Texas, tells you how authentic it is, and his Wife is from Austin, so it all made perfect sense why it was so good. Its also like Franklin's in the sense that its a first come, first serve and the line starts probably about an hour or two before they open. i would totally go back if i'm ever in town. 

 keep up the awesome smokin!"
"The 5 star rating was well earned and the 1 hour wait to get it was more than worth it. As an aficionado of Carolina style pork BBQ, in my mind it was taking me there. A rare find so far west. But the slaw held me back a bit. You go to Little Miss for the meat; and the fatty brisket is everything you dreamed it could be. It. Was. Excellent."
"OMG this place is amazing!!!! Well worth the hype given on Food Network. Had the Jefe and it was probably the best BBQ sandwich I've ever had... my family members had pulled pork sandwiches and ribs and everyone loved what they had!
I'll definitely be back here again! Thanks Food Network!!!!!"
"This is the best BBQ place I have ever been too...and I have had A LOT of BBQ. I have lived in the south and traveled through the midwest too and nothing touches this IMO. Do yourself a favor a go ASAP.

The food: the brisket is the most flavorful, tender and moist that I have ever had. Their beans and grits are off the hook too. I have had their other meats but keep going back to the brisket because it is the best. 

The staff is friendly and polite. The truly care about making sure you have a great time. Can't say enough good things."
"This place is amazing!!!

We are Texans and we will be back next time we are within 2 hrs of Little Miss BBQ!!  I am picky about my BBQ, 4 out of 5 places in our city I won't go to... it has to be delicious. So glad we went here, it was one of the highlights of our time in Phoenix."
"Okay!  This place is amazing! Great food, tasty sauces, cold bottled Coke and some of the friendliest employees I've ever met.  If you want BBQ, make this a stop for you.  The Jefe Sandwich was a sausage topped with the meat of your choice!  Perfect for lunch! Key thing to know, get there early!! When they sell out of a meat for the day, it's gone.  You'll have to come back the next day to try and get it.  I wanted the Brisket, but by 2pm it was all gone. Another reason for me to come
back again!"
"Rediculous wait... got here at 11 and waited prob close to three hours for us today (Friday). Staff is very friendly and tries to keep the line amused with conversation. 

Absolutely delicious thought! They ran out of fatty brisket and pork ribs but in order of deliciousness: 
1) beef ribs
2) chopped brisket 
3) lean brisket 
4) pulled pork 
 The grits were yummy. Beans ok. Overall best beef ribs I've ever had."
Best BBQ in all of Phoenix. Maybe anywhere. No exaggeration. Try the fatty brisket and you'll see what all the fuss is about. Ribs are great and all the meat is smoked to perfection. All the sides are amazing. There is a long wait most of the time and but the  service is outstanding. Scott and his crew are always so friendly and they deserve all the success they're having. This is not your regular restaurant or BBQ spot this place is something special and if you're a foodie you should put this place at the top of your list to go to.
"2 hours later... still happy we waited. Coming from the Atlanta area I've had my fair share of good BBQ. We arrived ten minutes before 11 and found out that all the newbies have the same strategy. Although it was hot, the staff does an excellent job at making you feel comfortable. There were water stations throughout the line to keep you adequately hydrated with the majority of the line in covered shade with misting machines to keep you nice and cool. The staff also provides foldable chairs and sunscreen.

   While waiting in line, a staff member rounded a few times to provide samples as well as updates to those waiting on what menu items were still available. We reached the counter a little past 1 o'clock and had all menu options still available. We elected to order the two meat platter with brisket and pulled pork which comes with two sides in which we chose the jalapeño grits and ranch style beans. We also added a jalapeño stuffed sausage and a cup of potato salad. This was a perfect sampler for two people.

   What you've all been waiting for... does the food live up to the hype? The brisket literally falls apart and melts in your mouth. The jalapeño sausage has just enough kick. Jalapeño cheese grits are a must. Potato salad has a great bit of dill and not to mayonnaisey. The beans have good chunks of pulled pork in them but were just okay to me. 

   And now the sauces. I judge most BBQ joints on whether the meat actually needs sauce. LMB does not; however, the sauces were a nice compliment to the meat. Table favorite was the spicy sauce which paired perfectly with the pork and brisket. Next in line was the mustard based sauce, which we didn't like individually but tasted great on the pork. Rounding out the three is the house sauce, which is a sweeter tomato based sauce. 

   If I could make a suggestion to those visiting Little Miss BBQ for the first time, arrive early as the initial wait will be much cooler and will result in less total waiting time than arriving minutes before opening. You will not find a friendlier staff truly blown away by the customer service provided."
"Holy crap the line was long... but holy crap the wait was absolutely worth it!!! 

Us idiosyncratic. Best BBQ in Arizona. Boom."
"Carpool with your group, because the parking lot is very challenging, and come early if you are a hard-core fatty brisket fan because when it's gone, it's gone! But if you LOVE great BBQ, come here. We tried about all the meats and they're done to perfection (OK, the goat was not as good as I hoped - everything else...fabulous. I'm drooling just remembering it.) The cheesy grits are indeed to die for. Friendly service, too."
First off I wanna say Wow! This place was amazing! We had the brisket pulled pork sausage Turkey and it was all fantastic! Tasted so good it makes you wanna slap your mamma! The spicy sauce was tasty Cole slaw and beans we're great. Wish we got there sooner we came around 2pm and they we're basically all out of food. Besides that tho this place is a spectacular BBQ stop! Going to spread the word on this one!
"After reading all of the positive reviews, I really expected more. I really wanted to love this place, but the food is average at best. I had a two meat plate (moist brisket and pulled pork) with beans and slaw. Considering that this is ""central Texas style,"" I wanted the brisket to be the star of the show. The problem was that nothing on my plate was the star of anything. The brisket was nothing special. It tasted like fatty roast beef. I know that brisket is supposed to have that strong beef flavor, but it shouldn't remind you of deli meat, which is what I tasted.  In my opinion both Rudy's and Texas BBQ House have much better brisket than does Little Miss BBQ. 

The pulled pork was worse than the brisket. It was completely bland. There was no smoke flavor to it, and the pork flavor was virtually nonexistent. I'm not exactly sure how pork lacks pork flavor, but there was absolutely nothing memorable about this piece of meat.

The sides were okay. Slaw is slaw, and the beans were unusual but good. However, the selection of beverages was somewhat annoying: They didn't have any freshly brewed iced tea (sweet or unsweetened). Fresh iced tea goes hand-in-hand with BBQ. It's dang-near sacrilege to serve bottled iced tea at a BBQ place.

Maybe I should return and try some different things on the menu. The ribs looked pretty good. But, after my experience today, I'm reluctant to return. That's not to say the food here is complete crap. Little Miss BBQ is certainly better than somewhere like Famous Dave's, but it certainly doesn't live up to the hype or the praises of the Yelp community."
"My husband has been raving about this place all week! We live on the east side of the valley so we had to wait until the weekend to come here as a family. Little Miss BBQ is easily the most delicious BBQ I've ever eaten!!! We got two 2-meat plates with brisket and pulled pork. For the sides, potato salad, beans, cole slaw, and jalapeño and cheese grits. Every part of the meal was delectable, not to mention the insanely friendly people working there!!! We will be back as often as possible, even though its a 30 minute drive!"
We went here on Saturday around 1PM in February. Line wasn't long but there wasn't much left on the menu. We ordered the 2-meat platter (chicken and sausage) with potato salad and coleslaw. We haven't had the chance to go back and try other things.
"O M G. I do not posses the proper vocabulary to describe the food here. It is amazing and worth the wait in line. We arrived about 2 hrs before they opened and there was all ready a decent line out front. All in all we probably spent a total of 2 and a half maybe 3 hours in line before we got to the front to place our order. But lord was it worth it ! During our time in line they provided water and food samples, during the hotter days they provide water misters to help stay cool. Once at the front of the line, we ordered a little bit of everything, and I can say the bbq is on point ! They even smoke pecan pie, which was very tasty as well. Seating is kinda limited, but we were able to find a spot to sit and enjoy our bbq bounty. All I can say is the tast time I had bbq this good was in Texas, and I am super happy to have little miss bbq close to our home."
The best barbecue hands down!  We flew in from San Francisco just for this barbecue and it was well worth it!  We even met the owner who could not have been nicer!  Such a fun experience and we cannot wait to come back!!
Ditto.  To what ever anybody else said..big tip.  Get here  early.  1/2 pm too late to grab good brisket and on Thursdays sell out of pastrami by noon..
"You've read the reviews, so now you ask yourself if it's worth checking this place out. If you like BBQ, I would highly recommend that you do. I've never had brisket or pastrami this moist and flavorful anywhere else in my life. I have only come one time, but we arrived at 10:30, and the parking lot filled up shortly after that. The owner's father does a great job serving as ambassador for the restaurant. He will direct you to parking spots, offer you cold water, and make you feel like a valued customer. On our visit, we did indeed have to wait an hour in line to get our food (see prior comment that we arrived at 10:30) but the food was worth the wait. There is a small amount of indoor seating, and a couple of picnic benches outside. You will notice however, that perhaps the reason for the long wait in line is because tons of people appear to be the errand mule for their office staffs. These workers (who apparently drew the short straw) wait in line, then order several pounds of meat to take back to work. It really slows the line down, so it would be great if the restaurant could ever create a separate line for those who want to get their food to go. As I sat in the dining area eating my sublime BBQ and listening to Johnny Cash sing ""Personal Jesus"" (by Depeche Mode) I knew I had crossed over into an alternate universe. Try it out! I think you'll love it here."
"Little Miss BBQ has been on my list of must visits for 2018. I'm in town a couple times a year and previously someone had mentioned that this place was amazing. This year was on Yelp's list of 100 restaurants to visit.

I got here a little after lunch time on a random weekday and the wait wasn't bad at all. I've read many reviews where the wait has taken hours so I was prepared to do so. So, the 10-15 minutes I waited wasn't bad compared to what I was expecting.  It was a pretty warm day but they do have misters out spraying mist on people to keep it cool.  I can see how the heat can be punishing on these scorching days.

The restaurant itself isn't too big when you once you get into the actual building you get to the counter and everything is like clockwork care. The menu is posted on the wall behind the counter and they'll cross out the meats they've sold out of throughout the day.  I couldn't decide what to get and after asking for suggestions, I went with the dual meat plate: brisket (mixed with both lean and fatty) and sausage.  It was a great variety of food so I could try the different offerings. 
Also, the pecan pie is a must order. I'm not normally a huge fan of pecan pie but I was very happy that I ordered it. The crust is very flaky and the filling isn't overly sweet or gooey. It was amazing.  The pecan pie here is on my list of favorite desserts.

There is seating inside but there's only a handful of tables available. There are a lot of tables outside behind the smokers. That area is covered so at least there is shade.  There are bbq sauces in bottles outside so I didn't have to go far to try them all. I went with the spicy which wasn't too spicy.  

I'll be sure to stop by the next time I'm in town and also when the line isn't crazy long."
"Best BBQ I've had in AZ! Get there early, I guarantee the line is going to be out of the door. Super friendly staff and fun atmosphere."
Thank you yelp for leading me here.  It was 5 o'clock and closed but they waved me in and said they serve till they run out of food.  I love bbq and this place is the best.
"The best BBQ in AZ!! The whole experience was great. My group of 4 arrived at 10 am (1 hr before opening) and only waited about 10 minutes in line after opening. The line was pretty long by 1030. During the wait, they were kind enough to have water coolers for us and even gave us free samples! 

I ordered the fatty brisket and pork ribs with a side of the cheesy grits and ranch beans. That fatty brisket is amazing and is a must have. Everything else was very tasty as well. The ranch beans were a lot different from what I've had before (usually boring and bland) - Little Miss BBQ's is packed with tons of flavor. I enjoyed all three barbecue sauces as well. Also, get the PECAN PIE! So good! Probably one of the best pies I've eaten. Even if you're full, buy a pie to take home. 

Staff was so friendly and energetic. Constantly checked up on customers to see how they were doing. Overall, this is a fantastic establishment with amazing food!"
"The only place I'll wait in line for an hour to get food. The staff is friendly and vibrant. There's water in the cooler to keep you cool in the heat. The sausage is juicy and full of flavor. The beans and grits are something I dream about, I've taken everyone who comes to visit me here. I've had lots of bbq in my life but Little Miss is by far the BEST I've ever had."
"Was skeptical as this place is highly rated by everybody and after an hour wait in line I was hangry and not wanting to love it.

But the food was absolutely amazing! Loved the brisket and pulled pork best I've had in AZ or really anywhere for that matter. Spoke with the owner who was a real cool guy as well and took time to chat with us even though there was a line down the block.

Pro Tip- Try getting there early on a weekday and order way too much food, you will thank me later!"
"Finally made it for lunch.  As advertised waited in line almost 30 minutes, but also as advertised the best brisket I have ever had in Phoenix. The grits and slaw were also very good. The staff was very nice and made some new friends waiting in line. Will be back for sure."
"AMAZING FOOD!!! And wonderful friendly environment!! We went on a day when Food Network was filming pieces for one of their shows so there was a packed line. Waited almost 2 hours for the food, but it was worth It! The brisket meat just crumbled and the grits and potatoes salad with jalapenos was delicious. The crazy busy cooks and people at the front counter were all super friendly and welcoming and made small talk with us. While waiting in line staff would walk around with samples to try. When we were finally sitting down and eating, the owner even came around to see how everyone was doing and even sat and chatted with us for a bit. DEFINATELY recommend this place to others!!!!!"
"We arrived at 10, just an hour before opening on a Tuesday. It took us about 20 minutes to get our food. The staff here are very friendly. This place is mainly known for the fatty beef brisket. The pork ribs are not very tender and kinda dry. The spicy bbq sauce is very good with all their meat. Their jalepeno cheddar grits are also pretty good since it tasted like mashed potatoes. Definitely stop by here if you're in the Phoenix area! It's not too far from the airport."
Amazing brisket! Get the fatty brisket plate. You'll thank me. The cheesy jalapeño grits are a must get as well.
"Came here for the first time as a friend asked if I would pickup some good BBQ for a get together.  Had been meaning to check this place out and had the time to actually wait in line this morning.  Arrived about an hour and a half before they opened and already 10+ people in lane.  An hour went by and entire lot was full with easily over 50 people waiting.  Nice touch to have water misters going and bottled water.  

Got some brisket, beef ribs, pork ribs, sausages, and all the sides.  At the gathering, the brisket and grits were the most popular and I would order these two items again. Great service and excellent BBQ overall. One thing to keep in mind is that bone for the beef rib is pretty hefty and accounts for about a third of the total weight - based on the price stated for this rib, you're roughly paying around $6-$7 per pound for just the bone.  

Only downside of the experience was the guy behind me swearing every other word for 2 hours, but that's not their fault.  Would come again if placing a takeout order for a group but probably too long a wait for a single serving."
"Be prepared to wait in line! I went here recently on a whim based on the incredible number of reviews, not realizing it was so ""well known."" After waiting in line for an hour and twenty minutes, I sat down with a plate of pulled pork, chopped brisket, ranch baked beans, and cheddar jalapeño grits - delicious! I wanted to try the sliced brisket but they ran out about ten customers before I made it inside. Neat little building and outdoor patio area with amazing food. 

Here are my tips and thoughts:
1. They open at 11am - get there at 10:30, haha
2. The parking lot guy is very nice and helpful and brings water while you wait in line 
3. The smell emitted from the smokers is such a tease while you continue to wait in line
4. The owner (I assume) comes out every 15 min or so and gives the line ""meat updates"" on what they're out of and what they're running low on. 
5. If you get there after 1pm the line will be shorter but they will be running out of meat. The parking lot was closed off to more customers at about 1:45pm when I was leaving."
"Undoubtedly the best BBQ I have ever had. We had to wait an hour and half in line on a Saturday afternoon - but trust me the wait was totally worth it. We tried Brisket, pork ribs & pulled pork and everything was delicious though the ribs were my favorite. Their house sauces were good too, but the meat is cooked so well that you really don't need any sauces on top. From their sides menu, we tried the ranch style bean and they delicious! And oh yea - don't forget to save some room for their  delicious smoked pecan pie! Well the good news is they will soon be opening a second outlet in the valley and hopefully the wait time would reduce. But even with the wait, this place totally a must do for bbq!"
Get there at least 30 min before they open if you want a parking spot otherwise you're going to be waiting in your car until after they open and that person gets their food and pulls out of a parking spot. Food = good. Staff = very nice and friendly. Prices = not cheap lol.
"Hands down the best BBQ in the Phoenix area! The brisket is amazing and you can pick from fatty and lean. The jalapeño grits will keep you coming back. The line is well worth the wait! If you want to get a large order and not wait in line, order the day before and you'll be able to pick it up before they ""open"" to the public, in the AM."
"Little Miss BBQ is worth the wait in that long ass line! The misters make it bearable. The great customer service makes it better as well. The sitting area is a bit crowded, but everyone was in a good mood, so it didn't matter much. The staff sets the tone that strangers can talk to one another, so everyone was pretty open. They ran out of grits by the time I ordered, but the mac & cheese side was really good. The sandwich was tasty and there was extra BBQ sauce at the table. I recommend trying them all. I'd go back again. If the gate is half closed it means they are almost out of food and about to close."
Visited from out of town.  Took uber so I didn't deal with the parking.  Waited in line for 30min.  Got a two meat plate (fatty brisket & ribs with jalapeño grits and beans.  All four were great. By he spicy sauce is really good but the meats are good enough on their own without sauce.  You can tell a lot of love goes into their food.  On top of it all they have awesome service!!!  A must visit.
"This place is Amazing, I was soooo impressed!!! But  for something this good you'll need patience! They open at 11am but if you're not there by 10:30 they may run out of some options before you can even order. We arrived at 10:30, limited parking too. They give you a ticket with a number and you line up in that order to wait to go in. There were already at least 20 in line ahead of us. There is a large covered area for waiting with free water coolers and a nice cold mist spraying to keep you cool on hot days. There is also a stone stacking challenge you can try to win free pie (which I did btw;) we got to place our order right at noon so an hour and a half wait and it once inside it is cafeteria style servicereasonably priced for the period size and a steal for the quality!!!!!!!!!! The fatty brisket is to die for, I can't say enough! The sausage is beef and pork with jalapeño and made in house, everything melts in your mouth. There are four sides to choose from I recommend them all!!!! The grits and beans really stand out!!!!! I could go on and on about the food, the staff and how great they were but I'll just say if you're near here, eat here!!!!! But get there early! And be prepared to wait!!!!"
"I am hesitant to write another glowing review because there is already a 30 minute wait to eat here but the owners and their family were so nice that I feel compelled to spread the word. 

I have eaten at many (many) BBQ joints throughout the US and nothing has come close to the brilliance that is the fatty brisket at Little Miss BBQ. 

The pulled pork was also delicious and the turkey was moist and flavorful. I highly recommend both in addition to the heavenly brisket. 

The only negative I could find is the high prices but you get what you pay for here - absolutely wonderful BBQ!"
"All that I was expecting and more. Very kind and courteous personnel, great customer service and tremendously awesome food! Stood in line for two hours and would do it again in a heart beat. Thank you Little Miss for bringing quality BBQ to the Valley of the Sun!"
"Oh, man...this place is great. Ribs, brisket, beans, grits for me. Phenomenal. And an extremely friendly place as well genuinely interested in you being happy. You will spend some time waiting in line for your food, absolutely worth it."
Found my main bbq place when I come back to Phoenix. Thanks Denny for all of your help!!
"Super long lines so be prepared to wait for at least 2 hours. The food was definitely worth the wait. We ended up getting sliced, and chopped beef brisket, beef rib, the grits, and slaw. Even got a smoked pecan pie to go!"
"Great barbecue. Terrible lines. Okay sides. 
The brisket is some of the best I've had. It's close to some of the best in Texas. The ribs are nearly as good as Texas. The sausage is the real stand out here. It is phenomenal. 
The lines detract from the experience. I arrived at 11 on Saturday and the wait was one hour and 45 minutes."
"Came here on several recommendations. Glad I did. Don't be turned off by the line outside. The 20-25 minute wait is well worth it. I had the Brisket plate with 2 sides. Brisket was fabulous. Melts in your mouth. They make their own bbq sauce which is excellent. Jalapeño cheese grits were awesome, not too spicy. The Cole slaw was also awesome, and I am very picky about cole slaw. When visiting Phoenix, this is a must."
"Magical place where my stomach got great satisfaction, because the food is so delicious. Even need to wait, it is worth it."
"O. M. Geeeee!
First visit Wed. at 3pm, they had just sold out. (NOOOO!!!)
Next day tried again, 2:30pm sold out of everything but the chopped brisket and the turkey. I was lucky to get this as a 2-meat plate, b/c the guy after me cleaned 'em out and that was it. 

Let me just say, again, OMG, that brisket and turkey both blew my mind. I had no idea turkey could be like that! And the chopped brisket? I could eat that all the time anytime. Good heavens! This makes me want to stop cooking and start smoking - ERRYTHANG!

Ok ok ok, now that pecan pie? That little pie, fits just in your hand? HOLYYY! Warmed up with a little whipped cream? Come. On! Just don't even talk about calories here, ok? Just leave that all in the parking lot and let yourself live a little. 

Good luck getting there before they're sold out!  (Me? I'm catching an earlier flight next time. Humph.)"
"Waited in line for over an hour, but it was well worth it! The lean brisket and the beef ribs were outstanding. The jalapeño grits were also delicious. I would definitely come back."
"Hands down this is the best BBQ in AZ!  Come early and be prepared to wait in line.  The wait is completely worth it.  No need to use a knife here, the meat is so tender.  Can't wait to go back!"
"Spectacular BBQ!!!!

First time trying LMB and I have to say I was blown away! The quality of the meats was apparent and the pictures are the proof! The sides were exceptional as well! Loved the grits and potato salad! If your wanting BBQ, I suggest arriving early and expect a little wait, but it's well worth it!!! 

Highly recommended!!"
"We waited in line for 2 1/2 hours.  It was really hot today.  Waiting in line with water mist helped cool us down a little.  I'm glad they water available.   I ordered fatty brisket, ribs, sausage, turkey, pulled pork.  Brisket was good, ribs was too salty for me, turkey and sausage was ok, not the best.  The line moves so slow because there is only one person cutting the meat.

There is no way i would wait here again.  I thought i was already commited around 30 mins in line.  

Not worth the wait for me.  If the wait isn't so long its probably worth a try if you are just visiting like me.  2 1/2 hours is just crazy!!! 

Never again, now that I've tried it."
Great food friendly staff that loves to talk to you while your waiting in line. Was in line for about an hour and it was total worth it. If you are in area this is a must. Get there early they run out of the best meats around noon but all food is still great
"Easily one of the best, if not the best BBQ I've ever had the pleasure of eating. 
My wife and I had a pound of the fatty brisket and some of the pork ribs. Both were excellent. The sides were decent, but the BBQ meat more than made up for the sides not being excellent as well. 

The only caveat is that you probably need to invest around 1 hour in line before you can even get in the door and order."
"I was in town for 3 days on a mom's weekend getaway and this is the *ONLY* place that was worth eating at! I always do tons of research beforehand to plan my trips around food and I would totally recommend this place to anyone who is looking for legit BBQ that's made by some of the nicest people ever. 

Right after my flight landed on Friday around noon, we eagerly got in line and waited for about two hours. There were several friendly employees who kept us company while we were waiting outside and they even passed out some samples of their sausage and fatty brisket!

After lots of time to think it through, I decided to go with the plate of just full on fatty brisket. It was super juicy and tender! It had a beautiful pink smoke ring on it and the guy at the counter even cut out the layer of excess fat for me. Their barbecue sauces are also excellent--my favorite is their mild one and their spicy one has just a bit of heat. I also ordered 3 pounds of fatty brisket to go for my husband (call it a ""thank you gift"" for holding down the fort back home with two kids). I asked one of the employees (Quinton Thompson) if they knew of a place nearby that could sell me some dry ice because I wouldn't be flying out until Monday morning and he immediately offered to just keep it in their freezer! After asking me how we'd be eating it and warming it back up, he even graciously vacuum sealed my 3 pounds of meat in individual one pound size portions (I told him we'd only be eating about a pound at a time) so that I could sous vide (155 degrees for one hour) them at home after defrosting! I was completely floored! How often do you meet such nice people nowadays who are willing to bend over backward for you? They're not even open on Mondays, but they had a super nice guy there in the early morning (Jessie) smoking meat for the next day, who helped me out with my pick-up order and generously packed whatever sauces I wanted in several individual 2 ounce containers so that I could get through the TSA lines without any issues! 

I cannot say enough great things about Little Miss BBQ! Amazing food that's worth standing in line for and the nicest people who clearly love what they do. Thanks for making me so happy! :)))"
"Combine Disneyland lines, an industrial area full of chain link fences, ungodly delicious barbecue, and a whole bunch of happy people (staff and customers), and you have the amazing experience of Little Miss BBQ. On a Saturday we waited for about an hour and a half to get inside during which the turkey and smoked pecan pies sadly were covered up in tape or removed as they sold out. But, it was so worth it in the end for the brisket, pork ribs, cheeses grits and more. Personally, I really love the lean brisket in the house BBQ sauce. Pork ribs were a close contender as well! Being people you love or at least want to talk to for a misty wait, get some meat to go, and enjoy."
"Hands down, some of the best bbq in the country.  Always friendly staff and while the line at times looks intimidating, it is always worth the wait."
"The best brisket this side of the Mississippi, Little Miss BBQ is now rightly considered a state treasure. Scott and family have created something special--something that is certainly worth waiting for.

It is the fatty brisket that is the gold-standard here, but the ribs, pastrami and sausages are also scrumptious. Gave my brother one of their ""gift certificates"" a couple of years ago (which was actually an unburned BBQ log of wood with the amount penned onto it), and he declares (after having cashed it in), that it remains one of the best Xmas presents he ever received. At the same time, he wishes he had kept the log as a souvenir/keepsake.

Along with the Grand Canyon and other natural treasures in the state, there aren't that many national treasures to be found in AZ...LMB is definitely one of them."
This place made me skeptical at first because I just couldn't comprehend that one restaurant could be so highly rated but this place truly deserves the rating it gets I would give this place a 4 star because of the wait time but the food at the end is just so good. This places food was defiantly worth the 1 and a half hour wait.
"Whoa. Best BBQ ever and I mean it. And a whole experience. Everyone chats in line, we got a tour of the smokers.... So cool. The brisket is from the heavens...this is the church of BBQ. Well done guys!"
Believe the hype.  And go at 10:30am or 1:15pm or don't go at all.  Any later and your trip will be for naught.  Werd to your mother.  The beans are key.
"By far the best barbecue in Arizona. The brisket is to die for, the pulled pork is amazing and the beef ribs are so great. I definitely recommend the jalapeño cheesy grits as a side dish. Make sure to arrive early, as they usually run out by 1."
"Well...the search is over.  

After many miles and years of travel...the tastiest bbq in The Valley of the Sun...dare I say...the Southwest? Well, it's here.

I have to say, before I go on...do not plan on going after 1:00pm...you may not get to try it all!  This place is the epitome of Texas style BBQ.  The brisket is smoked to absolute perfection, the sausage is seasoned cooked to that just right ""bite"".  The jalapeno cheese grits...well, just eat them and expect to be craving them in the middle of the night!  

They have pork, ribs, brisket, sausage, turkey, tater salad, BOTTLED COCA COLA...and...what makes it the cream of the crop...SMILES on their faces as they serve up all of this absolute goodness.  

These guys really know what they are doing...no doubt!  The fact that nothing is sauced is what drew me in.  I prefer to sauce my own meat.  (I went there!) and the 3...yes only 3 sauces are ALL delicious! I COMMAND you to try the mustard based sauce...holy amazeballs!  Glorious!

We even got a mini tour of the 850 gallon smoker that they use and got a peek inside of the next day's offerings.  

Let's be honest...I could go on for hours about how amazing this place is.  But I will let you decide for yourself...get back to me!  

Oh...and if you go...tell Travis that Ella sent you.  However, even though my name is pronounced like Ella Fitzgerald's name...say it as in the spanish word ""ella"" (A-ya""  He'll get a kick out of it!) I think??"
"food: brisket and chopped brisket with beans and grits. the slices were a lot tastier than the chopped. it's smoky. i have to hand it to them on the sides. places i have been usually half ass on the sides, but these were top notch. if you dont want the bbq meats for whatever reason. the grits and beans were on point. grits were cheesy with a bit of heat. may be one of my favorites ever. the beans were hearty; not your regular baked beans. ***5/5

service: i was out of luck as the guy in front of me got the last order, but the server was kind enough to let me have whatever was left from the previous order. totally worth it. the server cleaned the tables before i sat. i think the owner dropped by to say hello and check on stuff. good people. there's not that many seats inside, but there were outdoor seats too. ***5/5

value: not bad for a plate. the quality and quantity is just right. is it worth to wait in the heat for it? if im really craving for it. ***4/5"
"Ok this is by far the best BBQ in Phoenix and possibly AZ. I cannot say enough recommend: Brisket, sausage,  pastrami, all sauces, well worth the wait."
"This is an update mostly regarding the price of eating here. But that's at the bottom.
     I finally made another visit. This time a week day after lunch. I was inside in 10 minutes. Faster than a Saturday.The main reason I came back was my boss wanting to take some home for the weekend and try it. He was shocked at the cost.
     I will admit it smells nice when you walk in. I wasn't going to get anything for myself, but I splurged and grabbed some brisket and sausage and beans to go and got ribs and sausage for the boss.
     My views about the quality hasn't changed, though after eating at a few other places, I will say their quality is better than the other two I tried. 
     I did grab 2 Pecan Pies to eat at work and gave one to a co-worker. To be honest, It's the BEST thing on the menu. It was perfect in every way. Wonderful crust, fresh pecans and the custardy stuff under the pecans was so moist and flavorful.
     I had forgotten how much the food is here. I'm sure the rent is cheap compared to a retail area. I'm flabbergasted to think that a pound of ribs is more expensive than a slab anywhere else. And when a slab here weights 2.3 pounds your looking at a slab of ribs that cost more than $40 when you can get them at a better rib place less than 4 miles away for $16. And those are slow smoked in a pit, have more meat and are more tender.
     Before you come here you have to ask these questions. Do I want to eat at a place with Quadruple the wait time, that is Twice as expensive (at least) on all the meats as any other place. With product that is maybe in the top 20 BBQ places in the valley.
     My big question is, who's Rolls Silver Cloud am I paying for?"
"At the time of this review 693 people gave it FIVE STARS. Nuff said, I had to try it out for myself. 
Got there around 1030, already like30 people in line ahead of me and I snagged the last officially painted parking spot. Don't worry... The older gentleman (owners dad) will strategically start directing cars into ad hoc spaces that'll still allow flow of parking to happen once the magic begins. 

Before I even get into the food, let me tell you why this place is succeeding and will continue to succeed in my humble opinion. The Dad is friendly and caring like he's known you since childhood. He offers you water while you wait and helps you park your car, he even gives you a tour of the smoke pits. With such genuine kindness and caring, it's hard not to like this place from the get go.

The food: I overheard a couple guys behind me who sounded like they were regulars and had the inside knowledge so I asked for their advice. They told me to at least get the brisket, the turkey and the pastrami today. So, I did. But I got a sausage too because while waiting in line. They gave us a sample of the sausage and I knew I had to have some more. 

No words necessary. Everything was finger licking good. I was so surprised with the turkey. I was doubtful but the turkey was by far the best turkey I've ever tasted. And of course the other meats were ridiculously good too. I didn't even have to chew my pastrami much. It was so soft and tender and flavorful like a pastrami butter :) 

The super fun, energetic, nice owner asked me what brought me here today and I told him Yelp. To which he responded Yelp is such a difficulty for him. I asked him why and he said it's because he wants to keep that five star rating :) honestly, I don't think he has to worry one bit. He's got a winning product through and through. You all have to try it, its an experience in itself and the reward of the delicious food is phenomenal."
"You WILL wait... But you WILL be happy!!!! The brsiket is oh SOOOO good... And usually most places if you order chopped brisket it's dry.... NOT HERE!! Moist...fatty... Ohhhh YUM!!! Sausage also a home run. 
But let me tell you... Save room for the pecan pie!!! I gained 5 lbs I'm sure!!!! Amazing food... And glad it was we waited in line for a hour!!!!

PS... Happy 49th Anniversary to the ""dad"" of this hardworking crew!!!!"
"This place is awesome!  I think I just had the best brisket of my life and I've had a lot of brisket.  It was soft and juicy.  The place opens at 11am so you better start lining up at like 10am if you want to get some.  We actually sent someone there to wait in line and by 11am it was already a long.  

I highly recommend the brisket.  Did I already say that?!  The pastrami was also very good if you get the fatty one.  You can ask for a mix of fatty and lean.  We also had the pulled pork and that was delicious as well.  The coleslaw and potato salad were equally delicious.  We also ordered the sausage which is on point.  Everything is fresh and so good you'll smack yourself!

I can't wait to come back to Phoenix to get the brisket.  We were not able to get the ribs time around.  It's worth a trip if you are in Phoenix!"
Good eats. I've only been once but their hours make you feel for more. BBQ places out here are horrible. But this one takes the cake.  Great service and fair pricing.
"This place is that dahm good and the reviews are accurate. Now I wished I lived in Arizona or have more TDY there. I happened to be there when they were filming for the Food Network, so lines took longer to get through than normal, but it was worth it."
Best BBQ I have had in Phoenix. The bbq sauces and meats are so delicious that is why it's always busy here. People are waiting in that long line because it's worth it best bbq hands down!!
"DE.LISH.OUS!!! I've been to Little Miss BBQ now. Hands down the best BBQ in Phoenix! The staff is very lively, engaging and friendly. 

The first time, I came here was over a year ago and didn't wait very long. It was almost 3PM so the rush was over but with that said, there was not much left either. 

This time I got there 20 mins before they opened and still waited almost 2 and a half hours. Since it was close to Thanksgiving, a lot of people were off and people were ordering a ton for their gatherings. I don't blame them... I would rather find Little Miss BBQ on my Thanksgiving dinner menu than the traditional turkey. lol

I got a pound of pork ribs, a two meat/two sides (potato salad/cole slaw) and a pecan pie. Everything... EVERYTHING was amazing."
"Seriously, the best BBQ I've had... Ever. This is a hole in the wall bbq place super small but once you park there's a line out of the door. We had the lean brisket and pulled pork with the beans and jalapeño grits... First off I don't even like grits and I ate the whole thing, they weren't spicy at all ... I'm picky about baked beans but these were made to perfection. Last but certainly not least the brisket was like butter and so flavorful and the pulled pork was to die for... If you're in southern Phoenix and you don't stop by.. You're missing out.. Super cute and family owned everyone who worked there was super friendly, you do wait outside but under shade and misters also water bottles are offered because it gets hot out there... The wait is worth it."
"I arrived at 1045a on Saturday and got my food at 1p. Definitely worth the long wait. Save space for the pecan pie. I recommend the two meat plate if you are visiting. On Wednesdays, they serve lamb."
Tried 5 times to come here but didn't have time to wait in line. No line on Modays. :-) Closed. Waited this time. Worth every minute. Brisket melts in your mouth.
"The good and the bad.  About the best BBQ I have had hands down.  But I just don't get the intentional super slow service.   They have monster sized off set smokers that look like they can turn out massive amounts of the most flavorful food. BUT, you have to stand in line outside for days to get in.  And this is in Phoenix which calls itself the Valley of the Sun.  But in reality around this time of year is actually The Surface of the Sun. But we waited.  Turns out the ONE dude who is cutting your meat (could have maybe had 17 doing that job) was chatting up each and every person who had just waited 45 minutes to get in the door.  These interpersonal conversations are great to build your biz but for the love of Jesus it's time to think about your customers getting heat stroke before they even have a chance to try your most delish fatty brisket.  On,y way I'm going back would be a phone order and take out."
"This is serious barbecue! If you haven't tried it, you need to. Just get there early (10:00 am) and wait in line until the place opens. Worth the wait, I promise!"
"If you love BBQ, then Little Miss BBQ should be high up on your to do list when in Phoenix.  Perhaps the number 1 food stop in Phoenix.  This Texas style BBQ is right up there with the best I've ever had.  To my fellow Southern Californian friends, this place puts our ""5 star BBQ joints into 3 star category for sure."" Every bite is a holy sh!t moment.  Tim S. warned me that you are going to have to wait for this place.  Get there before they open he said.  He was correct.  They opened at 11 am, we got in line at 10:35 am.  We were about 20th in line and we didn't get our food until 11:25pm.  This isn't your 1 hour lunch spot, you need to allow 90 minutes minimum.

""I'm not waiting an hour to get my food,"" you say.  Yes you will.  They insure you will by bringing out samples of their smoked sausage.  One bite of their homemade juicy smoked sausage, and you'll be like a junky who was just given some crack rock.  You will wait and wait and wait to get more of it.  If you are in danger of losing your job and need to get back to work, you still won't be able to force yourself to get out of line.  Work and career be damned, after all,  if you wait long enough, you'll be given another taste of that sausage and you will believe there is nothing better on the face of the earth.  But you will be wrong because once you get in the doorway, you'll be given a taste of their brisket.  You won't believe that something like that could exist.  This fatty brisket has smoked so slowly with just the right wood combinations, all coated in dry rub; it's pure genius.  The fat has completely broken down and rendered into the meat, just the way God intended it to be done.  The only other brisket I've had, that has been given such a perfect treatment, is the Pastrami at Katz Deli in NYC.  

I recommend typing your order down on your phone, because when you finally get to the end of that wait and are given a taste of brisket, you'll be like Ralphie not remembering to tell Santa you want the Red Ryder BB Gun.  We got a 2 meat combo of ribs & sausage.  And another 2 meat combo of sliced fatty brisket & pulled pork.  Each came with 2 sides, so we could sample all 4 sides (they only have 4).  Jalapeño cheese grits, beans, potato salad, and coleslaw.  Now normal people stop with that, but I figured I'd order the Jefe Sandwich as an appetizer for us to share.

The Jefe Sandwich is a goodie.  It's a smoked sausage topped with either chopped brisket or pulled pork, sauce, pickles and slaw.  I went with the chopped brisket, but after having their pulled pork - either is awesome.  The sliced pickles really worked on this sandwich for the vinegar flavor and the slaw added some nice crunch to offset all of the sauced brisket and sausage.  5 stars.

Spare ribs - When ordering a combo, you get 2 spare ribs.  They were very meaty and delicious without sauce, or with any of their sauce at the table.  I tried them with the sweet, the spicy, and the mustard version.  And a combo of all 3 works perfectly well.  But really sauce isn't even necessary, so I just dipped here and there and some bites went with no sauce.  Loved the ribs and next time will order a few more of those for sure.  5 stars

Pulled pork - Much care was given to removing the excesses fat from the pulled pork and most likely it was cooked so slowly that there wasn't too much fat left on the butt.  Way too often pulled pork at BBQ joints aren't really smoked long enough, Little Miss has some of the best you'll find.  5 stars

Sliced Brisket - 2 nice thick slices, they offer it fatty or lean.  It's the same brisket, just depends on where they cut it from.  Go with fatty, you ain't dieting here, and they still take out any large chunks of fat before they slice it.  5 stars

Smoked Sausage - I don't usually care about BBQ sausage that much, but Little Miss' sausage is made on premises and the seasonings they are using are awesome as is the smoked flavor of it.  5 stars.  Although here's a tip at $3.50 per link, don't use up one of your combo meats on it, just order a link on the side.

Sides - I loved the jalapeño cheese grits, but get to them quickly as they do get pretty solid if you don't - 5 stars.  The beans are pinto beans, which usually I hate for BBQ.  I'm a southern baked bean kind of guy.  But here they put so many of the trimmings and shavings of meat into their beans, what's not to like.  4 stars.  The potato salad and coleslaw were just ok for me - 3.5 stars.

So the advice is simple, get there early because when they run out of something, they are out of it for the day.  Don't be in a hurry and you'll enjoy talking to other BBQ lovers in line, the wait will go quicker than you think.  Bring friends and you can knock out their whole menu between you."
"This place had me wondering if it was as good as everyone says it is.  And I can say that yes, it is.  The fatty brisket melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting another bite.  Moist and filling.  The sausage was also good, but I would recommend the brisket if you had to choose one.

I'm usually not a fan of sweets, but the pecan pie is definitely worth a go if you have room for it.  I around 1pm on a weekday and had to wait a little bit, but it was worth it.  It's not in the fanciest part of town or not the type you would take a first date to, but the food is good."
"Yep, it's as good as the reviews say. My first visit so I made my own sampler to take back to the office. 2lbs of pulled pork, 1lb of pork ribs,and 1lb of turkey. Flavor is great, all meat was tender, turkey was moist. Best I've had in 15 years of living in Phoenix, by far!"
"Epically delicious and I hate BBQ. Least favorite type of food. But this, this is something of another world. When my friend made me wait in line for two hours, I thought she and all the other 100 people in line before they're even open were freakin crazy. But holy moly, one taste of that brisket and WOW. But it's not just that, the sausage, the potato salad, the beans. I had no idea that food, let alone BBQ, could taste this good. And that pecan pie. I freaking hate pecan pie and suddenly my favorite pie is the pecan pie from Little Miss. Like what?! 

Lines are long yes, is it worth it? oh heck yes. what's nice is they provide shade, free cold water, misters, and some lawn chairs to help make the wait a little more comfortable. 

Here's the plan, grab a good book, your iPad, phone or whatever, sit and wait in line one afternoon and be prepared to eat something that is insane.  

You're welcome."
"Heard about this place and had to try it when I went to Phoenix. Took 2 friends with and at first they were skeptical.  Told them we were from out of town and they set us up with Ribs, Sausage, Pulled Pork and Brisket...WOW. Makes me want to move down there so I can go back. It is one of the best BBQ places I have been to. Don't let the looks fool you, this place is definitely worth going to if you like (love) BBQ. The folks there are very friendly & helpful!"
"This is THE BEST BBQ joint I've ever been to anywhere...Hands down, no question, not up for discussion. My family and I are big BBQ people & this place is our favorite by a long shot. Friendly service, delicious food & atmosphere are amazing. The gift cards are so unique. They are actual logs for the fire. Make sure you get there early to get the fatty brisket before it's gone. The beef ribs are amazing along with the pork, sausage, sides...literally get anything on the menu and you will not be disappointed. So good... Delicious!"
"It is my friend's birthday and she ordered ribs, pulled pork and brisket here to go here today. I have to say they have to best BBQ food I've ever tasted ever! The meat is so tender that it falls off the bones and the sauce is so sweet and delicious. I couldn't have enough of it. I'll definitely come here in person to order their ribs."
Annnnnnd this place is the Bomb dot Com.... Best brisket I've ever had and those jalapeño cheese grits were legit. I also tried the smoked pecan pie and was floored by it. Amazing bbq period. Just get there when they open or before... They were sold out of some things by noon.
Simply wow. The brisket is absolutely amazing. Looking forward to another trip back from out east. The only disappointment you may have is that you you'll be craving more.
"I'm not sure if I can add anything that's not already been said, but damn this place is good!!!!! Go early, when they run out they run out, we literally got the last bit of brisket with a long line behind us. Waited in line for ~30 min which was much less than we anticipated. The staff is extremely helpful, the butcher guy was kind and answered all of our questions in vivid detail-explaining the difference between the brisket and chopped brisket. He also gave us a little sample of the brisket which was so sweet! Prompt, extremely friendly customer service along the whole line. The brisket is to die for, enough said. The pulled pork was sooooo juicy and so tender. On a soft, fresh and tasty bun too. Pickles, onions, jalapeños, and white bread available for free with any order. None of the meats needed bbq sauce, but we tried the house sauces on the table and they are incredible. My favorite was the house, so sweet but zesty and just so so good. The beans are excellent and the grits are out of this world. (Side note, grits are not too spicy, just have a little kick but even my sissy palate enjoyed them!) Then to top it off, they sell bottled sodas made in Mexico, the coke with real sugar! As someone who works in the restaurant industry I know how hard it is to have 5 stars and let me say, this place deserves 10 stars. We will return!!! Thank you!!!"
"insider secret: there is a daily meat for certain days. Since there is always a wait, you can order a week ahead or I suggest a larger amount at the counter.  Whatever you order will be good, but it may run out.   only a certain amount is cooked 18 hours ahead of time."
"Ok as an Austinite, it is totally sacrilegious to eat BBQ outside the city limits, let alone out of our Great State of Texas!!! But I was in Phoenix, and had previously seen this place on the Food Network, on Guy Fieri's show I think. I if course had to have The Jefe (BBQ sandwich) and their smoked pecan pie. Both did not disappoint! Their friendliness was just as great as their food! Definitely the best BBQ in Arizona, but not as amazing as Texas BBQ, but then again what is?"
just trying yelp. yelp says to add more details so i am adding some crap.
"This place is literally the best BBQ I've ever had. I had the honor of meeting the owner, he is so kind, personable and makes sure you have the best experience while eating and while in line. He truly cares for the customer and for his business. Money well spent for BBQ platter, they are very filing. I recommend coming not hungry because the line is usually very, very long."
"This place is 100% worth the 5 star rating.  We went on a Saturday at about 11:10.  10 mins after it opened.  The parking lot was full and the line was loooooong. No joke when people recommend to go 30 mins before it opens to line up. The owner's super friendly father was in the parking lot offering water and sunscreen while we waited in the scorching hot sun.  2 hours later we reach the front of the line.  A bite of super juicy and tasty brisket was offered to sample. OMG that sold me right there.  1 lb of beef brisket please!  We also ordered a bit over a lb of beef rib which is basically one large bone.  Beef ribs are only available on Friday and Saturdays.  We added a sausage to our order and was ready to chow down.  

Everything was AMAZING!  There was no sauce on the meat.  You add it yourself at the table which I thought was pretty risky as most places douse their meat in sauce to hide any imperfections like being dry or flavorless.  The meat was very well seasoned and super tender and juicy.  I didn't even realize it was missing sauce until a few bites in I noticed it sitting on the table.  This is legit BBQ. We have sampled BBQ places all across North America and by far the BEST!  Damn I wish I knew how to make brisket like that.  Drooooooool!"
"The customer care and infused flavor through their food is uncanny. Definitely worth the wait although the owner likes to talk with everyone, haha. You can't go wrong with anything you order here, top five places to eat hands down."
"I first want to say that the customer service was excellent!!! The owner was super friendly. Their was a line when we arrived and it was about 1:30pm. So that I as a good sign. I am from Baytown, Texas and wanted to see what kind of BBQ Arizona had to offer. The owner introduced himself as we were in line and offered us a glass of water. He was so friendly. Everyone who worked there was just as friendly. The owner also have us a free pecan pie that was delicious. The bbq was super tender and so delicious. As we were getting ready into our Uber the owner waved Bye to us. Definitely the best food and the best customer service in Tempe, Arizona. Would recommend this place to everyone. You can't go wrong with great customer service and great food."
Had the fatty brisket and sausage and grits and beans.   Fantastic!   Get ready to wait in line.  Ownership is very friendly.  Even got to go on a tour of the smoker
Absolutely worth the wait. The brisket was great but if you're not intimidated by a big bone do the beef ribs. Undeniably the best thing there
"Successful pre-order of 12.5lbs of meat (4# brisket, 4#pork ribs, 3# sausage & 1.5# turkey) plus 3 at sides, pies and all the fixins including plates/utensils. 

Excellent checkout process (after figuring out to check for our name and use the ""Exit"" door, but it probably would've helped them if I parked my rig in the Reserved for Early Order parking spot instead of a reg spot in their lot. 

They walked through each ordered item, boxed up nicely, smooth payment and helped us out to the car. 

But I think they would treat you all the same if you ordered the min 5# or 25+#! Genuine care and they didn't rush. On that note, come in with the right patience and vibes and they will reward you. It took a while to cook their masterpieces, so plan the time and be patient...everyone will be happy. 

The crew we fed swears to the legit spread and it's a culinary battle tested/judgemental panel. 

Shouts outs from the crew definitely hit high notes on the brisket, sausage, ribs and GRITS! Y'all knew that already. 

Turkey was a bit dry and folks had to hit extra sauce and was the only miss today."
"They have the greatest BBQ good! Roth is the coolest cashier and Linc is the baddest greeter, Holmes is the man! I love how sometimes have Glen Fry playing the Top Gun song; into the danger zone! It reminds me of the awesome BBQs in the 90s! I sure miss my dad Harold!!"
"This by far is the best BBQ in the valley of the sun. I remember when this location used to be Dina's, like forever. If you need cooked barbecue meat then you should go no where else but here. If there's a line, stand in it (It's worth the wait). If it's too expensive for you, then hock your wedding ring. I'm telling you this is some good meat. Just go already...."
"How do I describe the experience at  Little Miss BBQ to everyone I come in contact with?  It's like waiting in line for the best ride at an amusement park, and once you step through the door your feet away from the ride, the smell and excitement is immense, and you've already forgotten about the wait, Scott mercifully give tasty bites of heaven to those waiting to order, then you get to order get your sides and checkout. If this is your first time you're probably limited to just sounds and utterances of joy with a big grin on your face. By the time your all done you'd happily do it over and over again.  It's breath takingly  good!!"
"Do you like good BBQ? If so then you certainly have to give this place a try. But if you are in a hurry.... forget it especially at lunch time. You will have a very long wait time but if you don't mind waiting, then go for it!! Awesome tasting BBQ!"
Came all the way from LA to try this place with my boyfriend. And let me tell you.... WOW it is absolutely amazing!!!!! I'm not really big on BBQ but I really wanted to give this place a try and it was worth it all. I had the platter with two meats (lean brisket and pork ribs) with coleslaw and ranch beans and I cleaned my whole plate for the first time. It's so good it's indescribable how amazing this place is until you try it for yourself. The staff is beyond friendly and they treat you like family. Loved my whole experience here and I'll definitely be back!
"This is the place that knocked my previous ""Best BBQ Ever"" out of the top spot. This is the kind of barbecue that makes you dizzy with its tastiness, as if your whole head is vibrating after you take a bite (which the nice guy with glasses will likely hand you when you walk in the door so you can try it). Being the best, there are a few challenges - parking and the waiting line both live up to the expectations addressed in previous reviews, but the staff at Little Miss do everything they can to minimize these issues. If the literal ""line"" has not yet formed and everyone is hanging out at the picnic tables, the last person to arrive will verbally give you a number so you know where to get in line once the line forms. Also, most of the waiting line is covered to protect from sun/rain, and they have complimentary cold water for you to drink to keep cool in the summer (or winter). As for the parking, there are at least 2 staff members outside directing traffic all the way out into the street to coordinate people entering and exiting the lot, and even these guys are friendly and helpful and make you feel like they are doing everything they can to get you inside for their delicious barbecue. (You can also park down the street.) I have tried the fatty brisket, a beef rib straight from The Flintstones, and a sausage, and they were all life-changing. Despite having a potentially long line behind you, the staff inside does a fantastic job of taking their time with your order, chatting with you, and not making you feel rushed even if you are placing orders for 10 of your officemates (no guarantees that the people behind you won't growl a bit when you pull out that list, but at least the staff is still nice to you). Once I came with some friends on a rainy day, and the guy with glasses from inside came out and thanked us all for coming that day and said that he had nightmares that the rain would keep customers away - he cares that much that his customers have a good experience! The downsides are that they are only open 5 days a week and that there are rumors of the popular items running out as the day goes on, but at least you know you are not getting day-old stuff and that it is all made fresh. There's not much more that I can say, except that it is like nothing you have ever had and that it is the best thing you can get for lunch in the valley if you have the time to come here!"
"Heard of this place for a while from Califonia, and finally had the chance to try it out this part Friday (05/27/16) when I was in Phoenix. 

We arrived at Little Miss BBQ at around 1pm, and the line wasn't very long. It was really hot/dry that day. I was really glad we could wait under a large tent where there were continuing misting offered. One server kept handling free iced cold water to the customers waiting in line. My party and I only waited for 30-40mins in total. When we almost got to the the door, they just ran out of the lean and fatty brisket, beef ribs, and pulled pork... However, we were still able to order the rest of the items when it was our turn. We decided to go for the meat by weight after reading all of the reviews, and was very happy for the everything we had. 

Items we got:
Chopped Brisket (1lb) 
Pork Ribs (2 lbs)
2 sausages

Sauces:
Homemade sauce and spicy sauce were both very very delicious!

Food:
Among all of these, my favorite one was the chopped brisket. The meat was cooked perfectly. Very tender and chewy. The meat wasn't greasy at all. Pork ribs and sausages were very tasty as well. 

Seating and atmosphere:
We chose indoor seating after we ordered our food. There were four/five tables inside the little shop. However, there were flies flying around our table. This is the only complain that I had for this place. I hope they could do something about that in the future. I'll keep the five star rating for now because the food was soooo good.
FYI, the servers were all very friendly. At least two of them came by to our table and asked us how was the food. 

Tip:
In addition, when we were trying to leave at around 2:40pm, everything on the menu was sold out except the turkey... So I definitely recommend people to come to this place early! The staff told us the line would be 2 hours long when they open in the morning because everyone wanted to get the fatty brisket (such a pity this time). 

Will come back for sure in the near future."
"Best BBQ ever.  We went on Wednesday.  First in line at 9 a.m.  More than just the best brisket and smoked turkey ever, it was a true experience.  Mike who mans the smokers gave us a little tour and made us feel so welcome.  During the two hours we waited until they opened at 11, he allowed us to come back and see the progress of the smoking progress.  Jimmy passed out samples while we waited.  We ordered the 2 meat plates.  We had lean brisket, fatty brisket( absolutely the best!), turkey and pulled pork.  Can't wait until we come back to Pheonix to have it again!!!  A great experience!!!! A must for anyone who knows anything or loves BBQ!"
"Wow! That was probably the best barbecue I've ever had. I got a sampler with the turkey, sausage and brisket. But while the other two were pretty awesome nothing compared to the brisket. It is a must have!"
"Love it really amazing and customer service is top notch although the food is so good after waiting in line for an hour at 1pm theyve already ran out of brisket and my one of the beef ribs doesn't serve until weekends the two I was craving for :( hopefully they last until 4pm but I can't blame them the chopped brisket, sausage and pork ribs were extraordinary and even so their side dish smoked beans really were yummy! I hope I can get there on time next time so I can try out their specialty. Kudos little miss BBQ will come back for more!"
"Hands down the meatiest, flavoured smoked pork ribs outside of Texas! The rub is unique.
In their previous 'life' they have won BBQ contests & were smoking at the Saturdays Phoenix Public Market now they are in this pristine facility (with spacious outdoor seating) where food is the focus. As you may have gathered 'my thing' is pork ribs although the brisket is excellent as well. I have not tried everything on the menu YET!"
"Hands down - BEST BBQ IN METRO PHOENIX AREA! Expect to wait in a line, definitely worth the wait!"
"The 13th top place to eat in the US did not disappoint even with the hype and long wait! My husband and I ordered the two meat plate and over 3 lbs of brisket, pastrami, and sausage to take  back to SF with us. We arrived at 10am on a Thursday (one hr before they opened) and was 5th group on line. We got our food by 11:30 and finished everything in 15 mins. Absolutely delicious and worth the extra effort and time. Tip from local - they only have pastrami on Thursdays. You're welcome and enjoy!"
"One of the mediocre places to eat , its comfy and offering several dish plates, but need some more to be the best bbq restaurant"
"I'm the 2000th review. Woo hoo.

I'll update this later but right now I just wanted to post that I'm number 2000.

UPDATE: First time eating here.  I had the chopped brisket, beefy ribs, pulled pork sandwich, pecan pie, cole slaw, jalapeño grits. 

The bbq was tender and smoky as all great bbq should be. But the highlight of the meal was their grits and pecan pie.  The grits was creamy, savory, and had a kick at the end. I learned that their pecan pie is placed in their smoker.  Whatever it is they're doing, it's delicious.  Their filling tasted like melted caramel and you can really taste the smokiness in their pecans. 

I went on a Sunday and the wait was 2.5 hours long. I hate waiting but I met some pretty cool people in line that helped pass the time. 

I was disappointed when they were sold out of the fatty brisket within a half hour of opening. Supposedly this is their best cut of meat so I'll have to come back for that next time."
"You know it's good when people are waiting in their cars just to park inside the lot. I came with three other people at approximately 10:10 (this place opens at 11). We were the third party in line. As we get in line, were immediately greeted by the owners father and hands us each a small bottle of water. Such a nice gesture considering it was scorching hot out. I highly recommend getting here before 10:20 because the line just starts piling up.

My family and I tried a majority of the menu. The fatty brisket and beef rib were my favorites. The pulled pork was a little dry, and I wish the sausages were cut into smaller pieces. Great meal regardless. To top it all off, the pecan pie was just amazing. The owner's wife checked up on us and told us it was her grandmothers's recipe. Don't walk out without trying it."
This place is really brilliant especially for those BBQ lovers. I had been waiting for a long line and sit outside but the most important thing was the service so kind and quick. The brisket sandwich was totally astonishing. Make sure to go earlier for quality experience.
"If you are ever in Phoenix, Arizona and you want to experience authentic local BBQ this is your joint.  Bring your appetite, come early at 11 and get in line for some heaven in your mouth.  I've never tasted something so tender with the brisket and made fresh each day until the food runs out."
"WHY?!?!?  do they offer knives when the brisket is SOOoOoO tender it only needs a slight nudge from your  fork to fall into mouth watering chunks of heaven!!!!!
Got here at noon and the fatty brisket was already sold out. Regular brisket was gone by 2p just as we were leaving.  But I got me some, whoot whoot!!! We had the honor of a nice tour of the smoking process by Mr. Denny aka the Dad. Awesome staff and cool vibe! Just make sure you get here before the dreaded orange tape gets placed over your fav meat. (Tape over meat means 'sold out' for the day,,,,bummer). Try the spicy sauce but not before you try that brisket 'au natural'. Mmmmmmmmmm"
"Came here half an hour before the place was opened and there was already a long line waiting. We waited for almost 2 hrs for the food because there were a lot of people bought to go for the Memorial holiday.

We got more than 1lb of fatty brisket and a pastrami's plate came with 2 sides. The brisket was better than any brisket we've tried before. I personally like the pastrami more than the brisket. The pastrami was very moist and soft, it just melted in my mouth. We got baked beans, cole slaw and grits for sides and they were all delicious.

I love that they have cold water outside, shades on top, chairs and sunscreen too. They gave out some sausages samples to try and the sausages were very addictive!

Is it worth 2hrs waiting? I would say yes. If I come back to Phoenix, I would go here again."
"Worth the lines, even during midday in August. No bull BBQ. Loved the jalapeño cheddar grits and the brisket is to die for. Top it off with some of the pecan pie at the end and you won't have a better lunch for weeks. Incredibly friendly staff as well."
"A good bbq place always serves a slice of white bread with the order. This place not only served a piece of bread with the order but also served up some of the most mouth watering brisket and beans I've had! This is a definite must!!!! Don't be steered away by any long line forming outside of the building, it's well worth the wait and there's iced water while you wait."
"There is no doubt that it's good BBQ. Lovely Brisket, good pulled pork and nice sides. The ribs are average. The type you'd find at a bar that doesn't specialize in them. The piece of sausage they let me try was good, but not good enough to come here for.
The real question is, is it worth standing in line for? NO! and differently not in the summer.
Not to say I wouldn't eat the food. I'd just rather go someplace else (there are many), where the food is just as good if not better, with faster service. Waiting inside and better prices. Their price for a rack of ribs is so much, I felt I was paying for someones Porsche or their kids education.
I would wait one more time to try the beef ribs. Good ones are so hard to find and I  think they have the skills to do them right. I hope."
"As a meat smoker myself, I am more times than not disappointed with others BBQ. Today was not one of those times. The staff truly cares about what their doing and you can taste it in their BBQ. The lines are long, but the staff helps pass the time speaking to you as you wait. I had the Jefe with sausage and Brisket topped with coleslaw and a side of their Jalapeño cheese grits. If you have the time enjoy some real smoked BBQ"
DELICIOUS....is all I can say about this place. The bbq was above my expectations and the pecan pie just sealed it all with a big smile on my face. This is definitely a place I plan to come back to and bring all my friends to visit! Oh yeah. The staff is pretty cool too!
"There is a reason this place has over 1200 reviews. Just left and was overly impressed with the customer service. We have been on the road for hours with two dogs and a vintage pull behind trailer. As soon as we pulled in, someone helped us park, washed our dog's water bowl, and turned the mister on for us to sit outside. Multiple employees checked on us while we were eating; the food was amazing! Usually places either have either great food or customer service, Little Miss BBQ has mastered both!"
"There is no question the BBQ is great here.  There is also no question that you will wait in line.  The only thing I can add to previous reviews is how to estimate the length of your wait.

Once you get inside, you've got about five minutes before you have your food.  Add to that about one and a half minutes for each person you see in line outside (or sitting next to the line).  Good luck."
"I've been here at least 5 times but first time leaving a review. I can't add much other than this is the best BBQ in Arizona by far. I love BBQ and have tried as many places as I can find and Little Miss has set the bar for AZ. I've visited Lockhart TX trying Smittey's and Blacks BBQ and Little Miss is just like I remember if not better. The fatty brisket is life changing. The beef ribs, pork ribs, pulled pork, and sausage are outstanding. I could go on and on but simply this place is amazing and well worth the wait. I'm excited they are opening up a place closer to my house!"
Unbeatable!!  Just be prepared to wait and plan ahead.  We did takeout 2 weeks in advance and were last on the list.
"I rushed over here after getting into town. OMG!  There's a reason that this place has 5 stars after almost 2,000 reviews. Loved the chopped brisket and definitely try the SMOKED pecan pie."
"Delicious brisket, ribs, coleslaw and cheesy jalapeño grits. We waited about an hour on a Tuesday. Everyone was very friendly and most had been there before. By 1 they were out of the brisket and sausage. 

2nd visit. Excellent once again. I will come here every time I am in town"
"Driving into the parking lot ... the line looks ominous...it's 110 degrees. But everyone's friendly, there's shade, misters and free water...and everyone says "" It's worth it!"" Well it is... staff are great with senses of humor, brisket is melt-in-your-mouth tender (no knives needed) and flavorful, loved the ranch beans and jalapeño grits as my sides. Took the smoked pecan pie home for later.
A must-stop if you are a BarBQ fan!"
"Obviously, by all the reviews, this place is awesome. I have been lucky enough to try some truly excellent BBQ from across the nation, and I was really surprised that Little Miss lived up to the hype! The key is to go after the lunch rush, just before they close. Yes, you run the risk of not getting exactly what you want, but you don't have to wait in line, and let's face it... everything they have is good... so you aren't really missing out by going later than usual. I find that going around 1:00 pm is good. it may be a 15 min wait, but they often still have both kinds of brisket and plenty of other stuff still available. Definitely check it out if you've been hesitant. Its worth it!"
"The best brisket I've ever had. I recommend this place very highly, if you're a local and you haven't been you're missing out, and if you're not a local its worth a visit to Phoenix just to eat here."
"Wow, amazing stuff! Got in line around 11:30 (the place opens at 11) and waited a solid 45-55 minutes, during which they ran out of pork ribs and we're super low on fatty brisket. In fact, I believe I had among the last of the fatty brisket for the day. Point (pun intended - sorry, lame brisket joke) is, they run out of stuff pretty early so go early!

The brisket was beautifully smoked with a mix of oak and pecan, without being overly smokey. The flat (lean) was still reasonably tender and moist, but the star of the show was definitely the fatty cut from the point. It's trimmed well so you're not eating huge hunks of fat, but it has just enough to keep things super juicy and moist.

This place definitely rivals some of the best I've had in Central Texas! Highly recommended!"
"Plus: Best BBQ in town
Minus: Long line and they run out of food

But definitely worth a try!"
"This place is great.  I visited at 2 in the afternoon, fortunately they still had a little brisket left, and let me tell you it was some of the best I have run into in a while."
Came by twice in the last month and didn't have the time to wait as this place was packed! Finally made it in this afternoon and am so glad we did. The brisket is so tender and has amazing flavor! Grits... Oh my! And can't wait to try the smoked pecan pie!
Absolutely phenomenal meat! Worth every penny and wait. Get there early so you don't wait long or lose out on getting the goods. This is the best bbq I have ever had hands down!
"If they can get people in Phoenix to wait 30 minutes outside for food you know it is something special.
For sure the best Brisket I've ever had. Been dreaming about it. Atmosphere is great/ family run. They give tours of their smoker area so you can see perfection in progress.
Everything was delicious, homemade sausages are friggin goanna kill me they are so good. Can't stress it enough that you must try it.
Support your local business!
Just get there early before they sell out! 
Worth the wait."
"This is simply the best bbq I have ever had!  Absolutely worth the 2 hour wait!  We tried it all, the beef ribs were the favourite and the brisket was a close second.  The sausage was excellent, and you've gotta try the turkey!  I'd tell you to save room for the smoked pecan pie, but it's almost impossible to stop eating this delicious bbq.  So, just take the pie home for later, you won't regret it! 
Amazing!!!"
Good barbecue with a good cut of meat smoked well without too heavy of a chemical taste sides were okay nothing to be desired wait to get in was about 15-20 minutes line is outside definitely not the place to wait during the summer very limited seating inside and out
"Best BBQ by far! Good luck finding a better place! We ordered the chopped brisket,sausage, pork ribs, beans, and coleslaw. The rib meat fell off the bone and was as flavorful as it was moist. The only thing I would get rid of is the bun I the sand which because you don't need it! Our wait was 20 minutes mid-week day. The owner also greeted us personally during our meal! Great food and great service. SO WORTH IT!"
"Best BBQ I've ever had hands down. Shows up local competitors and there's always a line, but it is so worth the wait. I've been spoiled by this restaurant I never want to eat any other BBQ again! Thanks for a good environment and great food! Brisket will melt in your mouth."
"WOW, this is good bbq. I have ate at a lot of bbq joints and this one is hands down the best. Their brisket is amazing. The owner even came by to make sure we were enjoying the food and shared his story how they started and named the business after their dog. Great food and atmosphere."
大鳳凰城地區享譽盛名的店家，燻烤全用原木，週四的Fatty brisket一開店30分鐘內就完售，double meat份量很足，像我自認食量算大也吃得非常飽，搭配上現場的獨家醬料，真的是讓人回味無窮，要不是每次一定得排上一陣子的隊，一定經常光顧。
"Memorable food, memorable waiting experience!

My husband and I headed straight to this restaurant after landing in Phoenix. The restaurant was recommended by a friend who told us to be there by 10:30. We got there at 10:45 on Friday. The parking lot was already full but they gave us a ticket to save our spot in line while we parked across the street. The restaurant opened at 11:00 but the line didn't budge until past 11:45. Once it did start moving, it was extremely slow. We were prepared for a long wait after reading the reviews but not a slow line. Apparently the first few orders are all 20lb orders, which makes the line move slow. It was 12:15 by the time we got to the front of the line... 2.5 hour wait.

Hubby's order:
2 Meat Plate (Brisket + Pulled Pork) w/ Sausage
Cole Slaw & Ranch Style Beans

My order (vegetarian):
Jalapeño Cheddar Grits & Potato Salad

Desserts:
Bekke's Smoked Pecan Pie
Nutella Pumpkin Pie (seasonal)

To quote my husband, ""the brisket was f*cking good"" and so was everything else. The wait was definitely worth it. As a vegetarian, I was only able to enjoy the sides but the Jalapeño Cheddar Grits were amazing and the Potato Salad was also just as delicious. It was fun to watch my husbands face as he devoured the meat on his plate. No doubt incredible, his expressions said it all. 

We had to take the pies to go after such a large meal but when we tried the pies later, oh my. The Smoked Pecan Pie was unforgettable, would go back for that. It was like a creamy salted caramel pie with pecans on top, nothing like I've ever had before. The Nutella Pumpkin Pie was also deliciously spicy, with a hint of Nutella between the crust and the pumpkin filling.

Super charming and lovable place. The unfortunate 1 star off (really just half a star off with the meat samples they pass out while you're in line, free water and sunscreen)... SO good but if want to go here again, how long will we wait next time?"
"We decided to try Little Miss BBQ on a tip from another Yelper whose taste in food is comparable to my own.  It did not disappoint.  We arrived at about 1030 and the cars were beginning to pile in.  There was a line of about 20-25 people once it opened.  The line does move slowly because the owner cuts the meat himself and often gives those waiting in line samples of things they have never tried before.  
We ordered the fatty and lean brisket (both of which melt in your mouth), the sausage, and the pork ribs.  We were going to order the beef ribs which they only have on the weekend, but when the owner cut one for the person in front of us, we realized that none of us had an appetite as huge as one of those ribs!  There were at least 4"" inches thick of meat on those bones!!   The pork rib meat fell right off the bone and was super flavorful and juicy.  The sausage is made in house.  We also ordered the potato salad which is made of chunks of red potato, jalapeno cheddar grits (amazing), and cole slaw.  All were equally amazing.  I especially loved the half liter Mexican Coke bottles that they sell to wash down the BBQ.  The staff is super friendly and accommodating.  You'll want to be in the front of the line though, because there are only about 6 tables in the inside dining room.  It's not fun to eat hot BBQ outside in the AZ summer!"
Great but be prepared to wait. The service is extremely friendly and top notch. The grits blew me away. Who can beat good bbq
"Dear Little Miss BBQ,

I have been dying to try your glorious BBQ ever since you came to the Valley. I grew up in Fort Worth and came to Phoenix 12 years ago. 

So why am I writing a review never having actually eaten there? Because I sadly am violently allergic to tree nuts which you smoke your meat with. Of course that is in no way your fault. 

Is there ANY way you would be willing to make me some no nut smoked meat? I would be forever grateful! Cousins Pit BBQ was glorious in Ft Worth and I have yet to have good BBQ here . Dickeys, I'm sorry to say , is terrible with both taste, consistency of quality, and the staff is often rude. even I make better BBQ than they do and that's saying A LOT. Help me Obi Wan Little Miss BBQ; your my only hope!"
Having a business located across the street makes me thankful for the long lines. Otherwise I'd be porking out on this stuff everyday except monday when they're closed. Everything is top notch here and it is well worth the wait!
"WOW! I mean. BBQ coma glory! How did you make the meat seasonings unforgettable, delicious and salivations uncontrollable. Bites so soft and tender like wet wonder bread but still chewy and has consistency. It's more than BBQ, it's a lab of mad science and gastrointestinal wizardry! Warm staff as well. It's quality that won't give into mass quantity production loss. I don't want to review because I don't want to share but this place deserves it. Make time to have a safe BBQ coma before or after your drive home. Amen"
"I love love every single thing on their menu beside their turkey. This is easily the BEST BBQ place in Arizona. Honestly my wife and I can never go to another BBQ without comparing it to Little Miss. I remembered going to LIttle Miss for the first time and being intimidated by their price tag, but as soon as I ate their fatty brisket along side their homemade BBQ sauce it melted away the price tag. The staff are some of the nicest people I have talked to and they all genuinely seem to love their job. 

The only thing I recommend is make sure you go an hour before opening because their parking lot is not the biggest and usually gets full pretty fast. If you have a group of friend make sure you order a week in advance to avoid waiting in line! 

I endorse everything on their menu beside their turkey which I am not a fan of."
"Little Miss BBQ is in a weird location. It's close to what looks like industrial junk yards and there are a few seedy strip clubs. But get over it and go get some BBQ because this place is serving up some serious meat!

It's a small place and the counter is right there when you walk in the door so don't be surprised if you see what looks like a line out the door. There are tables out back so there's actually a decent amount of room for dining in despite the small building. 

I walked in and the owner hands me a chunk of brisket. Fatty, juicy, meaty, yummy. Sold. I ordered the brisket. For sides - cheddar jalapeno grits and beans.

The meat is by far the star of the show here. This was some of the best brisket I've ever had. The bark on the brisket is smoky perfection and the inside is so juicy and flavorful, you really don't even need sauce. That said, their sauce is really good. It's more sweet than spice, although they do have a spicy option if that's your thing.  
The grits were good too, could have used a little more cheddar and it would be nice to have an option without jalapenos.
The beans were a disappointment. I really didn't like the flavor. Just not my thing I guess. If they could get some better sides and some dessert this place would be even more awesome.

We ended up talking to the owners for a little after our meal. Super nice people. I love it when local businesses have good stuff and the people behind it are good as well. I will definitely be returning to Little Miss."
"Hands down, the best BBQ joint in town. Seriously, if you go there, it will ruin every other BBQ place here. The only other places that I think would compare are real TX BBQ joints in Austin, Dallas, etc. Highly recommend it, definitelly worth the line and the wait time."
"I have never reviewed any restaurant on Yelp before but after eating here I just had too. Little Miss BBQ is hands down the best BBQ in AZ. I have to say it is pricey but after you taste the food you will not care! The brisket, a pork ribs are AWSOME! All three sauces are incredible! The mustard sauce is my favorite. Add it to the pulled pork sandwich and you won't be disappointed.... You must get there earlier they will run out of most items by the end of lunch."
"Stopped in for a quick sandwich.  Live the authentic look and hole-in-the-wall feel.

I had the Jefe sandwich which was good.  I should have grabbed some jalapeños.  I think they would make it perfect.  Their spicy sauce is not really hot.  More of a sweet flavor dominates.  But it has a little authority, it just wouldn't kill anyone raised in Kansas.

The sausage is awesome.

I won't miss it next time through town.  I want to try their fatty brisket.

Definitely I will go back. Last time I was in a hurry for lunch.  Next time will be dinner with beers and more time."
"Supposed to be legitimate Texas BBQ. Some say it compares to a Franklins, Pecan lodge, Hard Eight or even a little know joint in Plano happily known as Winners BBQ.

Looking forward to expanding on this post soon. In the meantime I'll just take it from a friend word that is is real Texas BBQ right here in the valley of the sun."
"Will definately come back. The food was amazing, flavorful, tender, juicy a lot more than I exected. No BBQ sauce needed, but they have three to choose from, I tried the house and spicy. The Spicy was more flavorful and not spicy so dont be afraid to give it a try. Nothing wrong with the house BBQ either. Very simple menu and sides but everything is done well. I have nothing but good things to say about Little Miss BBQ, even the desert, Pecan pie which is always too sweet for me was amazing!!!! Definately try this place out, you will not be disappointed. On a side note, come early, get your ticket so you can enjoy your food without too much of a wait."
"This place is seriously as good as it gets!  My parents are in town, so we decided to swing by and pick-up some lunch for all of us.  We were lucky enough to find a parking spot right away and we got in line for the 30 minute wait...honestly not too bad and well worth it in the end!  We had the opportunity to talk to the owner's Dad and he gave us the rundown of the menu items and his personal preferences - such an amazingly nice guy.  The staff also came out and handed out bottled water and sliced sausage - a really nice touch!  When we got to the counter, I ordered the brisket sandwich with a side of jalapeno cheddar grits...oh my goodness, this was the BEST brisket I have ever tasted and that is saying a lot as I lived in Texas for 7 years!  The rest of my party tried brisket sandwiches, a sausage sandwich, potato salad and coleslaw.  Everyone absolutely loved their lunch and cannot wait to go back...again, it is seriously that good!"
Best damn BBQ in AZ! The brisket was awesome. The beef ribs was awesome! The pulled pork was awesome! The sausage was awesome! The sauces were awesome! Can't wait to go back and try the pork ribs!
"Little Miss BBQ is LEGIT Texas BBQ. The Brisket is unlike anything you've ever had unless you frequent the Austin area Meccas like Franklin's, Black's, Mickelthwait's, etc. this is as good if not better. TOTALLY worth the wait; go early and meet people in line; it's fun. (On a Tues, arrvd at 9:50, 2nd in line, hours are 11-4 or until they run out). Must eats: brisket, sausage, beans, grits, pecan pie. Really good: ribs, pulled pork. (Slaw is only for a sandwich, otherwise don't bother) The service is over the top friendly and good. They don't rush you but they are hustling. Allow time for an afternoon food coma. Must nap now. Thanks Little Miss!!"
"What a gem-if you are anywhere nearby and like good BBQ -you've got to try this place.

Located in an industrial area near the airport this place is the picture postcard for a tiny bbq joint.  Expect a line and a wait-note they open at 11 (Tue-Sat only) and close at 4 or whenever they run out of food. So plan for a nice big lunch.

We high-tailed it over directly from the airport after landing and arrived around 12:45 and there was still a line and a helpful employee providing updates (orally) on what was Running out.  Even though their smokers are the size of steam engines, they do run out of food.  The line moved rather slowly (depends on what those ahead are ordering)-maybe 20 minutes for us.

They serve all the classic bbq goodies but brisket is their top seller.  The pulled pork, sausages and smoked turkey were also tempting my taste buds but I opted for the classic brisket sandwich with one side (nice tangy coleslaw). They also have their own sauces-regular, mustard and ""spicy"" (which wasn't TOO spicy-very nice).  The sandwiches were loaded with tender succulent brisket cut by hand to order (hence the wait) and piled high.  Melted in my mouth.  Side dish options include coleslaw (great), beans, grits and potato salad.

There are a few tables inside and a covered patio around back but lots of folks were getting things to go.  There also is a small parking lot and we got a spot without a problem.

A must try for anyone who want great bbq but go early for best selection.

Highly recommended"
"Really, really, really yum.  No doubt about it.  I've eaten bbQ, and this is better then other states. With the exception of one location in Phoenix. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed."
"Have some self respect people. 

Is the food good?  Yes.

Is your time worth anything?  If so, eat elsewhere. You'll wait hours (yes, plural) to eat.  Get here at 9am to order at 11am.  If you're here at 10:30 you'll still be in line at noon. 

I give the business owner credit though. By deliberately serving slowly it pushes the line longer and, as the old saying goes, nothing attracts a crowd like a crowd. Besides, they'll sell their 100 lbs of brisket whether they process everyone quickly or over the course of 4 hours. Why bother hurrying?

A couple of miles away the Texas BBQ house has fantastic BBQ and will serve you in minutes. Have some respect for yourself and realize your time is worth something."
My husband loves BBQ and says it was the best. He waited in line on a Wednesday am for almost 2 hours but says it was worth it. The fatty brisket and ribs were everyone's favorite in our group.
"Best BBQ I have had in Phoenix!  Great hole in the wall place with awesome, friendly owners. The brisket fell apart, the pulled pork and homemade sausage were outstanding and the sauce out of this world. This is a must visit place!"
Best BBQ I've ever had!! Worth the wait in line. Free waters and owner offers samples as you wait. Arrive early so you can try everything because they do run out. Keep DDD away from this hidden gem please......
"WOW What awesome BBQ, by far the best I have eaten. Stop at BBQ places all over the country and this is number one so far. Every thing I have tried, brisket, pulled pork, sausage, Turkey, ribs, beef short ribs has been fantastic. Beans, potato salad, Cole slaw, cheddar jalapeño grits and all three sauces are original, homemade and fantastic. True BBQ connoisseurs must try Lil Miss BBQ."
OMG!!!! literally speechless! No doubt one of the best dishes I've had in my life  and the BEST BBQ I've EVER had!!! The ranch style beans were out of this world. Long wait but well worth it
"The food was amazing, and Denny took us on a tour of the grills. So awesome. The pulled pork, turkey, fatty brisket and beef rib(!!!) were phenomenal. Also loved the various BBQ sauces. Highly recommended."
"Great Experience --  The food was awesome and all the employees seem genuinely passionate about the food and also they all seem very happy to be working there.  I really don't see that very often.  Lately, I have been avoiding using Yelp (I have personally seen they filter reviews) but this place definitely stands out (as the 5 star reviews already indicate).   Great food/vibes here."
Best BBQ place in AZ. If I could recommend any place to anyone that is either visiting or living in AZ I'd recommend this restaurant. That's all you need to know.
"Little Miss BBQ
4301 E University Dr, Phoenix, AZ 85034

I am writing a review for a restaurant called Little Miss BBQ. Overall, Little Miss BBQ has a five-star review on Yelp with a total of 1,845 reviews. This store is selling the BBQ of Central Texas style. They served many several of Southwest BBQ food such as pulled pork, Brisket, Beef Ribs and etc.
 
Starting from the beginning, the line of the queue to the restaurant and the service. People would be willing to wait for hours as they said it is worth it. The restaurant is opened at 11 am, but usually, people have been waiting before 9 to get the tickets in line. The last time I went there, which was last Sunday, I was there at 8:30 am and I am the sixth person in the line. It is ridiculous to me at first why would people be there that early just to get in line at first. At 9 am at the parking lot, the person will handout the ticket to customers who had been queuing. Then I went back home and came back at 11. I heard a lot of people say that they want to be there as early as they can because if you are there late, they will always be sold out of their favorite menu. People in front of me ordered many pounds of the brisket and the ribs, which makes me want to order more as it is worth it, it is that delicious. The taste will stay in your tongue for a long time which makes you want to come back every time even though they have a long line every day. Their service is good and perfect as they work fast and they measure the weight precisely. I was surprised they can prepare an order with more than $100 in just a few minutes and satisfying. They are all friendly and are willing to help you if you have any questions. They do what they can to make your wait time more pleasant, and despite the heat and the crowd, they act like they love their job, where I believe they really love it. For the food, the meats are just exceptional. You can feel the juicy meat in your mouth and the salt that is seasoned in the meat is just perfect. It makes you feel that fatty and juicy meat is a healthy thing to do. The most popular menu in this store is their brisket and their pulled pork. I bought 3 pounds of pulled pork and 5 pounds of the brisket for my family feast, and we had not had enough. We were planning to get another one after our lunch but they were all sold out of the brisket and pulled pork. A recommendation, if you really want to taste the food, be there early to get the ticket and buy a lot of food to bring home with you. I could complain about the wait but I forgot the complaints after I taste the food because it is that good. Best BBQ that I have so far."
"This was our first stop in Phoenix. Really close to the airport. We landed at 930am, got our rental at 10am but were in no rush since it opened at 11am. However, we decided to head there a bit early just because. We got there at 1030am and their parking lot was full and there was already a line wrapping around the restaurant! Crazy! The nice gentleman working the parking lot directed everyone to other parking spots and if they were going to tow our vehicle the staff would let us know.

We waited from 1030am in line, they open at 11am, and we didn't get to order until 1230pm. Basically, a 2 hour wait. However, it was well worth it. Unfortunately, the fatty brisket ran out literally in front of my so I had to settle with Lean Brisket, Beef Ribs and Pork Ribs. I won't say too much about the food as the reviews speak for themselves. This is the BEST BBQ I've had so far in my life. All the meats were seasoned perfectly and everything was fall of the bone.

My only complaints are parking and the wait time, but thats because this place is so good. Definitely worth the wait. The have free waters and ocassionally sausage samples as you wait."
"Tried a little of everything. 

Pork, great flavor, enough smoke, enough juice
Beef, nice crust nice juice, a tad bit too much pepper for me.
Turkey, good but not my thing
Link, hmm...great flavors in here. 
sauces were all great too

Service was awesome, even toured the smoker when I was done. 

I give 4.5 star based on price as it can add up quickly."
"Best BBQ I've ever had, and I've had lots of BBQ.  Brisket is the main attraction (splurge on the fatty brisket) but the pork ribs are amazing too. Super awesome staff too!"
"Best BBQ in Phoenix. I suspect it could also be the best in Arizona and even in the Southwest. I've seen Little Miss BBQ appear on top ten lists for the US. I find it comical that many chains have interior designs with faux outdoor seating as if you are at a picnic by the smokers, when that is actually what the seating is at Little Miss BBQ. The brisket is melt it your mouth tender. You can't go wrong with any of the meat options. I also recommend the beans and grits as sides.  Each trip is an experience. I recommend arriving early before opening time to get the best cuts. I usually arrive at 10:45 AM and wait about half an hour after they open at 11 AM. The first time I came I arrived much later to a really long line and waited two hours, but it was worth it."
Only got the pecan pie. I don't like pecan pie but ate the Little Miss BBQ's version entire pie!!!
"The chopped brisket was fantastic!  The grits were very good as well!  We had a bit of a wait as it's a smaller place, but 100% worth it!  A MUST check out!"
"You cannot go wrong. We stood in line for over an hour with a 10 month old for this BBQ. Here's a hint. Go on Thursday, get there early. Thursday's are the only days they smoke their pastrami and they only make a bit. Don't get scared away from the jalapeño grits they are like heaven on a spoon. The brisket is mouth watering and the turkey is so well prepared you'll wanna slap your Momma! Now go wait in line, get your fix then take a looooong food coma nap afterwards. You won't regret it :)"
"Takeaway: This is damn good BBQ but it's only available for lunch! The baked beans are incredible because they use excess meat trimmings.  I'm sure this place gets packed around noon so come off normal hours if you want less crowd but beware your favorites could be gone.

We stopped by a little after 2p after we were both craving some BBQ.  And as soon as we walked in we knew we hit a gold mine. The place as tons of meat options and you know they are popular because more than half the options were already gone.  We got the pulled pork and brisket with sides of the baked beans, grits and all the standard BBQ fixings: onions, jalepenos, etc.  The meat was incredibly tender and both options we got were solid.  The baked beans were other-worldly; they use the extra trimming off their meat to help flavor their baked beans and they might be the best I've ever had.  They have two BBQ sauce options regular and spicy; their spicy sauce could definitely be hotter so don't be intimidated."
Adding to the social reinforcement.. this is the best BBQ I've had in Phoenix!
Love the brisket and the selection overall. Great food and good prices.
"Our group was quite lucky to stumble upon this place by chance.

We first decided to hit up another BBQ place in the other side of town, but its surroundings felt ghetto and unsafe. After a quick drive by (no pun), we found ourselves in the gold mine of BBQ.

We came at 13:30 on a Thursday and the line was just approximately 10 deep. We had no idea that this place was extremely popular among locals. With no expectations, we tried almost every meat they had on their menu.

Pork ribs: Omg. Wow. Mmmmm. Yum. *heavenly orchestra playing* 5/5

Brisket: moist and flavorful with a good fat to meat ratio. 4.5/5

Turkey: this was quite a surprise. Well seasoned and moist. 4/5

Sausage: smoky and a little spicy. 3/5

Pulled pork: reminiscent of your typical carnitas. I had this with their house spicy sauce and it went from 3/5 to 3.5/5

The people that work here are genuinely friendly and helpful. PHX is definitely lucky to have this institution in their backyard."
"Food is fantastic. You better allow 1-1.5 hours for waiting time. Yet, well worth it."
"This is perhaps the best BBQ place I've been to to date.  Staff were highly personable, even while working in 105 degree heat right next to the smokers.  Free samples of some very excellent sausage were offered to those waiting in line for opening at 11am.  Food was outstanding!  I don't have enough adjectives to describe the superlative, yet simple cuisine.  We'll be back as often as we can!"
"*DID NOT GET THE CHANCE TO EAT HERE* 
I will keep my experience with LMB at 5 stars until I have eaten their food. The reason why I'm taking the time now to review them is because of the amazing customer service.

We swung by the Saturday of Memorial weekend around 1120 and got in the long line. We were immediately hit by the delicious smell of BBQ and greeted by one of the workers with sunblock!!

Definitely not their first rodeo when they have folding chairs, water coolers and sunblock ready for their customers in line. The misting system was on full blast and you could tell the employees were trying to keep their customers comfortable.

One hour later and we gained about 15 ft! Still and hour away from ordering. The employees constantly came out to keep up updated with their food stock. Unfortunately we figured out the meats we wanted would be out by the time we got up to order so we left. 

Think about it: we arrive 20 mins after opening and waited an hour just to be told they were running out of their best sellers. The food must be that good. 

Like stated above, I will keep them at 5 stars because they did their best to update us and keep us comfortable in the mild heat. Now, the next time I come in I will be in line one hour before they open and I will eat their food! If their food is worth the wait I just described then they can keep the 5 stars I'm awarding them now."
"Arrived at 10:45 on a Saturday and there's a line waiting-approximately 1.5 hour wait time. No turning back. We drove into the parking lot where we're redirected by an extremely nice guy to a business across the street to park. Not a big deal. As you drive in and wait you can smell the sweet bbq. The line curves around the seating area and back towards the building and under a canopy. The aquamarine poles provide an estimated wait time and number of people. Neat little thing. Do your best to come early or you'll risk the chance of running out on their fatty brisket and beef short ribs within the first 2 hours of opening. We ordered pecan pie, fatty brisket, and a sausage plate. The pecan pie is delicious. It's glazed with sweetness and nuttiness with a gooey filling and soft and crusty outside. The sides (coleslaw and grits) are okay. Personally, I came for the meat. The sausages are oily and juicy with a tiny kick of spice. But the winner here is the fatty brisket (only because we were too late to try the beef short ribs). Regardless, the brisket is perfect. A layer of fat, layer of lean, and layer of char. You can cut a slice by squeezing it and pressing down with your fork. The fat dissolves immediately when you chew it. Mixed with their bbq sauce - this has got to be one of the best brisket texture I've had. The lean part of the meat is fairly plain in flavor but the charred crust will blow you away with a salty, peppery, and woody taste. And there's just oily juice everywhere. I'd come back to pick up the brisket, sausage, and hopefully the ribs. Definitely a must have if you're here."
"I guess I'll throw in my 2 cents even thought this place clearly doesn't need it!  I believe recognition is due however!  This place is amazing and you cannot go wrong here.  Went here for lunch on a Saturday.  We got there just 25 minutes after they opened and there was a 45 minute line!  You know that's the sign of a great place!  

While waiting in line, we could smell the delicious-ness coming from within, and it just made us way more eager to get in there and stuff ourselves silly!  The owners would come out with water bottles and samples and make small talk with their customers.  Very nice people, you can tell they love what they do, and it shows!

When we finally reached the door, we were handed more samples of what they had to offer, and I wanted it all!  I ordered the brisket sandwich with potato salad and oh my goodness, it did not disappoint.  I would've gladly waited another 30  minutes had I known how great their meat is.

If you are looking for a gem of a BBQ place, look no further.  I love that it is so close to where I live and work and many times when I'm driving to work, I will smell the BBQ that they are cooking up for the day.  Drool-worthy?  You bet."
"The two hour wait in line it's well worth the BEST brisket I've ever had. It's moist and so tender. I was half way through the meal before I realized I didn't have bbq sauce on my meat. When I tried the house bbq sauce I was surprised. I usually don't like other people's sauce but this was a great blend. 

The owners are super friendly and were very accommodating to our group of 15 people. This food is soooooooo good."
"It's all been said before. This place is amazing.

We got there just a few minutes before opening on a Saturday, and we probably waited about an hour. Totally worth it. The brisket was mind blowing - definitely my favorite thing on the plates. The fatty brisket was just slightly more mind blowing than the lean. The pork ribs and sausage were incredible, too. The turkey was great, and would have made me moan with pleasure in any other meal, but it wasn't hard to single it out as the least amazing meat. Absolutely go for it if you're a turkey fiend, but otherwise I'd stick to the rock star red meats.

Holy crap I can't wait to visit Phoenix again and get more of that sweet, sweet brisket..."
"I've eaten there before, took a girlfriend there before her flight, they pretty much ran out of food."
"Easily the best BBQ in Phoenix.  They deserve every 5 star review.  Brisket is good as the best in Texas.  Ribs were excellent.  Just everything about the place.  I would give them $10 just to smell.

Meat by the pound.  One minor quibble.  I like whole ring hot links. But the beans were spectacular.  I was in BBQ coma land for the rest of the afternoon.  Oh, get the pastrami on Thursdays.  It's silly good."
"Folks... This is BBQ. Here's why.  Parking is limited so I had to find parking further down the street, hoping that I wouldn't get towed.  Waited in line almost 2 hours. I'm not from AZ so that heat was scorching.  The chef's dad provided bottles of water from an ice chest and great conversation about the history of the place in between helping cars to park. We made it closer to the doors and got near the water misters installed in the walkway.  They kept the early morning tequila from being a mistake.  The handwritten menu is ruggedly taped to the fence that barricades you from all of the outdoor pits.  The pits are huge propane tanks that look like they will last longer than my life. Finally made it to the entrance.  The place is a cramped but clean shack with a single service line and very little seating. It was perfect.  The line cook gave me a burnt end to sample while I waited. It made me emotional. Ordered the fatty brisket, pork ribs, turkey, sausage and extra white bread. They serve it on butcher paper.  Everything was on point. Moist, well seasoned, good smoke rings, no sauce required. Real BBQ!! Bought a t-shirt and wobbled back to my rental fat and happy. There's no way I'd ever come back to Phoenix and not eat here."
"The hype is real, and it's worth standing in line.

LMB staff are some of the nicest and hard working people you'll meet.

The fatty brisket is world-class, but I've never had a bad meat there. The beans and grits are incredible, and the jalapeno cheese grits aren't too hot.

What else can you write for a place that has over 100 reviews and a 5-star rating!"
"OK, I'm not going to spend time in this review talking about the food because 1) it's amazing and 2) it's the best brisket I've ever eaten. They smoke their brisket for up to 24 hours so you know it's going to be spot-on.  However, I want to review the intangibles.

When I go to an establishment I want to give my money to people who care, people who ""respect the spend.""  When you come to Little Miss BBQ you see that they pay attention to the little things. In the planters outside, where the line forms, you'll see a cooler of water and bottles of sunscreen, just in case you're stuck in the Phoenix sunshine.  They make sure their barbecue sauce bottles are clean, unencumbered by the coagulated goop at the cap. They pass by the tables, even with their skeleton staff, to ensure their guests are cared for.  More importantly, when you approach the counter to place your order, you are greeted with the exuberance and sentiment of a family member.  Now, I've been to this place twice, each time served by different employees, but the ""hey man!"" and ""how you been?"" makes me wonder if this a long lost friend I've forgotten about.  Coming to this place makes me feel better about humanity. These are good people making good food and I'm happy to give them my hard-earned money."
"If you can't wait in line, you probably don't deserve this barbecue.  That's it.

I'm not totally stoked about their sides, but there's a huge upside!  MORE ROOM FOR BBQ!

Thursday, they have pastrami and it is amazing!!!!

Are you in line yet?  No?  That's ok, they are probably already out of meat.  It's that freakin' good!"
Scott and his crew have done it again. Best Brisket and Sausage hands down. Consistent every single time. Fatty Brisket is a must have. Jewel in the desert. Thanks again guys.
"Finally got to try the BBQ last week and I was not disappointed. I had been wanting to try for a while, just never had the opportunity to make it out. This was one of the best I've ever had. Definitely worth the drive! just make sure to hurry they are known to run out!"
"My first and only experience at Little Miss BBQ was a marathon. Full disclosure I've never ran a marathon, but I imagine it would be a lot like going to Little Miss BBQ. Before I start my review hats off to the staff for making the wait comfortable and as convenient as possible. Samples here and there, great system to get people in line, friendly staff to take the order and ring you up. Their hard work shows and made the great food experience even better.

Talking with a guy working the pit they primarily use a pecan wood, but today they were doing Olive and Pecan. They had a balanced rub that had the sugar needed to get a good bark, but wasn't overly spiced where there is just too much going on. The sauces were good, but not great. I'm not a ""sauce makes the bbq"" guy. The sauce doesn't matter if the meat is good. In this case the sauce was good and the meat was excellent. 

We got quite a few items:
Pulled Pork: Really nice the bites with the bark were the best. Really well seasoned and juicy. Paired well with the spicy bbq sauce. Really nice dark pink smoke coloring. Really nice.

The pork ribs: They were pretty good. I think they needed a glaze of sauce or something because they were a little dry. They also had good smoke coloring but a little less rub than the pulled pork. It didn't taste like the same rub, but it could just have been less of it. 

Sausage: It is hands down the best sausage I've ever had. Describing it won't do it justice.

Fatty Brisket: This is the MVP. The money maker. The worth the wait item. The salvage your team's future to get this one guy. The Maserati on the car lot. Great bark from a mild and balanced rub. Beautiful smoke ring. Amazing bark. Super juicy, melt in your mouth meat. 

Sides: Who goes to a BBQ place for sides (My wife does and I judge her for it)? We ended up getting the grits and potato salad. Both were good. But wish I got the beans after finding out at the counter that they use all the meat trimmings to cook the beans. 

Pecan Pie: I don't care for Pie. I've tried a lot of it and I've never gone In for a second or third bite. I'm not confident I've ever eaten an entire slice of pie. This was the best pie I've ever had. The smoked pecan flavor in the crust is one of the more unique things I've ever tasted.

As far as how much to order and is it worth the wait: We got there at 10 and we're number 105. Line formed at 10:30. Opened at 11 and we started eating around noon. By the time we finished at 1:00 PM, they were out of Turkey and fatty brisket. So I'd imagine anyone that got there around 11:30 wouldn't have a full selection. My wife and I got a pork rib plate with two sides (grits/potato salad), 3/4 lb of fatty brisket, 1/2 lb of pulled pork, 1 sausage and a pecan pie. We maybe had 1/3 lb too much food. Spent about $60 after tip which isn't awful for bbq.

Would definitely wait for that food again. Hope to be able to come again next time I'm in Phoenix. 


(Side note: the people standing in line were so friendly and fun it made the experience that much better. While you're waiting make friends it helps the one fly! Thanks to the Lil Miss regulars who helped me order the right things!)"
"First time here and the reviews are true. Great smoked meat. We had the brisket, chopped brisket, pork ribs, turkey and the pecan pie. Wow fall off the bone ribs and a great rub. My wife loved the chopped brisket, great flavor and very moist. If you anticipate the long slow moving lines it's not that bad. The food is the payoff. The entire staff was great. They really seem to enjoy what they do and you can tell. We will be back."
"I don't care for sausage, and I would never order it either. After sampling the sausage at Little Miss I ordered sausage.

Jalapeno grits? They are better than any grits I'd ever had.

yes, the wait is long. We waited an hour. yes, they run out of meat, all BBQ joints do.

This is in the top five BBQ places I've eaten, and I used to live in Texas."
"My goodness. I was so skeptical of this place at first but love at first bite. The place itself was a whole in a wall, you can drive by it and not even notice it. However you want to get there early. They open at 11am but people line up at 9am. Good thing is they have a system in place, the give you tickets as you enter their small parking lot. Once they are open, they'll tell you where to line up according to the number on your tickets. The process on how they take orders is a slow one but you'll understand why once you get in. Though, it was a 2 hour wait, the food lived up to the hype and the cost was $16 bucks per plate but there are more to the menu. Moral of the story. Bomb dot com."
I love the meat from Little Miss Bbq. All the meat is so juicy and tender. It is unreal. However I'm not a big fun of the sides. The sides are a potato salads that seems store bought. The other options are jalapeño grits with are just okay. But everyone comes for the meat. They normally have a two hour wait and run out of meat. My recommendation is to preorder the meat so you don't have to wait. It is worth it.
I love this place!  The bbq is smoky with out being drowned in smoke.  This guy knows what he is doing and his passion for his craft shows in the food he offers.  Wish there were more places like this in town
"My friend said, ""get there early, but be prepared to wait..."".  Ok, I suppose I'll give it a shot.   As I got in line, I notice that the outdoor dining area posts have tape with a time on it...like ""1 hour"", ""50 min"",etc..  As I pondered the meaning of the tape, a guy walked out and handed each of us end-of-line stragglers a slice of beef/pork/jalapeno sausage slices and explained that the time is how much longer we'll have to wait.  Fortunately, the folks in line were great and we all entertained each other.  I texted my friend, ""THIS BETTER BE GOOD!"", Fortunately, he didn't disappoint.  My only negative emotion was that I felt sorry for the women in the white pants, after all this is BBQ...."
Best BBQ in Arizona by far. I go to San Antonio for work often and have frequented many 'top spots' in Austin and the surrounding areas such as la Barbecue and Salt Lick and this place is every bit as good. The brisket was incredibly tender and flavorful and the grits were truly world class. I recommend showing up early (we got there around 9:30) so you can get a good spot in line. Being there early isn't a complete drag either as you can watch process and eat free hot link samples.
Best BBQ I've ever had.  Owners are great people.  Very welcoming and friendly.  5+ stars!!!
"This place was awesome! Was skeptical at first, but I am very glad I gave it a shot. Had the Jefe with jalapeños and spicy bbq sauce and loved it!"
I got the beef brisket and it's the best beef brisket I have ever had. The line is long and moves slow... there's got to be a better way so the line moves quicker.  The staff is really nice and attentive.
"This is by far the best barbecue place in the Valley and probably in the States!!! The food is unbelievably tasty, tender and so yummy no matter what you choose. The only drawback is the wait because locals as well as tourists visit this delicious restaurant and the lines are about 1 to 2 hours, so schedule your trip there knowing what's your arrival time and how long it will be to get to the front of the line.
The meats are all soooo good yet the beans can't be beat and the pecan pie is a must. We only live about a 15 mins drive from Little Miss Barbecue and we have to make sure we arrive way early, like 10:00 a.m. or earlier to get our fix mostly on a Saturday. Even in summer they run out of some items because of the crowds. the lines are there even on e regular business day, not just Saturday! Worth the wait and a tip: get some to go, it reheats well and you can extend the pleasure of your experience."
This is some of the best BBQ I have had. My boyfriend is a picky foodie and he actually loved it. The potato salad and cheesy jalapeno grits top off your meal perfectly.
"Amazing.   The food was incredible and the staff topped off the experience.   We will be back for sure.  The sausage far exceeded expectations.  I loved the chopped brisket and the ribs were fantastic.   Great taste in all the meats and not over smoked.  The only lonely things in the place are the salt and pepper shakers as everything is seasoned perfectly.    

Do yourself a favor and stop by for the best BBQ outside of Texas."
"I saw an article inTravel and Leisure that said Little Miss BBQ was the third best barbecue place in the USA.  I went there and I cannot say that it is not.  The barbecue is excellent and the people are friendly.  I had a good time waiting in line.  The pork ribs, brisket, links, pecan pie, etc. we're worth the wait!  If in town and you have the opportunity you should check out Little Miss BBQ!"
Loved everything here so special. I had the brisket because that was all they had left and it was mouth watering. If I lived closer it would be a regular lunch stop for me!
"If I die 10 years early from coronary artery disease because of the delicious fatty brisket, I'm ok with that."
"Small but friendly and DELICIOUS. Sometimes they hand out samples as you're waiting in line, I was almost full by time I got to order! I ordered the pulled pork and he piled this baby sky high. I got to choose my side-sadly no mac & cheese is available. Awesome little place, amazing food, super fresh, and the staff is wonderful.  

But please make mac & cheese!"
They have the friendliest staff! As a tourist they made us feel like we were absolutely welcome in their beloved city! Unfortunately we were only able to sample the sausages (which were delicious as well) due to them running out of meat. Nonetheless the experience was still 5star and the sides did not disappoint!
"Best BBQ in all of Phoenix (that I've had so far). The wait sucks, but is well worth it. I enjoy visiting with my German Shepherd. They are always accommodating to her and spoil her with sausage samples."
"Best barbecue ever. I have never tasted meat so flavorful so full of mild smoke but not overpowering. The moisture on all of the meat including the turkey was very high. After eating I felt like I was on hallowed ground. The best part was the beef ribs. The outside part of the meat had turned into a meat flavor Red Vine that reminded me of soft beef jerky. The inside near the bone was gelatinous, meaty,  and fall off the bone good. I would highly recommend the beef ribs the fatty or lean brisket (either is amazing), the turkey,  and the sausage. Eating here has made me a very happy man. Barbecue Bucket list done."
"The meats were outstanding and robust with flavor. The line around the building seemed overwhelming, but you know if there's a long line it's usually for good reason. Even though the line was slow moving (probably a 30-45 minutes) patience is rewarded with great BBQ.

I'm from Kansas City, and never had a chance to try Texas style BBQ until my trip to Little Miss. The brisket had great flavor and so did the sausage. I left with a little bit of inspiration for my own smoker back home. 

I also loved the sauces."
Long wait but well worth it!!! Fatty brisket and pastrami are the must get items.  They give you bottle water when you wait.  A+ service
"In 50 states you come here to get Bbq. It is amazing, delicious, savory- moist. Care to every detail. Make time to come here if you like food."
"If you have not  been to Little Miss BBQ yet, you need to drop everything and go now! I am not a BBQ expert by far, but this place has the best BBQ I have ever had in my life! I am partial to the brisket but have had tried several of their other tasty treasures, (still need to get there for the short ribs). The brisket is melt in your mouth tender, ribs have the perfect texture and bit. The sides include cheesy jalapeno grits are creamy and delicious with the right amount of heat. Baked beans, WOW beans have never tasted so good, they add brisket to them! I like the coleslaw but if I'm going to eat BBQ I will choose the grits and beans first. There is a reason this place sells out everyday."
"So good! Some of the best barbecue I've ever had. The line starts at like 9 am, and they do sell out of stuff. We tried their pulled pork, beef ribs, and brisket - all AMAZING. The wait can get long, we were there for hours in line, but it's worth it!"
"You can tell me there is no BBQ better than Little Miss BBQ and I would believe you. Or you can tell me there is better BBQ than little miss bbq and i probably will laugh at you and call you an liar. This is a true example of an 5 star restaurant on yelp and the standards should base off of this restaurant. 

We basically came up with the destination of our road trip to Arizona just for Little Miss BBQ and hoping on finding other interesting things to do. Waiting in line, I was a bit nervous but the crowd in the line assured me that I am in for a treat. And they were right. From service to the warm hospitality and oh my god the food... Let me tell you, I am not well experienced in the BBQ World..  When I tried Lucille's BBQ for the first time I was like ""this is some good bbq"" and when I tried Phil's BBQ I thought it was as good as it can get. While waiting in line the owner Scott was handing out some sample sausages for the customers waiting in line and at first bite.. I knew this place was magical.

We ordered $300 dollars worth of food for the 3 of us, every single meat they offered that day and let me say.. this place.. this place takes it to another level. Juicy, flavorful, smoked to perfection, tender, melt in your mouth, I want more of this right now in my mouth situation at each bite. It is still the topic of our conversation every once in a while we meet up and are still in the process of planning another journey to AZ just so we can go and dine here. You are truly a majestic pit master Scott and it was an honor to be able to talk to you and enjoy your food.

Side note.. 
Get the smoked pecan pies.. like a lot of them for dessert and later.
Oh yeah.. go a bit early so they don't run out of certain meats."
Awesome selection of barbeque.  Great surprise as a take-out for father's day...
"Apart from the long wait, the good was phenomenal. By far the best BBQ I have had in AZ. Will definitely go there again ;)"
"Almost a ""Triple WOW!"" This was my first visit to this establishment. However, somehow on a Friday, which was yesterday, I was nearby and my hungry brain said to me,""You want some bbq!"" I looked on yelp and there it was! It was noon when I arrived, no parking in the main lot but I cheated my way into a parking spot. There was a line. I wondered how long. It turned out to be an hour. I wanted to see if waiting for this long for some Texas Barbeque would be worth such a wait since I had had a mentally taxing morning. Let me spare you the suspense! It was that and some. I ordered a 2 meat platter with a sausage link. It came with 2 sides and some accouterments. Staff was friendly and accommodating from initial order, asking if I wanted meats cuts customized, and asking me about my day, which I must admit, I usually don't get into chit-chat but I wanted to converse with him. Anyway, I named my sides and requested all the accouterments, They did a check and balance on making sure the order was correct and then I paid my bill on what was a IPad like cash register. It was a great first experience for me. There are more details but I will finish by saying I took my order home. Put it in the refrigerator after putting the cole slaw in a separate bowl to keep cold. About 3 hours later, I reheated, and couldn't stop eating!!! I lost control! The deliciousness of the food stayed on my mind for hours. As a former executive chef, who grew up on authentic bbq, this was a home run, a touchdown, and a buzzer beater win for me!"
"I visit Phoenix once a month and I can say nothing really stood out about Arizona in terms of food. So I was on the hunt for the most popular areas and I found Little Miss BBQ. I was super skeptical when I saw that this place was rated 5 stars with well over 1000 reviews. There must have been a mistake or something l.
Once I got to the restaurant at 1030, the line was already forming and the smell of the pecan fire wood got me all hyped. This place must be THAT good then... as we were waiting in line one of the workers came up to us with samples (sausage) and boy I was salivating and couldn't decide whether it was good because I was starving or cause it was that good. 
After waiting an hour, I got inside and the butcher with his veiny forearms asked what I wanted. I ordered 1 lb of fatty brisket,  1/2 lb pork ribs, 1 sausage, and of course the famous pecan pie. 
My girlfriend and I sat down and started to pray to God for our diabetes that is to come after we demolish the food. 
First we take a slice of the fatty brisket and oh Heaven on Earth, the brisket the fell apart in my mouth while no compromising the crispy burnt outer layer. And I reached for a pork rib and as I was picking up my next victim, the juice from the rib dripped over my white bread that they provide. I took a bite and this too fell apart in my mouth while keeping stern on the rib, unlike other ribs. 
But the sausage was whatever and I realized the sausage I had earlier was great because I was hungry. But actually, I was full by this point so it might have been not as great because I was full... 
After a couple burps and cleaning our hands from the meat and what not, it was time for the pie. 
This pecan pie was amazing however a little over priced. My girlfriend however loved it to death and ate like 90% of it.
Overall I can see why this place is rated 5 stars."
"Have heard about this place forever and now that they opened one in Sunnyslooe that was closer to where I live it was time to give it a try.

Came here today (Saturday).  I got there an hour before opening anticipating a long line already but I was #2 in line which was great.  By the time they opened at least 30-40 people were waiting outside.  Once I got my food to go and left probably 50-70 people were in line.

A lot of great people to talk to while waiting for them to open.  The guy in front of me who was first in line was a regular and the original location and gave me some good tips.

Unfortunately just tonight (they said his never happens) the sausage wasn't seasoned like it was supposed to be and it would be another hour for the sausage.  I will have to try that next time.  The brisket and pulled pork are incredible!  Out of the two the brisket is my favorite.  So moist, juicy, can cut it with your fork and LOtS of flavor.  You don't even need the sauce to eat it. 
 
Highly recommend this place!  Get there early.."
On our 2nd visit in two weeks - the staff remembered us with gratitude and generosity not often seen outside a backyard BBQ. Worth a trip from any part of Phoenix.
"The wait to get in was so long, and I'm not from PHX so the heat was rough on me. They had water and a spray while you waited, but you waited. I questioned could it be worth all this? I was assured it would be.
And it was. Such treats await you inside. This was the best BBQ I've ever had and I try BBQ everywhere I go. Let the chef guide you with samples and pick your favorite."
"With my BBQ-loving family visiting me in Arizona, we had to try Little Miss BBQ together. Coming straight from the airport, we arrived a little earlier than opening on a Saturday and the line was insane and the parking lot was packed. 

We had to wait over two hours but water, shade, and free sausage samples were provided during the entire wait. And even though my family wanted to quit and leave, we decided to stick it out and it was absolutely delicious. We ordered 1/2 pound each of pulled pork, pork ribs, and fatty brisket. The meat was so tender, flavorful and smoky without being overly salty. There is limited seating inside, so we sat outside under the shaded picnic tables. I just wish the wait wasn't as long. 

What I recommend:
-- Fatty brisket"
"This place is legit and totally worth the wait! We arrived right before the queue started (10:30am) and waited for almost 2 hours before we could order. The staff is super friendly, allowing you to check out the smokers and handing out samples while you wait. I was hesitant about getting the ""fatty"" brisket because well it's fatty but allow yourself a cheat day. It's unworldly! We're still thinking about it hours later and wished we ordered some to go. We'll definitely stop by next time we visit Phoenix!"
"Worth the wait! Great staff, friendly and accommodating. Brisket melts in your mouth, it's amazing!"
"This place absolutely lived up to the hype. The line was about 50 deep when I go there and it was worth every minute of the wait. Fortunately they still had one fatty brisket left when I finally got to the counter and not only did they hand out samples but the staff was friendly and engaging. I ordered the brisket, pulled pork, ribs, and a sausage. All were moist, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. The jalepeno grits and baked beans complimented thing well and I finished the meal off with one of those great little pecan pies. If you like smoked bbq, this has to be on your list of places to eat in Phoenix. Just make sure you get here early!"
"My boyfriend has been dying to try place. We finally tried it out for our first time and wow! This place has the best smoked bbq!!! We both order different entrees. I ordered their chicken and beef, it was so delicious!!! Like finger licking good! The down side of this place is their long lines so if you are extremely hungry and does not have the patience to wait in line for hours, I would suggest to go somewhere else. But then again, you are going to miss out on some bomb bbq!! Try it out or else your missing out!!!"
Words can not describe the experience of visiting this awesome little BBQ pit. From the super friendly staff to the first class BBQ meats and sides ... lost for words but oh how sweet the memories.
"Best BBQ in the valley, get there early or they run out of food, sometimes.  Love those grits."
Great food!  Smoked turkey heavenly! Chopped brisket heavenly! Best BBQ place in PHOENIX.
"Came here thanks to the yelp top 100 list. Met some buddies out here for spring training and I was in charge of getting food. For 5 guys we got 2 pounds ribs. 2 pounds pork. 2 pounds brisket. Then we got a few sides. Was way more than enough. The brisket was phenomenal. Pork was really really good. And the ribs were great. Not over cooked like a lot of popular bbq joints who need to over sauce everything. I also preordered everything so was able to pick it up in no time. The line outside was very very long and this was 30 minutes prior to opening. Highly recommend doing it this way if you don't care about eating here. The staff was very helpful as well. Sent many reminder emails, got a confirmation call after placing my order, and pickup, they went over everything."
"Wait an hour for great food!

Do you love really good home-cooked barbecue? Are you cool with waiting in line for a really long time? If so you will love Little Miss BBQ. Great flavorful proteins and sides served along with ice cold drinks and a delicious pecan pie. But I think that there is some communist-style food rationing going on because this place opens 11am- 4pm and we arrived just before noon and took our place in line only to be told that some the best brisket (the ""fatty"" brisket) was already sold out. By the time we reach the front of the line the beef ribs had also sold out as had the pulled pork. We had the lean brisket which was not particularly lean by my standards but was incredibly delicious!

Staff here is friendly and engaging and they really enjoy their work despite the heat and the pressure to serve the hungry hordes. They do what they can to make your wait time more pleasant. There are shaded areas where the lengthy line of customers snakes beneath sails and misters. They offer you ice cold water and seats while you stand in line. And they provide updates on what has sold out so you can decide whether to continue lining up."
"I have had great luck with restaurant choices I've made based on yelp reviews and this was no exception. This is the first bbq place I've been to in the last seven years (since I left Kansas City) that I wasn't at all disappointed and I've been to about 20 different ones in that time mostly around chicago, memphis and phoenix. Out of those 20 or so corkys in memphis was the best. Little miss bbq had awesome service, homemade sauces, good sides, awesome meat and I liked the ambiance as well. We got there around 12 on a Saturday and there was a decent line but it moved fast and was well worth the wait. I had the moist brisket (would of gotten the pulled pork and brisket but pork was sold out so I will be back soon to try that) and was impressed. If you like bbq and you're in the Phoenix area go here. At least try it. If you do, I think like my experience today you'll be looking forward to going back."
"Best brisket I've ever had....got there about an hour before they opened, well worth the wait"
"This is the holy grail of BBQ period. Phoenix Arizona you have the best BBQ joint in the whole United state of America and this statement is not an exaggeration because it's coming from a Texas guy....(hate to admit it but it's true)

At first I looked up on yelp where to eat and I found that Little Miss BBQ has solid 5 stars and over 1900 reviews so I'm very skeptical, so I get there an hour before they open which is 10 in the morning I waited in line for 3 hours!!!! I was starting to think if this is not worth it I'm going to burn the whole place down (they're still there)

Atmosphere: (4/5)
* Surrounded by industrial area look like a bus repair shop with very limited parking spots. You can see they have their smoker next to the dining area and free water which is nice

Food: (5/5)
* I've never been able to say ""this is what perfect bbq taste like"" until today! The brisket is heavenly delicious perfect flavor, texture, moisture, and color everything you looked for in a perfect smoked brisket. 3 hours wait for this phenomenal experience is worth it, pork rib is perfectly cooked, pulled pork so moist and flavorful, beef rib is gigantic! And oh the HEAVENLY PECAN PIE!!!! Is to die for.

Staff: (5/5)
* Very lovely people funny kind and positive. I love people of Arizona they are so nice!

Cleanliness: (5/5)
* Despite being a BBQ joint their facility is very clean!

Good hang out spot: You only come here for food and since you have to wait so long in line hanging out is out of the question only enjoying pure goodness!"
"Drove 6 hours to get here, people are great . Good food . Worth the drive!!!! Food runs out quick so get here early."
Great BBQ and worth the wait. Was in Tempe and was told to check it out and loved the food. Great brisket. Amazing grits. Enjoy.
Brisket was very flavorful. They have fantastic grits and baked beans. The potatoes salad is average.
"It's like waiting in line for the best Disneyland ride of your life. 

I think me and my boyfriend stood in line for 2.5 hours (!!!) early in the morning just to eat this for lunch but it was 100% worth. The people working are super charming and keep you entertained throughout the wait and even offer you free water bottles. The seating area also has misters to keep you cool because they know you'll be waiting for THAT long. The meat on the ribs is so tender that it literally falls off the bone. The brisket is so fatty and juicy. We food coma'd so hard after. 
It's been almost a year since we had Little Miss for the first time, but we always talk about coming back to Phoenix JUST for this. We're actually planning that second trip in a few months. I wasn't even a huge bbq fan before this, but Little Miss has made me a total convert."
I've ate barbecue all over the country and little miss barbecue has THE best. I usually go for lean brisket everywhere else but at LMB you have to go for the fatty brisket. It melts in your mouth. They open at 11:00 get there about 10:00 to 10:30 to avoid the crazy line.
"Had to go get my windshield replaced in the area, it was around lunch time so we got on yelp and came across this place it was really close by so we decided to go.  So glad we did! From the moment we stepped out of the car the smell was so deliciously intoxicating, dare I say orgasmic :-) Best bbq I've had in a long time,  everyone there is also very nice they let us sample their different meats all were mouth watering. We will definitely be going back and suggesting this place to our family and friends :-D"
"While the BBQ is probably best in Phoenix area, the experience of getting it is beyond awful.  I arrived a half hour before it opened and the wait was an additional 2 hours.  By the time I got to counter they were already out of several items. Maybe that's tolerable if you're part of the hipster cult that appears to the support the place but it's just BBQ.  There are literally dozens of other better more interesting places in Phoenix area.  If they provided refreshments or snacks or if they passed out numbers so you could do something productive maybe it would be better.  However as it stands now I'm done with this nonsense and I hope you are too.  Their indifference to the customer experience is simply inexcusable."
"Really terrific BBQ experience. I will return every time I'm in Phoenix. I was the first in line. By opening time the line was long. When I entered, the owner handed me a chunk of brisket. WOW! I was hooked. I ordered burnt ends and they were just incredible. Also had some terrific sausage but the brisket is the shining star. I would go back and order 2 lbs of the brisket if I could."
"Ok so the first thing you will ask yourself when you pull in and see the line is...Is this really worth the wait? The answer is hell yes! Never before in my life have I tasted such fabulous bbq! I ordered the fatty brisket and the pulled pork. Every bite was like an explosion of flavor! I never really knew until our visit there yesterday, that meat like this existed. I have watched those bbq shows and thought to myself... I want to try something like that and finally, I have! You can buy meat by the weight or they have a choice of getting a sandwich, or a plate. They have 5 sides- ranch-style beans, cheddar & jalepeno grits, potato salad or coleslaw. I tried the grits and the coleslaw and I loved every bite. They have home-made pecan pie that is truly the best I have ever had. The people are personable and friendly. If you think you have mastered the grill then you must add this place to your bucket list because you will find yourself striving to make your next bbq taste like theirs. I live in La and I told my husband, hey it only takes six hours to drive to Phoenix so I will take you there next weekend. That is just how good this place is...AMAZING! Dress casual and plan on at least an hour wait."
"Oh man, where do I even start! This place is phenomenal!
The food is absolutely outstanding. Every time I go I order the fatty brisket. It is so mouth watering it puts the biggest smile on my face. As a matter a fact, it's so good that when its all gone I can't wait to go back! The place is well kept and clean. The staff is super friendly too! Why can't I give this 10 stars??? Yes, it's that good and highly recommended! 

Oh, did I mention it's REALLY GOOD?
What are you waiting for??? Get in your car and go!!!"
"Wow, what a great place! I have to admit that I was questioning how a place could have over 350 reviews with an average of five stars, but now I get it!

The owners clearly take a ton of pride in their bbq and the quality of their smoked meats is second to none. Cool to have the owners serving you and making sure you have a good experience. You can tell the side dishes are just there because they have to be and the meat is ultimately the star of the show. A bit spendy for lunch ($50 for two of us), but worth it for the quality. Also a long line that doesn't move too quick. But...worth the wait and the price tag.

Brisket: best I've ever had - doesn't need sauce. 
Pulled Pork: Very good. Great with their house bbq sauce. 
Turkey Breast: tender and juicy. Great with the mustard bbq sauce. 
Grits: just ok. Wouldn't recommend. 
Cole Slaw: Decent. 
Beans: pretty good, but not amazing."
"The best BBQ I have ever had. Owners are usually out and engaging the customers while they wait. Oh yeah, get there early. They sell out quickly. Little Miss has the whole package. Great customer service and the best BBQ I've had!  Don't worry about the line. The wait is worth it!!!"
Wow! Hella Good! Came straight here from the airport due to Yelp reviews. I was skeptical coz how often do you see a review with over 2k all 5 stars?! Yelp reviews are legit after eating here. Definitely my first place to go when I come back to Phoenix. Go GS Warriors!
"Over 400 reviews and still five stars, there's a reason. want a true, unbiased, fair, real - person review? Read on.

This was my first trip after hearing about this place several times and had no idea what to expect, except what I heard was incredible barbecue. I pulled into the parking lot to find a parking attendant helping people find a spot. What? At a little barbecue joint in a business part of Phoenix? Then I saw the line. Apparently it wasn't that bad, it was only about 12 people deep. I understand it can get to 50 people deep and over an hour. Fortunately, there was a mist system as we stood outside, some small shade trees and the parking attendant offered me a small bottle of cold water, very, very cool!

People in line had clearly been here before. They talked about ""lamb neck"" and ""fatty brisket"". Apparently the brisket goes quick! Heard a couple guys say they just flew in and came straight here, must be amazing, couldn't wait as I stood beside the large smokers and smelled the food smoking, was a cool experience.  Saw the owner, Scott, who I didn't know, walk by several times and was very talkative and friendly with everyone. My turn to meet him was coming, unbeknownst to me.

I walked in the door and watched the carvers making plates for everyone and they looked amazing! When it was my turn, the carver gave me a small ""burnt end"" of brisket, best I've ever tasted, ever! Now I was excited! They were out of fatty brisket, so I ordered a combination plate with chopped brisket, pork ribs and sausage. Had cheddar jalapeno grits and potato salad on the side with pickles, onions, jalapeno and two slices of white bread. Total with a 15% tip was about $25. Pretty expensive for lunch, but this was enough food to feed a small country and was about to see if it was worth it. I ate outside next to the meat smokers, loved the low key, local feel.  Scott came and talked to me for about five minutes and is a genuinely good hearted, down-to-earth, nice, approachable, friendly human, made the experience even better. The food was really good. I think I may have let the brisket sit too long and get a little dry, of course, it was chopped brisket, not sliced brisket, so that is going to happen, unfortunately.  But how does one person eat 6 pounds (not really) of food that fast :-)  Was most excited about the brisket, but found the pork ribs to be over-the-top fantastic. The grits and potato salad were good, I'd give them 7.5 out of 10. The brisket I'd give 8.5 out of 10. I'm guessing the fatty brisket would have been a 12 out of 10. The pork ribs were a strong nine or 9.5 out of 10, they were delicious!  I wasn't in love with the sausage, although it was incredibly high quality and clearly home made, I'd still give them a strong 7.5 or eight out of 10. The sides were good, nothing outrageous, unusual to find cheddar jalapeno grits, so they get extra points for that.

Overall, I'd say, if you're within a 20 mile radius and you don't have to wait too terribly long, I'd highly recommend stopping in, you will never forget it and I bet you'll find something you like better here then anywhere you've ever had. You absolutely won't go wrong giving Little Miss a try!"
Amazing bbq!  I wasn't going to wait in the long line.....that all changed when I rolled up into the parking lot with the car windows down and caught a whiff of the smoke filled air surrounding the joint!
"OK...it's been 11 months since my first review of Little Miss.  Still. Absolutely. The. BOMB in BBQ.  Pastrami...out the door.  Brisket...simply brilliant.

They just keep nailing it...day in...day out....best BBQ outside of Austin or Lockhart TX"
"Words cannot describe Little Miss BBQ.  Get there before it opens, there will be a small line but I promise that it is completely worth it.  

The smells alone could cause you to give up being a vegetarian.  My wife was a week and a half through a two week juice fast when we met some friends for lunch there (I was intentionally tempting her...I'm a a bad husband sometimes).  One smell and she had to have a taste.  One taste and she ordered a platter.  She was just going to have a few small pieces and then give me the rest.  That is not how it played out though...I was lucky not to lose a finger when I tried to take a piece off her platter.  In the end, she ate all of her platter and half the sausage that I ordered.  I love this place!!!  There is nothing like it in AZ."
Hands down one of the best. Make sure you go early to get your pick because food runs out quick !
"Great BBQ was worth the wait. Spoke to multiple people while in town and surprisingly not a whole lot of people knew of its existence. So hopefully now they have been properly motivated, through my week long of praises. Wasn't that impressed with the sauce but to each their own, nor did I really need it . Looking forward to the next time."
This place is awesome!   Not a full restaurant but the food is outstanding.  If they decide to open a full place I'm sure they would be millionaires!   Keep it up boys.
"GREAT BBQ! I just moved back to AZ from Austin, TX and this is the first BBQ that I have had that can compare to what I have had in Texas. I would say this is on par with ""Franklin"" in Austin which is pretty famous now.

The only negative I can think of is the wait to get in the door. As good as the food was I don't think I will be willing to stand in line when the summer heat arrives.

Very friendly service!!! Give them a try!"
"We were stuck at PHX, famished.  We conned our way onto a parking lot shuttle and walked from there to this majestic oasis of yum.

The folks behind the counter were so friendly and the food is beyond reason amazing.  We're currently listening to Johnny Cash cover John Lennon while the owner checks on the potato salad recipe for us.

I'm telling you.  Little Miss."
"I came from California for a trip and tried it out because of the reviews on yelp. The wait was long, the parking limited, but the food and service was great. It is definitely some of the best bbq I have ever had and I will be sure to come back if I ever find myself in Arizona again."
"Can't beat it.  Staff is super friendly.  I have never had better BBQ.  Today I had the fatty brisket, jalapeno cheddar grits and smoked pecan pie.  Never disappoints.  Only negative is the line, but if the food sucked, that wouldn't be an issue.  I highly recommend trying out Little Miss if you have the time to wait."
"This is the best BBQ in town!  Scott and his family have done an amazing job serving the best Texas style food you will ever eat. The jalapeños cheese grits are amazing and you can't miss the sauces they have too. You have to get there early because the food sells until they run out. If you're looking for a real treat, don't miss this place!"
"Good things come to those who wait. And when it comes to Little Miss BBQ I waited. And waited. And waited. I arrived at Little Miss BBQ at 11:30 on a very warm late September Wednesday morning. In Phoenix, that means it's still hotter than most places in the middle of the day in July. I waited 60 minutes outside in the heat to order my food*. But I probably only needed about 60 seconds to devour it.

The brisket sandwich is fantastic. The jalapeño and cheese grits I ordered as my side are amazing. All three sauces on the tables are so good. I couldn't decide between the house, spicy and the tangy mustard, so instead I just kept alternating between the three by squirting a blast of one before taking a bite.

I have no idea if I would be willing to stand in line in the heat again. But Little Miss BBQ is worth at least allowing your taste buds to experience once in your lifetime. 

*Side note: A good 10 minutes to 15 minutes of that wait was when the line was held up because someone actually fainted and paramedics were called. I can only assume it was from heat exhaustion, because even though there are plenty of water stations and some shade, it really was a long time to be out in the heat."
I had the BBQ chicken with a side salad. The chicken was tender and juicy. There wasn't a lot of fat in the meat which was a bonus. They have several BBQ sauces; all were good but my favorite was the Texas BBQ. The corn bread was too dry for my liking but overall good quick food.
"First time at this BBQ place and it is DELICIOUS!!! Totally worth the wait! This is not tour typical walk in and out joint! It's a complete experience! They have misters outside while you wait in line, ice water, fold up chairs and the staff comes out and interacts with you. Again, it's an experience and then...the food is UNBELIEVABLE!!! Three words: Jalapeño. Cheddar. Grits. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!"
Best brisket you will ever had. The five stars with over 2000 reviews are honest. Other than that I'm just speechless! Touché LMB touché
"Yes, there is a long wait. And yes, it's worth every second. Little Miss is THE best BBQ joint in Phoenix. Hands down. The staff is great and will feed you samples while you wait. Everything on the menu is utterly fantastic. I highly recommend the jalapeno grits and the smoked pecan pie when they have it. Don't go anywhere else for BBQ, just go here, get in line and make some new friends. It's an experience unlike any other."
"My lil bro and I arrived in Phoenix needing some sustenance before a day of drinking beer and watching football. A quick Yelp! consultation revealed that this place was less than a hotel, so off we went. The hype was correct - on a Thursday at lunch time we waited in line for approximately an hour. However, the owner and other employees were chatting with us and others in line, as well as offering bottled water, which was very welcome. After much contemplation, I went with the chopped brisket (they ran out of regular one person in line before us) plate with sides of jalapeño cheddar grits, coleslaw, jalapeños and pickles. I do have to say that I was surprised that I had to add sauce to the brisket to give it flavor. The jalapeño cheddar grits also could have used some seasoning. I loved the coleslaw and pickles. You may be thinking that this doesn't sound like a 5 star review, but just hold on. I got a mini Nutella pumpkin pie to go and OMG it was absolute deliciousness. Also, the ambiance and friendliness of the people who worked there made the experience overall worthy of four stars, although the food itself wasn't everything that I expected."
"Even with a 2 hour wait, this place is worth it. The meats are perfectly smoked, the sides are delicious, and the interaction between the staff and the customers keeps it fun. 

My advice: get there early. Like, 10AM, early. If not, you will easily wait 2+ hours before you eat. 

Tip: Go on Thursdays for the pastrami, make sure you get the sliced brisket, and finish with the pecan pie"
So yummy!! We arrived after landing in Phoenix around 2pm. The line was reasonably short. They were sold out of pork ribs so we tried the beef ribs and brisket. So juicy and tender. No need for any sauces.
"Expect great BBQ, a family atmosphere and long lines. Love the brisket, the pulled pork and the turkey. Love the beans, the coleslaw and the jalapeno cheese grits. Love the smoked pecan pie. I think I'm in the process of listing the entire menu. 

What I like best is the family vibe. The parking attendant? Family. Dining at the picnic tables? Unlikely you'll finish your meal without being greeted by the owner. Looking for grumpy employees? You won't find any.

Don't let the sketchy location scare you away.  Yes, Little Miss BBQ is in an industrial area, but it's very safe. Always plenty of other customers around. The dining room is small, with maybe five tables, but there is shaded exterior seating available. A misting system will be running as the heat requires. And you won't find cleaner restrooms anywhere. In other words, the location is really not sketchy at all.

Enjoy the folks in line."
"This place usually has a long line.  We finally decided to wait because of all the great reviews and it was well worth it.  Everyone was so friendly and everything we tried was AWSOME.  The Brisket and smoked Turkey melted in your mouth.  I'm not a huge fan of baked beans, but theirs will have me coming back every time I'm in town.

Get there early....."
"I had never seen a place with five stars after over 1k reviews, so we had to try it out. We arrived when it opened, and there was already a long line. No matter - happy to wait. We waited an HOUR and the line had only moved ten feet. I'm an engineer so I timed it (I'm a stereotype, I'm sorry...) and it was taking 5-7min A PERSON who was ordering, and there were easily 50 people in line. 5min*50people= approximately never that you will get lunch. This was on a Friday, not a weekend.

There was plenty of seating just empty, because they couldn't process people's orders fast enough to fill up the restaurant, despite a long line outside.

It turns out that people were ordering 5, 10, 20 pounds of meat each. The restaurant loves this, of course, because they make their money by the pound. They could care less what the throughput is if they are making $$$. But if you want lunch, forget it. They need to make another line for people buying wholesale, and one line for people wanting to eat in. Otherwise what you have is a meat market, not a restaurant.

There is no brisket worth a two hour wait, you are just torqued and starving by the time you get there. And they have run out of what you want, to boot. Rework the logistics and we'll come back!"
"Can I just say with being a visitor and wanted to try something different. My family and I only came here because it was recommended. With so many reviews, I gave it a shot! 

When we first arrived at the establishment, the parking lot was packed already! Finding parking is a bit tricky. There was line already, so that should say something? As we waited the wait was long but it's worth the wait! While waiting they do offer water. They even put a menu outside for your convenience. The meat are MADE TO ORDER! So if your wondering why the wait is so long. The owner is so welcoming and comes out with samples to try. 

I got myself the two meat plate. I chose sausage and pulled pork. They will let you know if they are running low or out of a certain type of meant you want to try. By the time you make it to the front to order 
the interior of the establishment is nice. 

I would recommend knowing what you want when your in the front ordering. But I would definitely recommend this place if your not in a hurry. Come early. They do offer seats near the front."
"You can't eat this stuff standing up... your knees will buckle! 

Seriously - sit down first! 

The brisket is life changing, so be sure to try that first. They'll likely hand you a piece when you walk in - be sure to have a taste. Please do yourself a favor and don't get the LEAN brisket. What's the point? That's like ordering decaf coffee. 

I've been here twice, and I think it was even better the second time around. This time we were smart enough to get in line at 10AM instead of waiting until noon. We still had to wait an hour until they opened at 11, but we were eating by 11:05.

This is a must-visit when you're in the Phoenix area. Just remember to get there early!"
I've eaten here several times and although they have a wait and are busy it's always worth it. Super awesome food (really good) and good service. I love this because it's not fake in your face service. I'll be back again and again as I have been satisfied with everything that I have eaten here. Simply done well not over the top trying to be someone else just good bbq
The barbecue is excellent. The service is warm and friendly. I just love their food. The service is efficient. I love their ribs so much and they're pulled pork is great.
"This little gem just opened and we are always on the lookout for new places to go, especially barbecue. Well we tried a couple times before they were officially open and Scott the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. When we came back after their official opening they gave us samples of their award winning brisket. We were hooked. It's a small outfit and it's really simple. In. Out. Full. They smoke everything outside in a smoker using real wood. The smoke rings are ridiculous on their meats. 
Reasonably priced compared to other barbecue joints in the area. This is the best barbecue that I have had. Watch out Barbecue Company."
"The best BBQ in The Valley. Fatty brisket is out of this world! Sausages are excellent, as are all of the sides. Get there early (before they open), or you may not get to pick from all the menu options, as they serve until they run out of food!

Make the drive, you will not be disappointed!"
"Must be one of the best BBQ I have had!

Be prepared to wait a good amount of time, I personally waited nearly 2 hours, but it was worth it!"
"Yummy, gotta wait but worth it. We drove from Seeing on the way back to Tucson. Yelp wants lots of details but it was great. What are you supposed to say."
"So for years I had heard the raving reviews about the quality of this BBQ joint, but never had the time or patience to wait in the line. The hours are limited from late morning to afternoon and I don't live close by, so it seemed visiting would be a challenge on any day. I finally got a lucky break last week when I was already in the area and had some time to kill. Showed up at 11 on a Friday and the wait only ended up being about an hour and a half -- not bad compared to Bianco! 

The staff told all of us waiting in line that they were running low on the pulled pork so it likely wouldn't be around by the time we got to the counter. I wait my turn, get to the counter and find they have ""just enough pulled pork left for one final order."" I ask them about how much ""enough"" is (I don't want to be skimped on PP if I can order a healthy amount of brisket you know what I'm saying?) and the dude slaps a humongous amount on my sandwich and affirms there will be no skimping here. Instantly won my hungry heart over.

I finally walked with my prized lunch to the outdoor seating area and found a place to eat. They have homemade sauces on each table and while I loved all of them, the spicy bbq blend was definitely my favorite. The pulled pork on my sandwich was the most tender and easy to eat variety I've had in my life. The flavor was out of this world and honestly would have been good with or without the added sauce.

Anyone who loves some good, authentic bbq needs to get on down to Little Miss, wait the required time in line, and savor the awesomeness that is their smoked meat! You can thank me later. ;D"
"I am from Memphis and was visiting PHX on a work trip. Had to compare Little Miss to our famous BBQ when I saw the reviews. The brisket was THE best I've ever had, and the sides (beans and jalapeño cheddar grits) were the best sides I've ever had at any bbq joint. Next time I will try the ribs to do a true comparison to what Memphis is known best for. They did look incredible. This is probably my favorite BBQ spot I've ever found (Shh! Don't tell Memphis I said that). To top it off, all of the staff is incredibly fun and friendly. Oh! And don't forget the pecan pie!!! Can't wait to come back!"
Yes all hype is true!!! Indeed get there by 1015 and be prepared to wait in line. Grilled Pecan Pie-what! Sooooo good...however miss me with sides..great authentic bbq...and the owner gives you a sample of the brisket when you get inside.  Hole in the wall indeed. I'll be back
Get the fatty brisket!!! It sucks waiting in line but it's worth it...Everyone there is extremely friendly and helpful
"This place is amazing 5 stars all the way! Got a nice tour of the smoker and how they prepare and cook there food feels good knowing that someone takes so much pride in preparing your food. The service was just as good as the food. Tried a little of everything turkey, pastrami, sausage, and brisket. This will defiantly be on the weekly rotation going forward. Come early as when this meat is gone it is gone. Best BBQ I have had and I lived in Texas the last two years of my life salt lick has nothing on this!"
Thisis was our first time eating at Little Miss BBQ got there an hour prior to opening well worth the wait I would give it 10 Stars the fatty brisket outstanding the samples mouth-watering if you've never been definitely give it a try. You won't be sorry. The pecan pie to die for.
"I arrived just before 11:00 am on a Saturday.  I was in line for about an hour and 25 minutes.  I will say that the wait was worth every minute.  The side of ranch style beans and jalapeno cheddar grits were worth the wait alone.  The meat, though, was pure heaven.  Only to be made better with the house made BBQ sauce.  I had both the fatty brisket and the pulled pork.  While most would say the fatty brisket is the way to go, I think I personally would enjoy the lean brisket more and will go for that next time.  Finally...the Smoked Pecan Pie was some of the best pecan pie I have ever tasted.  If you go, take a cup of coffee, a friend, and some patience...You will be glad that you did!!!"
"Some of the best BBQ I have ever had, and I have had a lot. HUGE lines at lunch. I waited 45 minutes my first time. All the meat there is good. I love the Lamb neck. The Pastrami is the best I ever had. Group sitting outside, very little room inside. You will wait in line for lunch, be advised. 45 - 90 minutes. Part of the experience I suppose. It was worth the wait if you love BBQ."
"While in Scottsdale a few months ago I saw little miss bbq's outstanding reviews on yelp and knew I had to come here.  Unfortunately it was a bit of a drive then and time constraints wouldn't allow us to visit. 

I found myself back in Phoenix last week and was pleasantly surprised that I was staying really close to little miss bbq! We wanted to go when we arrived on Monday but I saw they were closed.  Since working 8-5 it pretty much made it nearly impossible to visit but we got a chance on Thursday afternoon around 2pm. 

When we pulled up there were a few cars.  We walked in and noticed the entire menu was crossed off except for the chopped brisket.  The man behind the counter was super friendly and explained that they only make enough food for their expected sales and while thinking it would be a normal Thursday they were extremely busy which left them with only brisket left.  I was in hopes for some ribs or pulled pork, but figured with the 5 star reviews I'll go ahead and try the brisket.  I just had it plain with a bun and gave my coworker my side.  She went with the beans and the grits and enjoyed both.  The brisket was good but I don't think I'm a brisket person, I prefer pork. Nonetheless I ate my entire sandwich! 

The staff was so friendly.  I'm hoping to make it here next time I'm in Phoenix to try some of the ribs or pulled pork! If it's all gone it has to be good!"
"Character. That's how you define a place like Little Miss BBQ. From the parking lot attendant who showed me the smokers, to the owners who served me food and gave me shit for my DSLR camera (joking), I thoroughly enjoyed my experience there. 

Normally I believe you have to wait 2 hours or so to get served but if you go when it's crazy hot out during the week, short line which was when we went. 

Pulled pork was moist and the brisket was flavorful and cut like butter. You can tell they invested some time and love into food prep. There were also three delicious sauces on each table which were fantastic as well and represented three different styles. The standard BBQ was my fav. 

Can't wait to swing back to PHX again. The ratings were true and the owners I'm sure appreciate it but not even proactively trying to get these reviews. Beautiful things just happen when you mix genuinely good people + quality food."
"I have attended several of the local BBQ festivals in AZ, and to be honest, Little Miss BBQ was the only one that stood out so far above the rest.  I now make the trip to their restaurant every month or so and I have yet to have a bad experience.  As a person who regularly smokes my own meat, I know that sometimes you may get a bad cut or mess up on some small thing, but Little Miss BBQ continues to deliver the best BBQ in town. My advice, get there a little early to avoid the lines and make sure to try the ribs."
"The wait is well worth it! Hands down best BBQ in the state! Service is friendly and informative, Michael will even give you a tour of the Pits, don't sk it p the pecan p in e. I'm only sad I didn't take one to go."
"If only there were infinite stars:...  

I've been made whole through LMBBQ! Who are these people that execute such delicacies. Worth the wait worth the wait! I got brisket sausage ribs and pulled park. My tongue is bleeding from biting it with every bite of food! Why does this taste so good. My taste buds are forever in debt to LMBBQ! My soul thanks you. My body thanks you. Words can't even express the wonders...."
"On our way to Little Miss BBQ, I felt a mixture of excitement and trepidation. I was excited because I have never seen such high acclaim for a restaurant in Phoenix, especially for something like barbecue. However, in the back of my mind, I was a little nervous that it wouldn't live up the hype behind it, and that I would only be let down in the end. I can fully say, though, that was not the case! After arriving about 30 mins before they opened and getting one of the first spots in what would be a very long line, we entered the restaurant and were immediately offered a sample of their fatty brisket. As soon as I tasted it, I was blown away. Never in my life had I had such a flavorful, juicy piece of meat as I did there. We were also offered a sample of their homemade sausage, which also had a wonderful taste. I chose the 2 meat plate, with the brisket and turkey, baked beans, and jalepeno grits, as well as a pecan pie for dessert. The brisket I got was just as amazing as the sample I tried, and the turkey, was surprisingly moist and delicious. I especially enjoyed it slathered in their house barbecue sauce. The beans were and grits were good, but the meat is really what shines here. I can easily say this was the best BBQ that I have ever had. Also, the pecan pie was amazing too. You can really taste the smoke on the pecans, and the crust was perfect. We will definitely be returning here as often as possible!"
"Amazing food, worth to try out and experience. Food is rich in flavor and perfectly seasoned and cooked. Will come again when I get to have the chance."
Food was good but the wait was way too long. There should some type of system to make sure it's made fast. Plus the cashier was rude.
"Best BBQ in town hands down, no contest, enough said! The fatty brisket is my favorite. Their sausage is amazing, sauces are pretty tasty as well.  The guy who runs it is really friendly.  This place is a meant extravaganza."
Not only is this hands down THE BEST BBQ I have ever had but it is also the best customer service I have ever experienced in a restaurant. Seriously folks make sure you you eat here and come early to avoid the long lines (though it's totally worth the wait!)
"Arrived at 10:50am on a Wed. to claim the last parking spot in a lot with ~two dozen spaces.  Waited in a line behind 50 of so others for the next 90 minutes.  They provide two water coolers with plastic cups for hydration along with a few seats under the canopy to help endure the wait.  I got the two meat plate of brisket & sausage with two sides of potato salad & baked beans (with complimentary pickles, onions, jalapeños, and two slices of white bread) & my wife got an order of brisket and cole slaw.  We drink water.  After the gratuity, it came to $30.  We both agreed it was delicious and worth returning for!"
"Came to Phoenix for a volleyball tournament all the way from Hawaii.  My friend is a barbecue fan and this place was high on his list.  Yes, there is a really long wait.  You have to think of it as part of the experience to make it bearable.  Hawaii is hot, but, Arizona heat is something else so be prepared for that.  They do have water available for customers waiting in line.  We got there at 10:20 and they open at 11:00.  A worker did come around with samples of some sausage while we were waiting. We made it in the door around 12:30.  Once I got in the door, I saw that the meat is cut and weighed for each order which may be why the wait is so long.  The fatty brisket was delicious.  I had that with the sausage, ranch style beans and coleslaw.  My hubby got a plate with 3 choices of meat.  You can also get pickles, jalapeños, onions and white bread with your plate.  We also got the pecan pie.  Yummy!  Workers at the counter were friendly.  Parking- We were lucky and found parking right away.  The lot fills up quickly and you may have to find street parking."
Best BBQ in town for sure! Both locations are amazing. Great food & excellent employees. So worth the wait! Yummmm
"Awesome Food
Awesome Experience
Best food I've eaten on this quick vacation to AZ
Pulled Pork is the BEST
They did run out of Brisket
so we weren't happy about that but we know it happens"
"This is hands down the best BBQ in Phoenix! Amazing flavors and fantastic people. My husband and I have been meaning to come here for a while, and we're really sorry we didn't try it sooner!! We had The Jefe sandwich with a side of potato salad (awesome!) and the two meat plate with pork ribs and pulled pork, which comes with two sides. We had the beans and jalapeno grits. It's truly worth waiting in line for a fantastic meal."
"If you're a fan of barbecue with flavor, they're not afraid to season their meat here. Just enough smoke and seasoning for the best flavor of BBQ you've probably ever tasted. Scott knows BBQ and proves it. You have to try this!"
"Came here near the end of the business day on a weekday and got the very last meat they had, which was chopped brisket. Because it was the last bit of meat, the staff gave me an additional side and lower price for the plate. The sides were jalapeno cheddar grits and beans, both good.

The chopped brisket honestly wasn't amazing, it was just pretty good and definitely needed sauce on it. However, the smoked pecan pie was great. 

The reason why I'm giving it 5 stars is that the staff was amazingly friendly and accommodating. It was probably the best treatment I've ever received at a food place. I'll definitely be back earlier in the day to be able to try some other food, and pick up another pecan pie... or 5."
Amazing BBQ! The food was well worth the wait! Fantastic house made sausage and brisket! I will be back at the first opportunity. Free cold water and misters during the wait. The manager continuously checked on those in line and she even let me buy BBQ sauce to go to avoid my waiting in line again!
"I've been here on 3 occasions. All of them have been good experiences, and the only reason I don't come more Is the wait... 30 mins on a slow day and 1hr+ when it's busy.

I have tried most of the meats. I'd recommend brisket and pork ribs for the first time. My favorite sides are the grits and beans.

If you have extra stomach capacity, definitely grab a pecan pie as well. It's very well done.

The people are really nice, and they owner's dad even gave us a tour and history of little miss!"
"They are so deserving of 5 stars...

I have had the Salt Lick BBQ Driftwood TX, Tom's in Gilbert, Can't Stop Smokin' Chandler, Rudy's (Chandler, El Paso, Austin) and many more across the country and I can honestly say that I have NEVER, NEVER, NEVER had a brisket as absolutely delicious as what I had for lunch today.  The cheddar grits are mouthwatering.  I am already planning my next visit.  So glad that my company's office is located a few blocks from this place so I can visit often."
"This place was great. We ordered a variety platter. It's not really on the menu but we told them we were from out of town. The ribs, pulled pork, beans were all great. The coleslaw (was alright). They cook up a batch of food for the day and when its done that's it. So if you get there late , you might only have a limited menu."
"Brisket! It melts in your mouth, with a Smokey, buttery taste.
Ribs! They fall off the bone, wanting to be eaten. It breaks apart when chewed, with a marrow flavour that is brilliant.

I Love this place, and recommend it to any and all meat lovers alike"
"Don't need words to review, just bbq at its best. Always need to be there early or buy as a group to get bulk order made over phone."
"5 stars for the BBQ, which you purchase by the pound. From top to bottom I would rate the brisket (best), beef ribs, pork ribs, turkey, sausage. The meat is all so tender and flavorful with or without the sauces you can add. Only thing that was lacking were the sides. Ordered them all but they lacked real flavor. Would definitely come back just for the BBQ!"
"Amazing BBQ. All menu options are delicious. Arrive @10:30 or so, otherwise line gets crazy. It's worth the wait though."
"Many folks say that your first impression is usually the correct one. However, this appears not to be the case with my assessment of Little Miss BBQ. It appears that my first evaluation of their BBQ was wrong, dang wrong. Today, I decided to go back and give it another shot. I'm glad I did because it was nothing short of fantastic.

I wanted to give their pork ribs a try, but they were sold out of them when I got there (I came later in the afternoon). So, I decided to give their brisket a second shot. I told the gentlemen who was slicing the brisket to give me whatever he wanted. He gave me some really nice thick cuts of the ""moist"" brisket near the tip. The meat was incredibly moist and had a perfect smoke to beef flavor balance. The rub compliments the brisket without over-powering and actually compliments the beef flavor. None of my criticisms in my first review were present today. It was absolutely fantastic. 

One the way out, the gentleman tending the pit offered to give me a ""tour."" They really have a top-notch indirect smoker, and after speaking with him for a few minutes, it's obvious these guys know what they are doing. 

So, after going back to Little Miss BBQ a second time, I would definitely recommend this place. I definitely will be back to try other things on the menu and to have the brisket again. So to the pit master and the folks that work there: I've changed my mind; you guys have won me over. Maybe my first time I just got a bad cut of brisket, or maybe my drawers were in a bunch that day. I'm guessing that it was that latter of the two. In any event, I was wrong! Keep up the good work."
"Lord. Have. Mercy. BBQ is a way of life for this Chicago Kid and I've sampled enough that I've forgotten most of it. Little Miss will be long remembered. I read on a BBQ forum that some folks feared this might be ""hipster Que"". That is absolutely not the case. These guys do it right. Everything was great. We tried all the meats and all the sides. Beef is King here and the beef ribs were simply the best I've ever had. The fatty brisket takes a spot in my top 5. I'm impressed and that ain't easy. If there is room for (small) improvement, I'd say the pork ribs need a smoke bark. They tasted good but a nice bark would take them over the top for sure. The sides are all outstanding with the beans easily approaching the beef as best ever. The entire staff was awesome and friendly and the wait in line was even made bearable by free water and some samples. Little Miss is worth the trip, worth the wait and worth the money."
"Long lines but definitely worth the wait. I was recommended this place by friends and not disappointed. Extremely tender, well seasoned, juicy bbq.  I will be back!"
"Best BBQ ever! I'm a recent transplant from North Carolina and this place was recommended not long after moving to AZ. Reviews were great so decided to give it a try. I wasn't really expecting anything out of the ordinary as I thought I was spoiled by the great BBQ that they had in NC. Boy was I wrong! This is unquestionably the best BBQ that I have ever had. I tried a variety of their meats and they are all excellent, but the fatty brisket stands out as being the absolute best. Small family run place with amazing customer service. The owner is always around checking on customers and they all make you feel right at home. Get there an hour before they open if you want to find parking and be near the front of the line when they open. There will be a long line, but the wait is well worth it."
"Ran across this place via Yelp. I can't really say much else that everyone hasn't already mentioned. The brisket is amazing, the jalapeño cheddar grits were good(not amazing) and the pecan pie was to die for. Get there early as there always is a huge line and they sell out."
"Had the brisket, ribs, sausage, grits and beans, fully dressed. All were amazing, brisket and brisket were the standouts. Absolutely worth the wait, and we waited an hour! Everyone that worked there was super kind and even let my wife step in line real quick to buy a pie because she hadn't eaten breakfast and was getting pretty hangry in line. These guys are the real deal."
This place is absolutely amazing the green chili burrito is to die for!! So much flavor and the portions are decent
"Although my review will get lost in this sea of (honest) high ratings, I felt the need to tell you that if I were to summarize in one word how I feel about this place, it would be the word, ""YES""...absolutely Y-E-S, YES.

Little Miss BBQ is the only BBQ restaurant, so far, in Arizona that leaves me feeling ""FULLY SATISFIED"".  At other (praised) establishments, my stomach can't seem to take some of the BBQ, the sauces, the seasoning or just everything altogether; it always leaves me feeling a little nauseated for some odd reason, which is why I never used to crave BBQ much.  Don't get me wrong, they're good but my stomach doesn't like it...maybe it's the way it's smoked?  On the other hand, when I eat Little Miss BBQ, my stomach screams ""YES!""  Seriously.  It's the only place that my stomach seems to like and has me craving for it quite often.  Their meats are very tender, juicy, and well-seasoned.  Their sauces come separately and are just as good, but you know it's great BBQ when you can eat it without the sauce...  When I think BBQ in AZ, I think Little Miss.  Everything I have tried, you HAVE to try...

* Fatty Brisket = YES
* Sausage = YES
* Pulled Pork = YES
* The Jefe = YES
* Jalapeno Cheddar Grits = YES (Mind you, I hated grits until I tried this one!  I guess it just takes the right kind of grits to make me a believer, and it's a shame to say that I have even tried homemade--not-so-great--grits in both Tennessee and Arkansas.)
* Homemade Pecan Pie = YES

You can bet that my boyfriend and I are going back to try everything else--hook, line, and sinker!

Plus, the place is locally owned and the owners and staff are always very friendly.  They also give you a sample of their (popular item) fatty brisket OR the sausage as you walk through the doors of heaven--err, Little Miss BBQ.  Keep in mind, though, that the menu is subject to change as they run out of items very quickly - they make a certain amount for that day and when it's gone, it's gone.

I have been there waiting for about 15 minutes during the week in the late morning; and I have been there waiting for about 30-40 minutes at most, during labor day weekend, at the peak of lunchtime - I will go and stay regardless of a long wait.

So if you're wondering if this place is worthwhile, I say ""YES"", but I'll let you be the judge of it... Hope you enjoy it as much as we did!"
"Delicious brisket, ribs, coleslaw and cheesy jalapeño grits. We waited about an hour on a Tuesday. Everyone was very friendly and most had been there before. By 1 they were out of the brisket and sausage."
"This is the best barbecue I've ever had in my life!!!! 

I always take people here! 

I order the beef brisket (I like it fatty!!) and also the sausage that they make is divine!  

Yuuuuuuuummmmmmm!!!!!!!"
"Little Miss BBQ is a great place to visit with friends. Best if you like the people you go with because you'll probably be spending a lot of time with them in line. And the industrial location makes Little Miss BBQ seem like a bit of an adventure.

Your adventure will start with parking. We had about a five minute wait for the next spot on this Saturday afternoon. Not bad. The parking attendant was so friendly that we didn't mind the wait. Why so friendly? He was the owner's dad. A real family affair. In fact, every employee seems friendly, happy to be at work. 

Next, you will wait in line to order. The wait can be significant, but it's worth it. Once again, bringing friends will help. You'll also be offered water. You'll see bottles of sunscreen sitting about, which might come in handy early in the day (shaded later). There were lot of first timers on this Saturday, so there were a lot of advice seeking conversations between parties. No complainers. Just chill, adventurous diners. About a 45 minute wait this day.

Step inside to order. No more waiting. Your food will be presented to you quickly. There are five or so indoor tables and more picnic tables outdoors (nicely shaded). Clean restrooms too. We opted for the outdoors on this day because we had a couple of puppies in tow. No competition for tables since the pace of the line seems to naturally regulate seating. You can also order take out if that's your preference. 

The BBQ? It's really good. Worth the adventure. They serve each meat variety until they run out, which they will. This day? No turkey to be had, but there was plenty of beef brisket, pulled pork... They'll make announcements for those in line and place tape over the exhausted items on the indoor menu board. Matters not. All the choices are good. Order meat by the pound or opt for a sandwich with a single side or a meat platter with two sides. The smoked pecan pie, individually sized to serve one or two, is also great.

Such a well deserved success story. Opening was a challenge, given their unconventional location and unconventional business model. City inspectors were slow to accept the notion that BBQ smokers needed to be outdoors and that massive refrigerators were not required for leftovers, since there were none. With permits finally in hand, Little Miss BBQ has averaged a Yelp review a day since inception, a crazy high number for Phoenix. The staff initially worked 14-20 hour days. Low overhead allowed breakeven at just four briskets a day. They sold the four they needed to by noon their first day of operation. A chef's reputation helps, I guess. Two years later, they've doubled their smokers and found some additional experienced BBQ pullers. How do I know all this? The parking attendant, aka dad, liked our dogs and we started chatting. We were also greeted by his son and were sent home with three free bones for the pups (ask if you're not offered).

Overall? A great outing. Just allow a little extra time and relax."
"Went here for the first time on Saturday of Labor Day weekend. My buddy has been telling me about this place for a year, no joke. 
We rolled in 75 min before opening and we were still 60th in line. I was in shock over the amount of people here. 
Long story long... 2.5. Hours later, I enjoyed the most delicious BBQ brisket and pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. Not to mention the best smoked pecan pie too! 
It was unbelievable. So good. Well worth waiting 2.5 hours on my first trip. 
Next time, I am not going on holiday weekend, lol."
"Fantastic!!! Great Brisket and Pulled Pork! Loved the sauces, the tangy Mustard is a lovely surprise, suggested by the nice guy behind the counter. Don't be afraid of the color or the name! Everyone working there was nice including the owner who came out of the kitchen to say hello! We will be back!"
"This little piece of heaven is a hidden gem and should stay hidden...so I don't have to wait on line so long! Just kidding because I do not mind waiting on line for this joint. I am not a BBQ expert, but definitely well versed in culinary arts and this is not just the best BBQ place in the country, but one of the best places to eat, period. The meat is so tender, juicy and flavorful, you don't need any sauce or extras to make it taste good. From brisket, to short ribs, to pulled pork, I have never had BBQ like this in my life. I believe they only serve lunch and when the meat runs out, that's it. They only have a few tables so the line grows quickly and there is a wait. They are located in an industrial area and the scenery is not the best, but none of this matters because of the quality of the food. The staff is very friendly and they do it right. The place if very clean including their handling of the food. I would give myself a good hour the next time I go back. And, waiting in line next to the giant smoker, with that sweet smell of smoked meats wafting by, makes the wait in line seem well worth it and definitely part of the experience! Can't wait to go back!"
"the food is AMAZING!

the only bad thing about this place is that my mouth is watering whenever I think about their food.

PS: Also the line can be very long, but that can only mean I'm not the only one that loves the food there"
"We are from the land of Smoked Meat, TEXAS.  Yup, Little Miss BBQ lives up to the reputation. The lean brisket is still very moist. House sauce is awesome, but the Sweet and Tangy is good for a little change up.  Grabbed a smoked pecan pie for later.
Stop here, come early!"
"This place is phenomenal!  Yes there is a wait, but it is worth every minute you spend in line. We arrived at 10:30 on a Saturday and were about 20th in line. We had a wait of 1 hour. I had ribs and sausage and my husband had turkey, sausage and brisket. The brisket was like some sort of religious experience, it was so good. I would recommend this to anybody who loves BBQ.  The wait is worth it!"
"Yes!  Yes!  Yes!   I gave them 5 stars!  That rarely happens!

Ok, here is the scoop ---

Other reviewers might complain about the wait -  I got there at 10:45a and was 10th in line.  They opened promptly at 11a.  I ordered my food at 11:10am.  This is consistent with the 1 to 1-1.5 minute wait per person.  It was 104 and sunny today and I am sooooo happy that I waited. 

I had a 2 meat platter with brisket and ribs.  I selected grits and slaw for my sides.  --- DELISH!

I also tried the sausage and shredded pork.  Both outstanding!

To top it all of I tried the pecan pie.  Fantastic!!!!

1/27/2016 - now a regular visitor!  Still a wait and still worth the wait!

Worth the wait!!!!!"
"This place is everything you want in a not just a bbq joint but a food establishment! I had the brisket sandwich,  turkey, pulled pork & jalapeño grits. I have never liked bbq in my life but I had never had bbq done right.  I live in la and this bbq surpassed any ive tried there. What sold me most was the first rate customer service!  The owner Scott, was so  accommodating & personal. He and his father came from behind the counter to check on us and show us the gigantic smoker. PERFECT PLACE!"
"12/19/2018: Came back once again and brought 3 born and bred, raised on N Carolina BBQ people with me and I am happy to announce that they have been converted and proclaimed Lil Miss the best Q they have ever had. The food, the staff, the atmosphere are incredible. The brisket is a must, the sausage is supreme and The Jefe is the bomb, as is the Smoked Pecan pie. There is a reason people skip breakfast and start lining up more than an hour before they open."
Best BBQ ever. Come hungry and be prepared to eat--a lot. I have never experienced a BBQ place like this one. Come early so you can get parking. It gets very busy.
3rd time and always delicious!! The wait was hour and 25min (got there 1240on a Thurs) but worth the wait+Nutella pumpkin pie yum yum yum
Either sold out or have to wait in line for an hour. Legit BBQ places in the South make enough food for everyone to eat. This business model is a joke.
"I got off of work on Friday a little early and I've heard about this place on Yelp before and had to give it a try for myself. Man, right when I pulled up to the parking lot there was at least 20 people in line already. Fortunate enough to get a parking spot without any hassle. 

While I was waiting in line they even demonstrated how they cook and where they store their meat. I think I've been waiting for about 30 min. in line and one  of the employee comes out and shouts, ""We've got almost a lit bit of everything left and might run out. The faces on most of mine and the people that were waiting we priceless becaue we've been waiting so long, lol.

Luckily, I made it, but they basically ran out of everything except pulled pork, some brisket, beans, and grits. I don't really like grits, but these were really worth the try! The customer serice was awesome and on point. The rest of us even got a drink on the house for waiting. 

So, the only downside is that they do run out of food. So, I suggest that if anyone is going to give this little place a try to go early because it's probably one of the best BBQ spots in AZ. I'll definitely be back."
"I was on the fence initially having had BBQ from Texas. The wait on a weekday wasn't too long, got in line a bit after 10am and sat down and began eating before 12. I've been to some BBQ places where their sausage is salty, but samples were passed out and it was amazing and had such a good meaty fatty flavor. I do wish the sausage was lower in price because it was my absolute favorite. The pulled pork was really flavorful and seasoned. The fatty brisket however was a bit disappointing, i might have gotten a bit of a dry one as the brisket for the person in front of me glistened. They have 3 different sauces, I don't feel the House sauce is anything special. The Spicy sauce lacks a kick, but still has a little heat. The Sweet & Tangy Mustard sauce was my favorite, it helped contrast the fatty flavors."
Over an hour wait on a hot Thursday morning for the best pastrami I have ever tasted?  Totally worth it!
"Wow. The line was long, parking was tough, but it was WORTH it.  

I was going to leave, but they gave my wife a sample while we were in line.  It was all over, I got the LOOK.  We spent the next 1 1/2 in line waiting talking to the locals, they all said great things about this place

Now, you need to go early, as they run out of different meats.  When its gone its gone

The sausage and fatty brisket are the ones to try

Enjoy"
"The best beef ribs ever. Unfortunately didn't get a chance to try fat brisket, but will do next time. Important thing: COME EARLY or they will sell out."
"The good:

The brisket couldn't be any better. Great pastrami. Their sausage was absolutely the best. The meats are masterful.

The bad:

None... Kind of a long wait but worth it.

You should check it out!"
"When I first looked at going to Little Miss, they had over 386 Yelp reviews and still maintained a 5 Star rating.  Not a 4.5, not a 4.7, but a 5 freaking star rating and I knew I had to find this Unicorn.

The first time we went, we got there at 10:30 and there were already 40 people deep in line.  The parking lot attendant (father in law of the owner) directed us to a spot and handed us a water.  They have picnic tables set up for outdoor eating as well as a few chairs scattered  here and there to help  break up the wait.  That Saturday, we waited close to an hour after they opened (90 min wait total) before we even got in the door.  The first few people inline move slowly because they order lbs to go and it takes time to slice and weight.

The owner is the one carving and takes the time to interact with each guest.  He even serves the coveted burnt end pieces to people in line as a taste before they order.  My tip?  Ask him what he feels is good today, he knows his stuff and it is the easiest way to ensure you get the best stuff.  My fav is the fatty brisket but that goes QUICK and my go to sides are the Potato Salad and Cheesy Grits, the coleslaw was a bit meh but still good.  Be sure to save room because their Pecan Pie is a must!

The last few times we have been going earlier, around 10:15 and have been in, ordered, and out the door by 12:00.  They will take call ahead orders but require a 5 lb min purchase which unless you have  a lot of friends, it can get a bit pricy so I choose to brave the line.

The team at Little Miss loves BBQ and it shows!  They are personable, caring, and thankful of their success and it really shows in the overall experience.  Keep up the good work!"
"Got in line at 10:15 today and was served at 2:00. 

No way is this place worth standing in line for over 3 hours.  If the parking lot is full, just keep driving. 

The single sausage bite sample and empty tap water coolers while waiting 3 hours in little to no shade is what you should expect. 

If you want repeat business LMB, work on your customer service. 

The perky cashiers looking for a tip don't make the lines any better."
"Holy. Crap!  Go!  The wait is insane, and I'm not sure exactly why??? But totally worth it as they say.  They ran out of the awesome brisket when I went and I got the 2nd class brisket and it was still amazingly good.  I got the chicken as well...tender and juicy.  Totally on point.  Topped off with a super rich but individual sized pecan pie.  Also, super cool that they will bring out clean knives, and cutting boards if you have dietary restrictions and don't want to have your beef cut on a board that has also been used with pork.  The wait it totally, totally ridiculous, but even with that I still gave it five stars.  They should get a deduction for that, but I can't do it in good conscience because the BBQ is so good.  I have been to Texas a million times and their BBQ is whack compared to this, right here in a sketchy part of Phoenix!  Who'd of thunk it!?!"
"Both the brisket and  the garlic sausage was excellent ..I plan to return for the spare ribs asap. well worth the stop, great people too"
"this is arguably some of the best barbecue in America! I will be hard pressed to look at the top 50 barbecue places in America and not see this establishment listed!

 From the reviews and what I witnessed there is always a 60 to 90 minute wait to get your food. That's because the  butcher slices everyone's meal to order. The meals are served by weight or pieces.  You can order lean brisket or the fatty portion of the brisket and if you can't decide you can ask for it mixed.

 Since I'm a proclaim barbecue connoisseur I went with 1/2 of a pound of ribs 3/4 of a pound of fatty brisket and 1 sausage.

 the ribs:
 for the first time in a long time I can say I'm tongue tied trying to explain the ribs. The ribs didn't need any barbecue sauce, they were that damn good that you can eat them with nothing on them. The rub, the smoke, the smoke ring and texture were outstanding!
 I ate all the four of the rib bones and got mad because I only ordered half a pound.

The brisket:
 if you read most of the reviews on this restaurant you will hear people kicking in screaming about the brisket, I can see why! When you watch the butcher pull the flank of brisket out of the smoker and begin to cut the meat and you watch the juices flow down the cutting board it is like poetry in motion, the whole world stops!  The pieces of brisket were so moist tender and juicy OMG! the bark from the rub gave it so much flavor it was hard to not stick the whole piece of brisket in your mouth it was that delectable!

LAST THING GET THE PIE!! IT'S THE BEST $5 YOU'LL EVER SPEND!!!!

grades:
ribs- 9.75
brisket- 10
pecan pie- 10+
 There is no down my mind that they are easily the top 5 barbecue joints in America! You have my word on it!"
"My boyfriend & I were on a long layover in Phoenix so we wanted to get out & get some good food and fresh air. We stumbled upon this little place. The food was delicious and the atmosphere is casual. The service is as friendly as you can get, and one of the workers gave us a tour of the BBQ pit. This place definitely deserves 5 stars for authentic delicious BBQ and wonderful customer service."
As good as advertised. Friendly staff. Best bbq I've ever had. Worth the wait and price.
"Decided to try this place due to it's rating. We were absolutely not disappointed! 
A couple things to note about this establishment. Their goal is to 'sell out' by 4 p.m. I encourage you to go early to ensure you have the best variety. There is not a huge amount of seating. Indoors there are about 5-6 four person tables. Outside there are some large picnic tables. We arrived around 3:30 and they were out of pork and one of the briskets. My friend and I split a 2 meat (brisket & sausage) plate and a turkey sandwhich. The sides were jalapeno grits, potato salad and coleslaw. The flavor was FABULOUS!! We will definitely go back."
Outside of Austin TX nothing comes close for BBQ. Best brisket and grits I've ever had in my life. The pecan pie ain't to shabby either!
Great brisket!!!  Wonderful people!!!!  Get there early as they sold out today before 1pm.
"Brisket so tender you can cut it with a plastic fork. All of the sauces are good, but the sweet and tangy mustard is my favorite, especially with the fatty brisket and some jalapeños. The jalapeño cheddar grits are smooth and creamy and quite spectacular. I got here about 9:30 to wait in line, I was about 12 people from the front. I finally got my food about 12:40 and it was absolutely worth the wait."
"Pretty much the only decent food place in Phoenix! Many visitors from out of town (aka me) are somewhat disappointed by the ""hot spots"" in town because they are used to a lot better food. Sorry not sorry.

Little Miss is pretty much the only redeeming place in town. My friends and I did our due diligence and made it out around 10:20am, about 40 minutes or so before it opened. There were still about 25 people in front of us, which ended up being quite a lot of people given that each order is individually sliced at the moment of ordering. Soon after 10:20 though, the tiny lot became full, so regardless of the wait, coming out around then was a good idea. Plan your moves baby!

Little Miss isn't the best bbq I've had, but it's pretty damn good. I'm usually a bigger fan of ribs than brisket, but oddly enough, the brisket is the clear winner here. The fatty brisket especially was melting in the mouth and was falling apart even as I was holding it. 

The cole slaw and grits, on the other hand, were an absolute failure. Like...wth? I think maybe they try to focus on the bbq too much that the sides have become, truly, some sort of ""side."" But sides are just as important to me, and I'm glad I had at least the pickles and jalapeno (properly spicy) to lighten up the flavor palate.

I do love the hospitality and service. Sunblock and water for the customers? Yas! All in all, solid four stars!"
"Little miss was a big let down. Waited in line for 2hrs and by the time we got to the front of the line, they were out of 80% of their meats. So we ate sausage. 2hrs for sausage!?! Come on bro! 

They need to get a better handle on meat/peeps ratio before I go back."
"You won't find much better than this. The line is worth it every time, once you are inside you'll immediately forget how long you just waited. And oh man,  the old man working the parking lot is easily the nicest person you could come by"
"Wow! What an amazing lunch we had here! We had heard this always a great stop for BBQ and there was always a long line/wait time but true to what everyone had said .... it was well worth the wait! Waiting in line was actually pleasant. There were three of us so we had lots to talk about. The group behind us were visiting Phoenix and excited like we were about eating here. There were little notes along the wait letting you know how long a wait you were looking at based on where you were. You were under shade for the most part but they also had camping chairs along the way if you wanted to have a seat and they even had ice cold water with cups for everyone to drink while they waited - so considerate!

We had a game plan on what to order so that we could sample as many of what they had. Brisket (lean because the fatty was sold out), chopped brisket, sausage, pulled pork and pork ribs. Grits, coleslaw, potato salad and beans. And a pecan pie! We each had a favorite and mine personally was the sausage and chopped brisket. Plates are served with slices of white bread, onion, pickles and jalapeño. We made little sandwiches using a slice of bread and their bbq sauce in the table - omg it was fabulous, a complete explosion of taste in my mouth! Will definitely be back!!"
"This place is amazing. TX style BBQ done right.  I've been twice now and it's quite an experience. Be sure to show up really early if you're serious (9 or 930 am) if you want to make sure they have everything.  Parking is scarce and the line starts forming early.  They do have an attendant who helps direct people parking and there is a number system for the first folks that show up so you know where you are in the line.  Just prior to opening, they fully explain the ordering process and menu over a megaphone and get the line of people fired up and excited.  The owners are amazing and hand out free samples of sausage while taking the time to talk to the people waiting in line.  Could not be nicer folks. 

The food is nothing short of outstanding.  The highlights are the sliced brisket, particularly the fatty brisket.  Melts in your mouth and is perfect.  Everything else is good as well.  Don't forget the smoked pecan pie...wow.  Arizona is incredibly lucky to have a BBQ place of this caliber."
Man this place had a long line so it must be good. Went here because of the five star review. Make sure you get here early so you can get the brisket. They can sell out very fast.
"I came here this morning to pick up a pre-order (this will be my second time tasting the glorious delicacies, the first time I stood in line for 2 hours and It. Was. Totally. Worth. It). With an out of town guest, it was a no brainer to order a pickup to enjoy for dinner at home - the ordering process couldn't have been easier (way easier than deciding what to get) and the early pickup was efficient and enjoyable - heck I even tipped, I was so impressed with it. Now I can't wait to have the meaty goodness.  If you haven't been, you owe it to yourself and those you care about to make the pilgrimage - a religious experience awaits."
"Best BBQ I've ever had! The wait was a little long (45mins) but it's in a shaded area and they also provide free water bottles. We were given the opportunity to try the sausage while we were waiting outside and the brisket once we got inside, both are amazing! The whole staff is extremely friendly and personable. The manager stopped by every table to make sure everything was fine including ours. I will definitely be back and I'm brining my friends/family with me."
Amazing BBQ & Great staff. We waited about 2 hours for the bbq and worth every minute. *Arrive early  (like 2 hours before doors open)!!
"I'm going 4.5*.  Being from Texas the bar is awfully high for me with regard to BBQ.  The brisket both lean and fatty were excellent.  My only negative would be the pricing.  $19/lb is steep.  For that, the BBQ should blow your mind.  Brisket was very tasty and nicely smoked.  Sides weren't bad.  Tried the potato salad and cole slaw.  Just not wowed.  Sauce pretty good.  Would definitely return.  Wait wasn't bad.  Probably 30 minutes and I got there right at 11.  Everybody really friendly."
"Wow. It's going to be a quick review. I have only had take out from here so can't rate the business, building, or staff but oh my, this food is amazing. Brisket is literally mouth watering. Their houses sauces are fantastic. 

Update and full review to follow. I just needed to get my stars out there! 

I have heard it is quite an experience going here so I look forward to that!"
"What can be said that hasn't already? 

There's a delicate balance between coming during the rush and getting the full menu, or coming for a late lunch and avoiding the line while risking that there are things on the menu that are sold out. 

The people who work here know they are performing at the top of their game and have a cheerful bravado that isn't too common at restaurants.   

If you are going to spend the time in the line you might as well order some more to go.  

The pecan pie is good, the beans are good, the meat is amazing, the whole concept is good and well executed.  

See you next time, Little Miss BBQ!"
"Some great bbq can be found here.  Get it while it's still available, otherwise you'll be missing out.  Unfortunately they ran out of fatty brisket and sausage when I arrived.  However, I was able to get some:

ribs - juicy and tasty, though a little salty at the edges for me
lean brisket - good with a little bit of fat at the edge for a balance.  the sauce helped
pulled pork - this was juicy, tasty and full of texure

the cheese grits and cole slaw were good as well

lmb sauces, regular sauce was good, the spicy one was even better, not too spicy either"
"1st time there today.... Came with friends that have been here a few times... Well worth the 1/2 hour wait to get in the door.
Highly recommended this establishment"
"This restaurant is the easiest place to give 5 stars to on yelp. The best fatty beef brisket I've ever had. Not only the food but the service was beyond 5 stars. By the time you are finish eating, most of people working there knows you because they make sure you are enjoying the food. You can see they are happy working there. I wish i can give more than 5 stars. Thank you."
"I gotta say their food is pretty good. Their bbq is probably one of those best bbq places I ever had. It's their way to distribute food that made me not satisfied. 
First of all, the line is way too long. I went there 15 mins before they open and the line had already formed. There were more than 20 people in front of me. It took about 50 minutes to wait for my turn or order. They should be more efficient in time to serve food. Often times if you get there around 1:30 all the ribs gonna be gone.
Second of all, they try to cheat on the weight. You guys should pay more attention when they weight your food. I ordered briskets and ribs and they sell by the pounds. The guy put on about 1/4 brikets on the scale first and marked down the weight. Then he put on 1 pound of ribs on top of the weight of the briket without zero it out of the weight of the briket first. He wanted to charge me both the weight he marked down for the brisket and the new weight with the ribs. I saw him did the same to those customers in front of me too. When I point it out he just said he forgot to zero it out. What a way to make more profit!
Third of all, the environment is kinda disgusting. There were flys everywhere. However, they provide free water when you wait in line. They serve good food but not a decent business."
The ribs and brisket are some of the best you'll find in Phoenix! Get ready to get your hands dirty!
"If the line out the door and around the corner doesnt tell you something, the food will. I would confidently say that the BBQ here is about the best you will ever eat. I can't imagine anything better. I am looking forward to when they open other locations. Still, I would drive to this place even if it was 3 hours away. It's worth it. Make sure you get here and try it at least once!"
Definitely some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Highly recommended. Get there early because the food sells out fast!
"My 2nd time here.  Last was a couple years ago.

Arrived at 1035, given numbers to wait in a/c comfort of car while waiting for restaurant to open.  At 1045 we lined up.  No need for numbers after all.  Cheerful crowd.  No pushing or shoving.  At 11 sharp they opened doors and started cutting.  We were probably 25th in line.

Now the less than ideal part....took a full hour to get our order taken (12 pm).  An hour for 25 people to get their food ahead of us.  I'm just not sure I'm good with that.

Now here's the great part...I'm from Tx...I've eaten BBQ at Franklins, la barbecue, stiles and switch in austin and the salt lick....LITTLE MISS BBQ IS BETTER.  Honestly.  It's better.

Brisket was excellent.  No...it was outstanding...no...it was stupendous.  The thing I like best was the sauce was delicious and the sides were very edible.  Most bbq places fail in these areas.

Brisket was $20/lb and turkey was like $14/lb.

Definitely return."
"Would have been five stars; but the line is ridiculous.  To satiate us, however, there are two coolers, some  opening entertainment, and free sausage samples were passed out.  
Best brisket of my life, tho!!!  Juicy, tender, and I was given the choice if I wanted lean or fatty.  Have you seen me?  Fatty, yes please!!  If they could somehow do something to lower the wait time I would be back every time that I am in Phoenix."
Absolutely worth the long wait and price. The chopped brisket is hands down the best I've ever had.
My girlfriends and I went on Thursday and the wait in line was well worth the time. Wonderful!! Their jalapeño sausage was so good. Don't leave without getting their pecan pie.
"Great tasting BBQ at a reasonable price!! The brisket I ordered was incredibly tender, as well as flavorful. For my sides I ordered potato salad and beans which were amazing. Also the staff was extremely friendly, you could tell customer service was just as important as the quality of the food. I would also like to say Denny gives the best tours! If you're ever in the area you must try this place just get there early because they will sell out."
"Best BBQ in Phoenix. Brisket was top notch, definitely will be back."
I travel all over Texas and have a favorite bbq food truck in Austin and now I have a place just as good in Phoenix. Now I understand how they have 5 stars with over 1700 reviews. I've bookmarked Little Miss BBQ and will be back.
"Oh yeah. These guys lived up to the stories. We showed up earlier than lunch time, and they were darn near sold out of everything so I just got the brisket and beans, and my husband got brisket and cheese grits. Utterly delicious. Not sure what magic they perform with their barbecue, but you can see their cookers outside and the smell is so good! We had to eat outside under the covered area - so if you're looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want great food without any fancy pants stuff, then these are your people right here."
"First time here. My boss recommended this place and raved about the reviews. As a backyard BBQ participant I appreciate the art. Some might not be a fan of waiting in line and an ending amount of food but I get it. 

If it's right, good, and prepared properly who cares if if runs out!  Get here early and get it fresh!  The brisket is the bomb!  Some of the best I've had. Great mixture of heat and salt with every bite melting in your mouth. No dryness or tough chew. Well done pitmaster. 

Good choices of sauces on the table but my favorite is the mustard sauce. I'm a sucker for it. Although several choices of the menu were unavailable upon my arrival, if they are half as good as what the brisket and beans were the line should be twice as long. 

Get down here Phoenicians and taste real BBQ."
"I tried it out today - bought 2 plates of 2-meat meals (fatty brisket, pulled pork, sausage, pork ribs). My sides (jalapeño cheese grits, beans, potato salad, and coleslaw). Everything was great! The brisket was extremely tender and ribs fell off the bone. 

Service was exceptional. I must say this is the best BBQ I've had in Arizona so far. 2 thumbs up!!!!"
"Let me start with, if there was ever something to wait in a line for 2 hours for in the AZ sun it is this. I have been going to Little Miss since almost when they opened (no idea where my earlier review went) and I can hands down say that this will be the meal I request on my death bed!

The owner Scott and his staff are outstanding. From how you are greeted pulling into the parking lot (and yes I was excited to be able to park down the street and walk back), to the guys working the line handing out free water bottles on a 100+ degree day, to bringing out a sample of the sausage to those us us in line, to the glorious sample of the fatty brisket when you finally make it in the door, to the team on the line and the cashier, what a great bunch!

Now to the food...Where to start. FATTY BRISKET, FATTY BRISKET, FATTY BRISKET. The flavor of the meat, the rub, the bark, the juicy goodness (drooling as I write this). When they pull the full brisket out of the butcher paper and you see the pool of juicy goodness and then they slap it on the cutting board and you get the little bit of giggle from the top of the brisket, oh my!  Then the fantastic thick slices of brisket that you have to stare at as they weigh it out (the scale always works out for the customer). 

The meat from the Pork Ribs pulls off the bone. These are the tenderest and tastiest Ribs I have ever had. From the rub, to the meat, everything is outstanding. The house made sausage with small bits of jalapeno is great too. I have never made it to the other meats because the brisket and ribs are so good. They had a huge run on Pulled Pork the day I was there and the guy in front of me got the last pound. I think that explains how good it is when their Saturday supply was gone by the time I got to the counter (we were there when it opened and waited in line 2 hours). 

Their sides are unreal. Little Miss introduced me to grits 3.5 years ago and on my travels I now seek their equal. Thus far a losing proposition. The Cheddar Jalapeno Grits are indescribable, the best!  Their Ranch Style Beans are made with the drippings from all of the various meats. So what does this mean to you...Every bite will give you a little different flavor. A little brisket, little pulled pork, a piece of the turkey, whatever happened into that bite. 

They have 3 house made sauces; house, spicy and a mustard based one. All are excellent, but I love their house sauce. You can't go wrong. 

Did I mention the wait is worth it!"
"I came here later in the day and got a pound of lean brisket. It was delicious and the flavor it had was awesome without BBQ sauce. Spicy, spicy mustard and sweet sauces are all great .   Jalapeno grits and Pecan pie were nice too. Prices are moderate and food is high quality and employees are friendly.  I recommend this bbq spot but try to get there early."
"Holy cow! I was worried that this place was all hype and wouldn't be able to deliver.

I could not have been more wrong. Their BBQ sauces were all so good, but everyone regretted putting it on their meat because it just wasn't needed. The meat was fantastic on its own.

Hands down the best BBQ I've ever had."
Best BBQ In AZ Hands Down!!! Amazing People!! The Brisket & The Beef Short Rib Is A Must! Make sure to get there early!!
"Well, someone better go pull the car 'round, my knees have buckled. Too much flavor. Make sure you sit down when you try this. I don't even think I have had true BBQ until today. My life has been a lie. 

My friend J and I must have gotten there just in time (around 10:40 on Saturday) because there was a good sized line already and it kept growing and growing. We walked right up to what we thought was the back of the line and were questioned by a couple guys if this was our first time while everyone else just stared. Turns out that was the front of the line... To the back we go! Note: the line starts by all of the outdoor seating (southside). 

Anyway, we waited for what seemed to be about 40 minutes with our hunger growing exponentially by the minute. We finally found ourselves standing outside of that little plastic curtain that separates the desperate from the confident. We could finally see meat. Hell we have been smelling delicious smoked goodness for the past 40 min, WE COULD FINALLY SEE THE MEAT! The line moved forward and we were finally in. We made it. The owner was behind the counter cutting meat like a mad man with surgical precision. You are not paying for fat and other shit. You pay for the real thing here. So much meat. So much variety. 

Although the owner was busy trimming away, he had plenty of time to entertain and jest with the customers. He had this almost sarcastic sense of humor about him that kept things lively in there. It was cool to see someone that involved in their passion and business. Waiting in line can make people grumpy, that is why the owner likes to hand out samples! What the hell is this ""fatty brisket"" that I keep hearing about? 

Boom. Here is my opportunity. This is it. Here we go.

 ***Please excuse me while I have the first BBQ induced seizure ever recorded*** 

There was no sauce. It didn't need sauce. What the hell kind of BBQ doesn't need sauce!? Why did it just melt like that? I hardly even had to chew it. What the fuck is going on?! 

That was easily one of the top 10 things I have ever put in my mouth. 

I don't think this is BBQ, people. This is something else. Either every ""BBQ"" meal I have ever had has been completely wrong, or this place is just selling something superior and calling it ""BBQ"". Either way this place is way out of the league. It is not fair for other BBQ places. It is the equivalent of a teenager beating up a five year old. But hey, I'm not complaining!

I digress though, I ended up getting the pulled pork sandwich and have no regrets. I will be back. I will get more. This place is clean, well-run, and the BBQ is dripping with passion and love. Come see for yourself.

Note: The shade can be spotty at times so be sure to wear sunscreen or bring an umbrella if you are sensitive to the sun. Camping chairs are great to have too if it is before 11."
"We ate at Little Miss BBQ on impulse today, as we were in the area around 2:30 pm. As luck would have it, they were out of everything but their lean brisket, which is what we would have ordered anyway. We loved the three different sauces as well, and my husband said the brisket was hands down the best he has ever eaten. We tried the potato salad and cole slaw, and enjoyed cold sodas with our brisket sandwiches. We will definitely be back, and are considering ordering ahead of time for some take out in the near future. I hear they are cooking briskets for Thanksgiving, what a treat that would be!"
"I think the other reviews and overall 5-star (on BBQ- what??! ) say it all. 

This is literally the ONLY place I would be willing to wait longer than 30 min for anything, let alone just for takeout (in 100 degree weather, mind you). I'll go here on a Saturday and casually spend $100 on BBQ before I know it because you just have to get a little of everything... Both brisket are my favorite, favorite. But honestly, I could NEVER come here and get just one thing. Oh, and the smoked pecan pie... Do yourself a favor and pick one (or more than one) of these babies up. Trust me, you won't regret it. You won't regret anything here. You'll love it all and return again to wait in line for the BEST BBQ IN THE VALLEY."
"I'll be honest here. Little Miss BBQ has always scared me. 

I've read the reviews and heard all the buzz. But when you take into account their limited hours and long lines, it's not the kind of place that you can just pop into on a whim for a quick bite. And it's certainly not the kind of place that you can just visit on your lunch break during the work week. No, going to LMBBQ is a full-blown event that one must mentally prepare for.

During my first visit, both my girlfriend and I had some vacation time from work. We decided to finally make a day out of it. I warned her beforehand that we had to get there before opening, or else we'd be waiting around and risk the restaurant running out of meat. She didn't believe me. Hell, I'm not even sure I believed it - until I drove up 30 minutes before opening and saw a crowd of people lined up at 10:30 in the morning on a Wednesday. A Wednesday for Christ's sake! 

And while everything was spectacular, including the sausage, pulled pork, and pecan pie, the main reason I came was to try their acclaimed fatty brisket. Unfortunately, they sold out rather quickly, so I knew that during our second visit, I could not allow this to happen. Showing up at 9am, exactly two hours before opening, solved this issue - even if it felt more like we were going to breakfast.

It's funny because, once you get inside, you'd have absolutely no idea of just how packed the outside of the restaurant is. It feels just like going into any other tiny little BBQ joint where you order at the counter. People were friendly and things ran very smoothly. No trouble with seating, which was one of my biggest fears.

So, I guess the question continues to linger: Does this BBQ really live up to all the hype?

Initially, I had mixed feelings, because I was unable to try what they're most known for. But during a second visit, where I've now consumed enough of their sausage, pulled pork, and yes, their fatty brisket, I can confidently say that yes, it most definitely does.

The pulled pork is fine, but there's a reason why the brisket is their most popular item, which damn near melts in your mouth. Even the sausages, something that I rarely take an interest in, is incredibly impressive. Hell, even when you nuke your leftovers, the flavor in the meat still easily surpasses local competitors. The cheddar-jalapeno grits and beans are well executed - eliminating the recurring problem most BBQ joints have by skimping on side quality.

And the smoked pecan pie? Get one. Wait. Get five of them. Take them home with you.

In the end, aside from venturing outside of Arizona, I can't think of any other BBQ place that we've tried that holds a candle to what it is that they're doing here. And sadly, I don't have the free time to ever become a regular. Which is why I'm looking forward to the opening of their second location. Allegedly, this will be a more traditional restaurant that will hopefully be a little easier to get into, as well as offering an expanded menu.

I'm incredibly stingy with my five-star ratings with restaurants. I've always supported the belief that in order to achieve perfection, I need a plate full of food where virtually everything I order exceeds expectations. Not just one item, but everything. And this is one of those rare places that pulls it off with great ease.

The success is deserved and the hype is real.

Spectacular!"
Food was good. Win selection was very limited. Service was ok. Atmosphere was fun. A lot of families. This place is good for a date
Stopped off after a flight into Phoenix. Great Bbq! 10/10 would return anytime I'm in town.
"Hmm, lil miss virgin & just not seeing the hype. VERY good, but not all excited like most reviews.  Disclaimer, was late saturday, so maybe it wasn't 1000% like normal.  Of course out of both ribs that I was anxious to try, but no worry.  Got a sample of turkey, was AMAZING, ended up getting a lil bit.  

Now... the brisket.  Was ok... didn't wet my pants or anything else like most people gush on here.  Maybe my expectations were super high from all the reviews, but didn't taste the hype.  Don't get me wrong, it was VERY good, but I put it in par with Rudy's (which I think is good).  Now... I had a dry part of the brisket & I prefer a lil fat/juice/flavor, so maybe that's where I'm not seeing it.  Not a bbq crazy, just love good smoke.  Would definitely return, but sorry, wouldn't wait an hour or two in august!"
A BBQ epiphany period!!! If you've never been go ASAP. With the opening of a new location it's even easier to get in line for some great bbq.
"Arrived at 13:00 on a weekday. Big line snaking out the door.
All but chopped brisket sold out...... Amazing.

Finally got in and ordered the last of what they had.
Chopped brisket: really unique, with almost a teriyaki flavor. Little sauce, but one can add it at the table. Excellent flavor, with little fat.
Grits: Nice.
Beans: Also not typical, with unusual spicing.

Pickles: ABSOLUTELY the best ever! Almost like a perfect ""nuka-zuke"" type of Japanese pickle, and went perfectly well with the BBQ. When I asked about it, the owner and staff lady kindly gave me a bunch to take with me. WONDERFUL!!!

The pecan pie was the best of its kind, with little goop.

I wish that I could have tasted the other meats, but I would come here again for what I had. Highest recommendation."
"Wow! New favorite BBQ in AZ. 

I read the reviews and now I understand. Yes you need to be there early and have that second option in the event you get in the door and your first option is gone. 

I am guessing they make more brisket then anything because that was the last meat left (on a Wednesday at 2:00!). I was not aware beef ribs were only Friday and Saturday so I will be back on one of those days at about 10:30!!! I will get ribs!!

The sausage had a crispy bite, the shredded and ""lean"" brisket and turkey were all tasty. There was no ""fatty"" brisket left. I don't think I will get turkey again and that's only because apparently I don't like smoked turkey!  I did take my leftovers home and ate it all!

What a great gem. I like the idea that they're not wasting food. 

Do not come if you are in a hurry! Definitely worth the wait! We were in line for almost an hour."
"Easily the best BBQ I've had in Arizona and possibly ever (yes I've THE Kansas City BBQ). It was my first time going and didn't know what to get so I got everything... literally. Worst mistake ever because now that I know what everything tastes like I have less of an idea what to get because.. It. Is. Amazing. The lunch line is long and it will take a while to get through the line but it's worth it. Keep your keester in line. The brisket might be the best there but the sausage, turkey, pastrami, and even the rib are extremely good. The BBQ sauces are some of the best I've had as well. Must try!"
"I already had high expectations coming here, and after my visit it far exceeded above and beyond. After reading about the long lines before the 11am opening, just like Franklin BBQ in Austin, I arrived shortly after 9am and was the first customer there.

I was greeted warmly by seemingly all of the workers there prepping for the lunch rush. It was great that they had a cooler for water set up, not to mention about 10 lawn chairs for folks waiting. Shortly before opening, they even offered everyone a sample of their homemade sausage. 

The sausage was good, but the main reason I was here was for the fatty brisket. As the first customer in line to order, it was great to see the first brisket get sliced. I ordered a double brisket plate with sides of potato salad and coleslaw. It also comes with white bread, pickles, and onions. 

Everything was excellent -- the fatty brisket was perfectly cooked and seasoned, with subtle smoke flavor. Great looking smoke ring as well. Even the sides were really good, something many BBQ joints will simply ignore. 

As someone who has a backyard smoker and has smoked hundreds of briskets in my lifetime, as well as having eaten at so many BBQ joints in Texas, Little Miss BBQ is definitely up there among the best."
"If you're serious about bbq you already know about Little Miss. Don't screw around, get there early else you probably won't get anything. The rest of us ain't waiting on you...lol"
"An absolute MUST! We ordered 2 meat plates and an order of turkey with sides. The food was delicious and well worth the wait ( 2 1/2 hours ) staff and owner are extremely friendly, even while waiting you know that LITTLE MISS BBQ is the place to be with great customer service. If a place doesn't have a line it's probably not great; this place always has a line and sells out everyday so you know it's good with repeat customers. The brisket is juicy and practically melts in your mouth. They have House sauce, spicy sauce, and sweet and tangy sauce for your food. You really don't need it because the meat is delicious on its and had a tremendous amount of flavor. Your tastebuds  will thank you and will want you to come back for more. The pork ribs will have you trying to get all the meat from the bone. Everything is done to perfection, the owner was telling us about their quality control and how the butcher evaluates all the meat and gives feedback so they can see how they're doing. Smoked pecan pies are amazing, we ordered 3 for the two of us because we knew they wouldn't disappoint. They sure didn't, the filling and pecans on top were mouth watering. Highly recommend this place if you can be patient and wait for delicious food. We are excited for their new restaurant on the 15th of November. While waiting we were given housemade jalapeño sausage which was also amazingly delicious."
"I didn't have to wait in line I would have been disappointed if I did and would have probably given them 1 star, there is nothing magical about their bbq, 866 5 star reviews I'm confused I tried three different meats all were good for a rookie pit master, anyways if you have had magical bbq that makes you tingle ( you can't go back if you have) well this ain't it keep looking and don't wait more than 15 minutes if you still wanna try it, but the hype is all hype"
"Great atmosphere, feels like a good ol backyard get together. Friendly staff. The pulled pork tastes like magic. Amazing turkey. Excellent sauces."
"We waited for 3.5 hours, but it is worth it. Yes, definitely come back next time when we are in Phoenix. We have waited 3 hours for Franklin BBQ in Austis TX before, but we like the meat here better. The staff and services are outstanding, they went above and beyond to make sure all customers are happy even though they are in line for hours. Now I know why they have 5 stars rating. If I can rate the staff and services only, they should have 10 stars. But of course the food is what we are here for: you have to come and try it. So good! Thank you for great food and great staff.

My tips: come way early, restaurant opens at 11AM, be there at 9:30 (I am not joking) if you want to have a chance to eat the famous ""fatty brisket"" I came at 10:45am :(  , staff will hand you the ticket, I am at the end of the line. At 12pm, staff let us know the ""fatty brisket"" sold out. It is so hot here (Sep, 101°F) bring you hat, comfortable shoes/sandal, sunglasses, light jacket to cover, bottle so you can refill water (restaurant have water and sunscreen for guests).

We order lean brisket, chopped brisket, the beef rib and sausage. All are so good, order to go the smoked pecan pie."
BBQ HAS JUST GOT BETTER THAN TEXAS HERE IN THE AZ. Food was great. Location the best. Customer Service Excellet.  Can't wait to try the ribs . Brisket and Pulled Pork with beans and potatoe salad was the best I have tasted in years since JD Hogg was open. They sale it by the weight so don't let your eyes be bigger than your belly  .  Enjoy.
"Not like they need another 5 star review, but I do check out all the BBQ places in town and this place is top notch.  They basically sell-out the brisket every-day, but don't worry, you can get the ends for $2/lb...until they sell out of that too.  Long lines but I went at like 230PM and almost no one was there, but they were sold out of brisket too...worth the line and the wait, good times!"
"What else can I say about this place that has not already been covered? Its amazing. Simply put! The brisket is oh so yummy and the pecan pie is delicious -- and I normally don't even like pecan pie! The sides aren't much to write home about. I wish they had more options such as cornbread or greens... but you go to a BBQ joint for the meats, right?? Definitely would recommend and have recommended to friends who come to visit and coworkers!"
"People ask me ""is it worth it stand in line for 2 hours for bbq"" normally it would be insane, but here it is normal and worth it."
"WOW!!! That's is really all I have to say...I read many reviews on this place and had been wanting to try it for a while. I didn't know whether it would live up to the hype, but all I can say is that the 1 1/2 hour wait was more than worth it. As soon as I had a taste of the fatty brisket, I was in heaven and fell in love with this place, I would definitely recommend you try it at least once and get there at least 30 minutes before opening so you can avoid to long of a line. I can't wait to go back and this time I hope I can try the turkey breast because by the time I got to the front of the line it had sold out :( I arrived at 10:40 and there were at least 30 peeps already in front of us, but man was it worth! Loved it and now I see why everyone raves about this place."
"Best Brisket in the valley! Some of the other meats just aren't as good and that is not to suggest there bad. The brisket is just that good. It runs out often so get there early. Get the grits, the El Jefe, and the mustard bbq sauce with a few pounds of brisket to go."
"Delicious food! I got there at 11:30 and there was probably a 20 minute wait but it was well worth every minute!! Service was great too, they were very friendly and gave us some samples. I will definitely be back."
"Prepare to be schooled on what BBQ really is and what it always should be when you step into Little Miss BBQ.  Smoked with real wood.  Salt and pepper.  Simple sides. Low heat.  Your search for the real thing outside of Texas will finally be over!  It is true central Texas style BBQ right in the middle of Arizona.  Forget Famous Dave's and even Bobby Q's.  

Don't be fooled by the quirky location because it is an oasis in the middle of an industrial area and seedy strip joints.  Scott and Bekke (and Travis, their assistant pitmaster) have really created a place where everything about the BBQ community come together.  They took their expertise from traveling around Austin and several of their famous BBQ spots, like Franklin's, and brought it smack dab to the middle of a place that needed it. 

I've been 3 times now and it gets better with every visit.  Get there between 11-11:30 so you won't miss out on anything.  On each visit, they have been making more and more food though.  But you know what?...there's just something about getting there early and lining up for what I can guarantee will be well worth your time. Plus?  The line moves fast anyway! LMB are the nicest set of people and love what they do.  Ask them anything and they'll gladly give you the time of day.  Good service and delicious food?!  Yes please!!  Buy it by the pound or get yourself a two-meat plate, or the El Jefe (brisket, sausage, coleslaw, house sauce sandwich).

Here's a run down of what I've shoveled into my mouth:

Brisket - Scott lets you choose the lean or fatty side of the brisket and you will get a melt-in-your-mouth sample too!  Has an insane smoke ring on it.  Bark is flavorful.

Pork Ribs - Nice and peppery...Includes the short rib too!

Pork - Mild smokey flavor and the perfect combination of juicy and tender

Sausage - Made in-house with a slight kick and perfectly juicy too.  Did I mention I usually hate sausage?  I couldn't get enough of this!  

Beef Belly - LMB's special on Wednesdays, beefy and tender.  Definitely try it out.

Jalapeno Cheese Grits - creamy, cheesy, and the right kind of kick...never have I EVER wanted to touch grits before, but these come highly recommended by LMB, so I tried it and brought home a pint during this last visit.  Mmmmm mmmmm goooooood!

Coleslaw - Best I've ever had...this has a tang to it and is nothing like the icky mayonnaise-based stuff served everywhere else

Potato Salad - Red potatoes and the right amount of everything.  Complete opposite of the mushy stuff you get at delis

Beans - Includes brisket.  Did you hear me?  It has brisket in it!!  Spicy and oh so delicious with a smoky taste to it.  No clue what is in it, but does it even matter?!  Get some!

If you aren't wiping drool off your little iPhone or keyboard right now, then perhaps knowing they also have pastrami on Thursdays, beef short ribs (of the Flintstone variety) on Fridays and Saturdays, and even Pot de Creme on occasion for dessert will make your salivary glands realize what they are missing out on!

Go. Get. You. Some!!!!"
Best BBQ in AZ!!!! Definitely worth the drive to check this place out. The food was amazing! Staff and employees are very friendly and the environment was fun! Definitely the best bbq in Arizona!
Thank you for the delicious meal and the dog bone.! Excellent customer service and AMAZING BBQ! See you next time!
This place is delicious. All their meats and sides are to die for. And the pecan pie for dessert is dangerous. A must try for BBQ lovers. Just be prepared to wait in line as it is a popular little place.
"I really was expecting more from this place.  The line waiting for the place to open reminded me of Franklin's in Texas, I was salivating.  The people are super friendly, but the food is average at best.  Everybody has their own opinion and their own tastes, and maybe I came on an off day, but I was disappointed by the food, and the price."
"It took 2 hrs and 30 minutes standing in line to get my food. Meanwhile they passed some samples of their beef, pork,and jalapeno sausage to everybody in line. I definitely recommend this place if you are in Tempe/Phoenix area."
"When my wife told me that we needed to get a ticket for lunch at 9am I responded "" I won't go!"". I was there at 9am and met some great people. I stacked the 10 stone pyramid and received a free pie designation on my ticket. We did wait 2 hours, ate 2 pieces of sausage and a piece of brisket while waiting. It was the best brisket and pork ribs that I ever had. The beans and grits were great too! And we loved the pie. Overall it was a great way to spend a Saturday morning/ lunch time. I had fun and the food was great. This is the reward I get for following my wife's direction!!!!"
"Heard about this place and had to try it when I went to Phoenix. Took 2 friends with and at first they were skeptical.  Told them we were from out of town and they set us up with Ribs, Sausage, Pulled Pork and Brisket...WOW. Makes me want to move down there so I can go back. It is one of the best BBQ places I have been to. Don't let the looks fool you, this place is definitely worth going to if you like (love) BBQ. The folks there are very friendly & helpful!"
Absolutely The Best BBQ. Hands Down!  Their Brisket is unbelievable. Everything I have eaten there is just the most delicious. I never turn down an opportunity to get some.
"When I don't cook my own BBQ I come here. This place is the real deal!!! I have had almost everything from their brisket, turkey, sausage, baby back ribs, beef ribs, and most of their sandwiches and sides. I myself cook a killer brisket at home and when I go to other places I always am like this place doesn't touch my brisket.....well I found my match Little Miss BBQ I think makes better brisket than me!!! And to think I make my brisket with tender low and slow love. Somebody has mad BBQ skills. MY HAT IS OFF TO YOU LITTLE MISS BBQ."
"Damn, that was some awesome BBQ. Most people come for the brisket but trust me the Je'fe sandwich with sliced sausage and chopped brisket is hard to beat. Get there way early for lunch or wait in a long line. No matter either way as its worth every mouth watering minute. Besides they pass out samples when in line."
"I reiterate ""Simply the best BBQ in Phoenix...end of discussion"". I have taken several people to LMBBQ, and each one, with no prompting or set up, has said basically the same thing when Scott (the proprietor) gives them a sample of brisket. They have said either ""Oh my"" or ""Oh my God"", without exception. Happened again today. That is remarkable and a better review than all the flowery language one can muster. This is great Q. 

Keeping smokin' that delicious meat Scott."
"Finally got out the new Sunnyslope location to give this spot a try! My husband had gone to the old location and raved about the food. He is a huge BBQ fan and says this is the best he has ever had, period. 

We arrived around 6:30pm and there a was line out the door and down the side walk. We debated waiting since its cold outside but we braved the weather and waited. And I mean waited... we waited in line for an hour. The restaurant itself is a decent size and most the tables while we were waiting were empty. The way this restaurant is set up is there down fall in my opinion. You wait in line, place your order, than seat yourself and wait for your food to be brought out to you. Service is SLOW. The line moved way slower than it needed to... maybe they need more staff slicing the meat. But with half of the tables empty and an hour wait in line I did not think the flow was efficient at all. This place would be a weekly stop for us if it was fast casual food but you need to plan your day around this visit so unfortunately its more like a once every couple months stop for us. 

Now although the service is slow, everyone was super friendly. Our cashier had a great energy to her and knew exactly what to recommend to us.  

I got the two meat plate with turkey and brisket with brussels sprouts and coleslaw as my sides. The turkey was SO MOIST and flavorful, the best turkey I have ever tasted. The brisket was super soft and had tons of flavor as well.. it was a tad on the dry side and my hubby said the last time he came he remembered the brisket being a little more juicy. The brussel sprouts were great and definitely full of flavor - they were cooked in the fat of the brisket. The coleslaw was good, just a normal coleslaw and exactly what you would expect. 

The house made sauces made the meal even better. My favorite being the tangy mustard sauce. 

Overall - great food.. wish they would rethink the flow of the entire restaurant so we could come more often."
"Amazing Texas-style BBQ. Tried a little everything with my wife. Sausage, pulled pork, ribs, brisket, beans, jalapeño cheddar grits and potato salad with pecan pie to end it . Have to admit the pulled pork was a little lacking on flavor but was very moist and tender. The sausage was amazing and flavorful. The briskest's charred rub left me speechless. And the ribs seasoning was great. Would absolutely recommend it to anyone in search of good BBQ in Arizona."
"Searching yelp and noticed this place had such a high rating with a lot of reviewers. This was a must stop place. I heard the food runs out fast and the lines are crazy in the morning. I was not up to stand in the sun for an hour to get food here. So my friend and I decided to go a little later near their closing time. 

Yes, some items were gone, but we got some chopped brisket at least. I got a plate of brisket with coleslaw, bread, and grits. The meat was good, but wouldn't call it amazing! The sides were ok. Grits were a bit salty but had good texture. The coleslaw was too watery/mayo. My friend's potatoes salad side was good. I think I missed out on the good meat on the menu? It did run out. 

The people working there showed good service."
This is the type of roadside BBQ I miss that we had in Kanas City. We arrived late on a Saturday. They only had chopped brisket left. Not my favorite BBQ meat but we tried it. It was good. I was surprised they had cheese grits. I have not had these since my grandmother made them in Georgia. These grits were very good. The chopped brisket was good. I like the outdoor setting on the picnic tables near the smokers. I will be back to try the ribs.  Dry nice people who work here and great customer service.
"After I missed my chance the first time and went to wrong University location in the east valley instead of the airport area, I finally experienced what everyone has been raving about.  I got there a little after 11AM, line was already formed and parking lot was full. Luckily, there was only one parking space left.  Thanks to the owner's dad guiding the traffic and handed out bottle water for people as they waited. 

The line moved slowly, but once inside you get to sample the different meats while the owner, Scott takes out from the warmer and craves them. We ordered the brisket, house made sausage, pork spare ribs, turkey breast, and potato salad. All the meats were so tender, falls off the bone, and so well seasoned. No bbq sauce needed the flavor is in the meat.  I think that's the way BBQ should be done. 

Seating: There aren't many tables inside. Expect to wait for one if you want inside a/c. They do have outside seating with shade. 

Note: they usually sell out fast.  If you arrived after 1PM on the weekend, most of the good stuff are gone.  As other Yelpers indicated, go early!

We had a chance to chat with the owner's wife and dad.  They have been competing in the BBQ circuit for a long time.  They also won numerous top awards nationally.  I am really glad they decided to stop competing and settle in Arizona.  Go support this mom & pop place.  Great little place,definitely worth a visit!"
"This place has the most delicious bque. The brisket is our family favorite. I've ordered it for thanksgiving and it did not disappoint. Prepare to wait a bit, but you'll be happy you did."
"Hands down the best BBQ in Arizona!! That's right I said it!! The staff was great, the line was long, but most importantly the food was AMAZING! I would give it 10 stars if I could! I'm super excited for the new location!"
"Best BBQ ever! Saw some friends come here during spring training and I had to check it out while visiting family the next week. Got here at 10:15 (for an 11am opening) to avoid being too far back in line, but boy was it worth it! I appreciated that they provided us water and samples during the wait (only making my mouth water even more). The owner was very friendly and I can tell he cares about his customers and his food.

Let me just say - it's all about the fatty brisket! The rub they use is perfectly seasoned and the meat melts in your mouth. The homemade sausages are very juicy and not greasy like some places, with a good blend of pepper and spices in it. The pulled pork was also tasty. The beans were delicious and had nice chunks of meat in it, and the grits weren't too bad either. Not as good heated up (obviously) but my family still devoured them. I didn't get to try the ribs but that will be on my list for next time.

Trust me - this place is legit and well worth the wait!"
"I can't say many things will get me to stand outside in the (AZ) Summer heat and wait for two hours. But today was a special day. It was my husband's birthday. All year I had promised him I would stand in line for his all time favorite place. We got there at 9am and were first in line. Thankful for the chairs and misters. But it was still hot. Eventually people started showing up and the line built up.
Customer service is great! The guys and gal constantly were outside greeting the customers and chatting with everyone. Insuring everyone stayed hydrated. They didn't look at us like we were crazy. Lol. 
Finally 11 came and the doors opened. Everything you pick is cut fresh. My husband wanted his tray of bbq and his tray is what we got. Ribs, turkey, brisket, sausage, potato salad and beans! They were kind enough to throw in the pecan pie for the birthday boy. Even though he would have ordered it regardless. Lol. 

Needless to say we have leftovers for the next couple days! My favorite is the turkey and sausage. Very flavorful and the turkey is not dry like one would expect for a smoked turkey. I loved the spicy sauce and sweet and tangy sauce. 
I'm not a big bbq fan but this place does it right. 

Can't wait for them to expand to their new restaurant. Hopefully we won't have to wait outside there. ;) 

They're ranked #2 on all time fav Yelp places. Let's get them to #1!"
I love beef rib. I'm not going to pay that kind of money for that. I can make my own beef ribs
"After all the hype and the long waiting in line, it wasn't as good as I was hoping. Hard to recommend since I don't feel the wait is worth the it.  I wouldn't mind so much if I could just go in, grab some BBQ and eat. If you happen to be driving by and there is no crowd by all means give it a try."
Best bbq HANDS DOWN!!! They run out of food so make sure your are there at 11 for opening or BEFORE! The line gets long but it is SOO worth it!
"Visited 1st time today at lunch. Why fly to Austin when Little Miss BBQ does it up just right here in Phoenix? 
Looking forward to my next visit. GET HERE EARLY, don't delay or you will miss out!"
"As a Texas boy and great BBQ fan, I've been to a number of BBQ meccas across the USA.

I make it a point to get back to Little Miss BBQ whenever I get a chance with some free time in Phoenix.

The parking lot is not the biggest, but they are well organized by lining up cars on the road to wait.  If you're impatient, you can park less than five minutes away off 44th.

Be prepared to wait for a little bit.  If things are busy, it will likely take an hour to get through the line, but the wait is well worth it.  While you're in line, there is free water and good conversation.

Normally, I resort to smoking my own brisket when I've got a hankering, but it is really nice to have a place that appreciates simple seasoning, good bark, great moisture, and the right amount of pull.

You won't go wrong with some fatty brisket.  If you're lucky, there will be pastrami available... Order it.  Don't be shy about sampling once you're in the door.  Also, order an extra pound to take home. You won't regret it."
"The short: Even before the 2.5-hour wait, I'd decided to order EVERYTHANG on the menu. It was worth the wait. This is the best Q I've ever had.

The long: I had a Friday off and decided to take advantage of my middle-class privilege to finally try this out. They have a big, tall sign, but don't blink or you might miss the building tucked back on the south side of University--it doesn't look like much from the street side. I got there at 10:15, 45 minutes before it even opens, and there were already a lot of people waiting. Parking sucks. I snagged the last legitimate spot, but several cars who came after I'd gotten my ticket to mark my place in line schooled me in how to build my own spot for next time. Several more spaces opened as people who'd arrived early to get their preorders got their stuff and left. I don't know where you park if the lot is full since there's no street parking on University. The person manning the ticket-giving was nice enough to give me two tickets for my friend who was en route. Tickets were useful to hold your place in line without actually having to stand in line before the place opens. Once the line queues up, they stop giving out tickets--you just stand in line. If you need/want to sit, there are folding camping chairs for you. 

It was good to have a friend to wait with, but I just Zen out during waits, so they don't usually bother me. One of the staffers came by a few times offering slices of sausage to feed the animals, and we were all glad for it. Oh man, that sausage was so good--a nice little kick from the jalapenos, smoky, juicy. If there's a way to improve it, I can't imagine it. There was also a big cooler filled with water for us, and the guy with the tickets were really nice about thanking us for waiting. Considerate service really goes a long way. During the weight, the ticket guy also went along the line to officially announce that turkey was starting to run a little low and fatty brisket might last another hour, so that was also nice. Right before the door, there's a big planter filled with stones and a challenge to stack ten stones to win a free pie. I couldn't do it in the short time left before going in, but I'm dead set on going there in the middle of the night to figure out how to do it. Because Bekke's smoked pecan pie is worth it!

Inside, the guy manning the carving knife handed those of us in arm's reach tastes of brisket he'd trim off of preceding orders, and that was so awesome. It looked and smelled so good, we didn't think twice about taking the offerings with our bare hands. All the people working the line were friendly and fun! I ordered two Jefe sandwiches with potato salad and all the trimmings (sauce, onions, jalapenos, and pickles) for a couple of friends, a big beef rib, which they only have on Fridays and Saturdays, and two mixed-meat plates with pulled pork, ribs, smoked turkey, and fatty brisket with potato salad, coleslaw, beans, and grits for my side. I also got a smoked pecan pie but was dumb and fended off the cashier's pitch to get me to buy a pumpkin Nutella pie. I'm a fool. It was probably as awesome as the pumpkin pie. 

A bunch of that food I ordered went straight into the fridge because I was going on a road trip, so I grabbed my friends' Jefes (they made nomming sounds the whole drive) and I grabbed the turkey and brisket with coleslaw and potato salad since I figured they wouldn't keep as well. My trouble with brisket is it's usually tough or dry or both. Every Q place I've tried in Arizona has failed to give me consistently good brisket. It's such a crap shoot, I just don't order it anymore. This brisket slayed me. And the turkey was also moist and tender--and this is white meat! I hate white mean on turkey. It might be edible or just all right, but this was seriously good. The potato salad had a nice tiny kick and wasn't baby food soft, and the coleslaw was crunchy-fresh and tasty--better than standard. When I got home a couple of days later, I devoured the pie. I don't know if they bake the pies then put them in smokers for a bit, but even the short crust had a yummy smokiness--sounds weird, but it was delicious. It was a solidly good pecan pie by itself--plenty sticky sweet without feeling like mouthfuls of diabetes. I had the pulled pork and grits for lunch the next day, and the pork was totally unctuous--meltingly soft and moist and smoky good. I had a big bit of crust from the pork shoulder, and it was so flavorful. I had the ribs and beans for dinner, and they were also still moist and soft and yummy. A part of the beef rib was today's lunch, and again, I couldn't tell it had been living in the fridge for days. It was so juicy and smoky--a carnivore's nirvana. That goes for all the meats I tried. 

Was it worth the 2.5-hour wait? Yes. Would it be worth buying nearly $100 worth of meat to meet the minimum preorder amount, avoid the wait, and walk outta there early? Also yes. I'm already planning that for next time."
"Meat, meat, meat. I wish I lived closer damnit. If you don't come early, they will run out of fatty brisket! You could cry if they do, but you won't cause they have so many other great options to keep you happy! In love with the house sauce, brisket, and ribs! There were small morsels of fatty parts in the brisket I received, so I can't imagine how good the actual fatty brisket is. I wish I stayed another day just to try the fatty brisket. Love that they don't cut until you order. 

They could up the ante on the sides part of the menu in terms of flavor, but that's not what we're here for right? If I were to change my order, it would consist of straight up meat.

Their smoked pecan pie is out of this world!"
Absolutely the best brisket I have ever had!  Worth the wait!  The jalapeño sausage and smoked pecan pie were just icing on the cake!
Best BBQ I've ever had. There beef rib is too die for! The line is long but worth the wait.
I love this place from the meats to the sides. Worth the wait. Always buy extra and take home to freeze.
Best Brisket is AZ for sure! Owners are super friendly and love that it's family operated. You can not miss this spot if you consider yourself a BBQ lover. See you there!
"Hands down the best BBQ that I have ever had in my 24 years of existence. I came into town for the weekend to visit a friend and she mentioned that she has been meaning to try this place. 

We arrived about 9 AM, received a ticket and promptly waited until 10:30 till we had to lineup, we were marked at the 18 minute mark in the fence, in reality it took around 30-45 minutes due to the large orders that were ahead of us (there are misters underneath the patio area). 

While in line you can smell the aroma of the meat cooking, an employee was also going down the line offering samples to those that were waiting to give a little taste of what was to come. 

Once inside you are greeted by a butcher cutting up the variety of meats on their menu to your liking, he will also give you a sample of the brisket! 

We ordered the following. 
1 Beef Rib
2 plate w/ 2 brisket beans and grits 
2 plate w/ pulled pork & pork rib and potato salad and coleslaw 
Pecan pie
Sausage on the side

Color me impressed, the size of the beef rib was as large as my forearm, the brisket melted in our mouths, the pork was so tender it literally tasted like butter. The sausage was a pork cheddar jalapeño and it was incredible, nice crunch but not to much. 

All of the side were EXCEPTIONAL, I normally don't have potato salad but this one was awesome!! 
Don't forget to get the grits too!!

We just ate the pecan pie after we got home since we were so full and that was mouth watering. 

Overall 5/5 Stars, I will come back in town just for this bbq joint. Well worth your time and money.


I overheard that they will also be opening a restaurant at 7th and Dunlap pretty soon so keep a lookout for that!"
"Love the name.  Love the place.   In my head, I call them Little Miss Sunshine.  They are a bright spot in a really industrial part of town.   They are a shining star for BBQ, in Arizona and Texas.

Yelp fans raved about the brisket.  I tried the brisket and was not especially pleased.  But I'm not really a brisket kind of a guy.  Give me the pork ribs.   Those ribs are delicious with the right amount of peppery taste.  Didn't require sauce but I tried it any way.  I think that if we poured the sauce on eggplant (I hate eggplant), eggplant would be my favorite food.

This is a Coke establishment  (yay!) with limited seating (just a handful of tables).   I really wish they would add a mac & cheese option for a side.

I'm definitely bringing my Texas in-laws here to try it out.   Last December we went on a small tour of Texas BBQs and Little Miss BBQ can stand toe to toe against any of them.   

So really this is more of a 4.5 star place but I'm going to round up for the super friendly service."
"Never again!

Food is excellent BUT it is not worth waiting an hour plus in line. The long wait is caused by the staff. They are sooooo slow in getting customers through the line. 

Avoid this place unless you take a 2+ hour lunches. 

Improve service and I will be back."
Food is awesome!   They get three stars because wait is usually over 45 minutes in line and there is no place to park.
They catered to a company lunch/party and this had to be the best meat I've ever tasted. Or at least close to it. I recommend the spicy sauce as a side (its not spicy at all). I did not try the other sauces but im sure its good. Anyways I highly recommend this place.
"The wait sucked, and I left my wife and uncle in line and went to Jack in the Box down the street. I brought back a burger to eat while we waited on the slowest moving line ever. Once we finally got to the front of the line, the hospitality and service was excellent. They hand cut fresh every serving of brisket, ribs, etc. 
The food was fantastic. We had pork ribs, brisket, turkey, sausage and the beans as a side dish. Everything was great except the wait. I definitely want the food again, but I think I'll just get there around 2:00pm and eat whatever's left."
"I don't often believe the hype on yelp, but the reviewers for Little Miss BBQ have been pretty spot on.  My wife is a brisket snob having spent years in Austin.  Seeing reviewers say this place is better than the Salt Lick had her sarcastically turning her eyes... so good thing she agreed to try this place!

The Best: 
The brisket is definitely their signature piece.  The meat was perfectly tender, and the dry rub gave the meat a delicious smoky flavor.  And here's the real test for tenderness - even after the meat was cold, it was still juicy and tender (some other places tend to dry out quickly).

One of the owners (Scott?) was also extremely friendly and a great small business owner.  Someone in front of us asked how the sausage was today, and he readily admitted that the day's batch was mediocre - a bit mealy.  He even gave the guy a sample to make sure he still wanted it.  

The Good: 
The pork ribs were pretty good - solid smokey flavor, and very tender.  Ultimately, it was not ""award winning"" tasty.  That said, these ribs would've been deemed very good had we not already been influenced by the amazing brisket.

The Eh:
Pulled pork was good, but lacking flavor.  They have some very good barbecue sauce - I believe home made - on the tables that work very well with the pulled pork.  However, my personal test for barbecue is always how it tastes without sauce, so the lower rating.  That said, the pulled pork was still very tender.

Parking - we got there first thing in the morning on a Tuesday, and I'm guessing many people had a hankering given their closed Sunday and Monday.  I had to circle around for a while to get parking - but the parking opened up just before noon.

Overall - definitely a 5-star place given how amazing their brisket is.  The price is a little higher thank most places, but the quality is definitely way better than anything else around here (including the Salt Lick!)"
So this is the only 5 star BBQ place I've ever seen! The brisket is the best I've ever had...shhh don't tell my husband! The mustard sauce is my FAVORITE!
"Where am I? The south, or the west coast!?? Seriously THEE best BBQ I've ever had. EVERYTHING was delightful. The beans, the grits, and the pecan pie were necessary sides. And the beef brisket, TO DIE FOR! As was the pulled pork, and sausage. Not to mention their BBQ sauces - all three were amazing, though you don't even need to use them because the meat is so flavorful and juicy and perfect without them. If you are in the Phoenix area and haven't experienced LMB's you are not living!"
Waited in line 1 hour before they open. Probably 10 people ahead of me. They provide bottle waters for everyone for waiting in the heat (105*F). Got the briskets and ribs combo with 2 sides (bean & potato salad). They were good but not the best to be waiting 1 hour for. Briskets were super tender and nicely smoke. Ribs were just ok. I think Rolling Smoke in Vegas is better with no hour long wait.
"It's one of the best barbeques, but not the  best. Their brisket is really good, pulled pork with a special sauce is delicious. But other items on the menu are pretty blah. People are friendly, this place attracts good crowd. And the best part is that it smells really nice here, the smell of the barbeque is the best!"
"What a gem! I am so glad we stumbled on this place. The service was friendly, the food was amazing. We sampled a little bit of everything and it was SO good. The house sauce is amazing. The meat just melts in your mouth. I am in love. I only wish we lived closer - but totally worth the 6 and a half hour drive! The sides were well seasoned and yummy. The grits tasted like macaroni and cheese, the beans - hoooo boy, and the potato salad was just perfect. 

Definitely check this place out. You won't be disappointed."
I would not normally wait in line for long periods of time for anything particularly bbq-but I said normally. This is absolute the best bbq ever and worth the wait! If you go to Phoenix this little hidden gem should be on your destination list!
"Bring some patience if you show up when they open, 1 hr wait easy. Showing up at 1300 will save you some time but they might run out of your favorite. 

Brisket was outstanding. Liked the spicy BBQ sauce. 

Was worth the wait."
"If you ever wondered ""how good can meat actually be?"" - coming here will answer that question.  This place is everything good.  It is the best real barbecue that I have ever had.  The owner and staff here are super friendly, relaxed, and truly care about what they are doing.  The first person you see prepares your plate.  I think that was the owner (he had that ""I'm the owner"" sort of vibe.  Very cool dude).    His attention to the product and his level of quality control are gold standard.   Please understand, however, that you will wait in line.  And you will be happy that you did.  

Try to get here before noon on Friday to experience the beef rib.  But if you don't get that opportunity, literally anything else on the menu is great.  I tried it all."
"Literally the best Brisket in all of AZ, maybe the SouthWest. However, everything else is just average at best. Long wait is not justified, but speaks to the other poor bbq options in the area."
"I don't say this lightly but this was very easily some of the best barbecue I've ever had. I had brisket and beans during my trip and both were exceptional. The line will be long but the quality of food is superb. I would suggest going early, to prevent your disappointment of things that are sold out. This is a definite must go!"
"There has been so much Hype for this place I was hoping it would not be a let down. 

I read all the reviews and the long lines and how the restaurant will run out of certain popular items so I decided to arrive at 10:15 am and wait until the restaurant opens at 11:00 am. As I got to the restaurant parking lot which is very small there is a person directing traffic later to find out he is the father of Scott the owner of LMB. Arriving at LMB at 10:15 am there were 10 people already in line. I got a parking space and got in line to wait. 

Many of the people in line were repeat customers and had great tips on what and what not to order. But there was one common thing to order - Brisket. 

So my order was for take out which later I found out and find this as a great tip to share, if you order 5 lbs of meat you can call in ahead 2 or 3 days and you don't have to wait in line. HELLO!!

I ordered 2 lbs of Fatty Brisket,  1 lb of Pork Ribs, 1 lb of Pulled Pork and 1 lb of Beef Ribs. The beef rib was massive so it was only one rib which I asked for the center cut rib. I also ordered the sausage,  jalapeño cheese grits, beans and Pecan Pie.

I truly have to say this is the best BBQ I have ever had. The brisket was tender and juicy and Scott let everyone sample. It is truly a prize it itself eating the brisket. Best Brisket ever, don't know how to convey how good it is. The pork ribs meat just falls off the bone, the sausage is home made from the brisket need I say more. The beef rib is good but compared to the brisket and Pork Ribs it is okay. The beef ribs were available for the day I was there. 

The sausage is very good along with the Pecan pie. 

The jalapeño cheese grits were good but I could pass on the beans and maybe the pulled pork.

Scott the owner is carving everything you order and very people friendly with his conversation.  

It is a small place where Scott carves the meat another person takes your order with the sides and then there is a cashier. The counter is about 15 feet long.

Little Miss BBQ is now my standard for BBQ leaving Phil's BBQ in San Diego,  Lucille's BBQ and Rudy's BBQ in the dust.

If you don't try Little Miss BBQ you are only settling for second best."
"How to describe their BBQ??....... Out of this world delicious!! Seriously we probably waited an 1 1/2 to get in to order & I do not regret even 1 second of that time. Wow oh wow. The food is so good that the staff could be the worse & I would overlook it to eat there. But that is not the case @ all!! The staff is even more awesome then their food. They are super friendly, informative & make you feel like family. Even though they are super busy they still make time to make sure you are ok & if you need anything. 
Menu:
Buy by the pound 
Sandwiches
1 meat 2 sides
2 meat 2 sides $16
I only know the 2 meat price because that is what we got.
The chopped brisket & pork ribs were superb their house BBQ is amazing. 
A MUST stop if you are anywhere within a 2 days drive"
"Without a doubt the BEST BBQ in AZ!!!
Only negative is the wait.
Scott & Becky keep it up.
My entirely family loves Scott's passion."
"This is the BEST place for BBQ in all of AZ! I've been coming here for over 2 years. No matter where else I go, I always come back here. So here is the run down of the BEST BBQ in AZ.

Fatty Brisket is super tender & flavorful, plus it is their #1 seller.  The rub compliments the meat perfectly. Not overly peppered like some other rubs. You have to get here most days early to guarantee yourself some of the fatty Brisket! 

Pork Ribs are baby back cut. Very tender but the meat clings to to bone to get the perfect pull when you bite. 

Sausage is house made daily & is given out as a sample before they open & during the long line wait after they open.

They also have pulled pork & smoked Turkey. Both are excellent but take side fiddle to the Brisket, Ribs and sausage. 

If you are going with a friend, I suggest you each get a 2 meat plate so you can try multiple meats. Don't be afraid to share there. A lot of people do it because there is so much good food!

Don't forget to save room for the Smoked Pecan Pie! They are individual size so you won't be too stuffed from it. 

So please try this place! It won't let you down!"
"Overview: Little Miss BBQ is a painfully popular BBQ joint located in the heart of Phoenix on University St that serves brisket, pulled pork, sausage, lamb, and a few other delicious meats (I think chicken?) prepared in the finest manner. They offer grits, cole slaw, beans, and potato salad that are all very well seasoned and amazing (but not quite as amazing as their meat.) Expect to pay about $20/person when you come here if you get a drink and tip a little.

The Establishment: Little Miss BBQ is a mostly outdoor restaurant that accomodates large groups well (picnic table style) but still has a small indoor eating area for couples or small groups. It's also ridiculously packed all the time and your wait time will easily by more than 30 minutes no matter when you come here. The nice thing is that because they know they're so popular, there are multiple parking attendants to help direct traffic in their very crowded parking lot (people arrive 45 minutes before opening to make sure they have parking), sprinklers to cool you down as you wait in the 30+ minute lines, and free water bottles as well. 

The Food: I ate the brisket, the sausage, all four sides, white bread, and pickles, and felt like I was in meat nirvana. Everything is so juicy and soft, and the fat just melts in your mouth. It's quite a remarkable experience that has to be experienced firsthand. The only thing that isn't spectacular here is the white bread as it's just.... white bread. A plate of meat with a few sides will be around $16 not including a drink or tip. Arizona iced tea is about $2.

Conclusions: Little Miss BBQ is the real deal, and I hope they don't keep raising their prices as I hope everyone can enjoy this experience. Never have I been so impressed by slow-cooked meat and boy do I wish that i had a BBQ place like this in Long Beach, CA."
"First- if this was just a review for the brisket - I'd give it six stars. It's unbelievable. 

Now to the full review. I'm from Kansas City and have competed in BBQ competitions before, so I like to think I have a decent feel for BBQ. I'll start out by saying that Little Miss BBQ is your best BBQ choice in the Phoenix Area by far. It's worth the wait. That being said, they were out of pulled pork (my favorite) when we placed our order due to a warmer issue, so I'll acknowledge this can't be a complete review. I also didn't try ribs. Looks like on weekends they have beef ribs, which based on the brisket, are probably great. 

Brisket: As a proclaimed Texas-Style BBQ joint, I expected the brisket to be top-notch. And it was. They hand-cut it thick with the fat and it's got an amazing crust and deep smoke ring. Many places don't cook the brisket long enough in my opinion, which leads to chewy meat and little flavor. LMBBQ had it perfect as it was falling apart. I did not want to even waste the flavor by putting it between bread. Much better than anything I've found in KC, though to be fair, brisket isn't usually the main focus in KC compared to Texas. Even with the seemingly long cooking time, the meat wasn't charred or over-smokey. 

Turkey: Hand sliced, thick and juicy. Usually I skip over BBQ turkey for the red meats, but I had seconds of this. Perfectly cooked, and worth ordering for the lower-fat option. 

Sausage: They advertise as made in house, and damnit it's good. It's a small-grind spicy pork sausage with chunks of what look to be jalapenos in it. Some people might not like the texture, but I enjoyed the spice. Sausage can be an area where a restaurant cheaps-out or doesn't give much attention to, but not LMBBQ. 

Beans: They had chunks of brisket in them, but they really left something to be desired. No taste, not much moisture in them either. Understanding the Texas origins of the style, I guess they make sense as these are basically just ranchero beans with scraps of brisket, but beans can make or break a BBQ meal for me. 1/5 stars for these. 

Sauce: Was confused a little on this one. The sauce was thin, light-brown and sugar-based, with maybe some fruit flavor? It wasn't bad, but just too sweet for me. The spicy sauce was better, but that's not for everyone. I will admit that I'm  biased toward KC-style tomato-based thicker sauces, so you should take that into account too. Carolina BBQ lovers probably don't like either style. All in all, it was fine, as the meat really didn't need a sauce. 

Sides: The Cheesy-Jalpeno grits were pretty damn good, and I'm not a huge grits fan. It's something a little different but pairs well with the food. The coleslaw was nothing spectacular. Was a medium-thick white base, but tasted more or less store bought. One thing they don't have is Freedom (french) Fries. Not a game changer for me, but I know some like it, especially if you have kids. 

Summary: Awesome meats, OK sides, and Phoenix should feel lucky you have this good of BBQ in the area. I'd give it 5 stars except they didn't have pulled pork available and the sides aren't given the attention they should. 

Since the seating is so limited and the wait so long, next time I go, I'll order the meats to go by themselves. I'll be sure to try the beef ribs and pulled pork. You should give it a try, too."
"My daughter and son-in-law had a meal in October at the original Little Miss BBQ.  They are huge barbecue ""fiends"" and always try to find the best place wherever they travel.  After they had finished their Little Miss BBQ meal, while they were still nibbling, I received a phone call with them both on the line.  They couldn't say how fantastic the food was.  It was all I heard for weeks once they got home.  I was going to be in the Phoenix area and went to the new location right when they first opened.  Yes, there is a long wait, but everyone in line is there to enjoy the Entire Experience.  Lots of good chatting as we waited.  The Reviews and my ""guys"" were absolutely right ""BEST EVER"" barbeque, not to mention the pecan pie.  For her birthday, my daughter got 2 bottles of the sauce (the mustard and the spicy) and a T Shirt, and my son-in-law got the regular sauce and a T Shirt.  Lots of celebrating!!!"
"This was amazing BBQ.  The Jefe sandwich was awesome.  I even ate the pecan pie, even though I was full from eating my entire dinner!"
"This place is honestly a solid 4 stars in my opinion. Saw the glowing reviews on yelp and decided to check it out. My boyfriend was a bit hesitant when I warned him of the hour + wait. Parking is a bit compacted and was full when we first arrived around 1130, but eventually we could park. The wait didn't seem that bad (but I don't mind waiting if it is worthwhile). We talked to other BBQ goers about what they wanted to order, etc to pass the time. They do provide complimentary water and when you get close to the front if you can stack 10 stones and snap a picture they will give you a free smoke pecan pie. Speaking of the pie... it's great! I do not even like pecan pie normally and I ate one by myself. Now to main feature... THE MEAT. I thought the fatty brisket was worth it. So good. Never had anything comparable... everything else was good but not note worthy. They had almost ran out of pulled pork by the time we were helped (~1245) but my boyfriend didn't even finish the sandwich. The flavor was just ok. I also had the smoked turkey. It was good and moist, but again not note worthy. We had beans, potato salad and grits as our sides and again, good but nothing to write home about. Overall good experience, good service and good food, but just good not great."
"This was some of the BEST DAMN BBQ!!! The meat was tender and juicy along with the delicious chedder jalapeño grits you can't go wrong with ""Little Miss BBQ"" of Phoenix!!! Also the customer service was SPLENDID!!!! THANKS GUY'S!!!!"
"the brisket was true Texas style.  Some of the best I have had.....ok the best I have ever had.  The pulled pork sandwich was too little for too much.  Pass on it and stick with the brisket and pecan pie.  I will be back, the owners dad very nice man running the parking lot.  I would come back once a week.  I would like to try the beef ribs, they ran out after our 1 hour wait in line.  They looked excellent!"
"I am visiting from Dallas, TX and stopped in. The BBQ is fantastic. I had the lean brisket with jalapeño grits."
"Holy moly this place is good! We arrived for a late lunch around 230 and thank goodness they still had their famous brisket. We ordered a plate along with some smoked sausage. Tender, flavorful, fresh, tangy, savory, and all the other great words to describe great tasting food. 

The workers are extremely friendly and courteous. They explain all the types of meat they sell with such enthusiasm. Entertaining as well as enticing. My mouth was watering as he described each type of meat. I couldn't wait to dive in and that's exactly what I did. We will definitely be back to this place."
"I don't want to be dramatic, but there are not enough words to describe my love for Little Miss! The best BBQ I've had, hands down. This place was on my ""to-try"" list for a few years, and boy did I wait far too long to test it out. The first time I tried LMB was quite the experience. It was a Saturday morning in June and my dad and I met a few of my colleagues, who are veteran LMB-ers. We arrived around 8:45 am and were one of the first people in line --which was exciting! Sure the wait is a bit long (they open at 11:00 am) but well worth it! Plus around 10:00 am they started passing out samples and they were delicious! The best thing about LMB is that the food is consistently delicious. I'm a sucker for their ribs, the meat literally falls off the bone --perfection! But the pulled pork, as well as their brisket, is fantastic. Don't forget to get a pecan pie and side of potato salad! You really can never go wrong with LMB!"
Hands Down Best BBQ Ever. The meat was smoked perfectly and so flavorful and tender. I have never had anything like it.
"I've been eating here since just a week or so after they opened, and I gotta say I'm hooked. I really have to hold myself back from eating here more often, because it's really the best thing in this area. Everyone who works here is super friendly and quite cool. My advice when you stop by for the first time: make sure your hands are free, because when you walk in and they hand you a piece of meat they just cut, you don't want anything standing in your way. So far I've had the brisket, sausage, and a taste of the turkey. No complaints yet. My wishes: Mac n Cheese and cornbread for sides, but really the meats speak for themselves."
"Consistently delivering amazing bbq all day everyday 

Scott and his team continue to blow me away. The quality of their food is unparalleled. The brisket has the right smoke, seasoning, temperature and moisture. The turkey is phenomenal and they even find a way to turn sausage into a gem. Very impressive and by far smokes the competition across the valley and even some places in TX. 

I am still waiting for wagyu brisket to make the menu..."
"Its about time Phoenix had a real barbeque spot rivaling the best in the nation.

BOTTOM LINE: Get in line. Its worth it!"
"Brisket is unreal.  If you are into bbq for eating for as a cook, come wait and watch when they tend their bbq's.  They are super friendly and its great to watch true pit masters at work."
"I love, love, love this place. The brisket is the best I have had outside of Kansas City and Texas. 

My only complaint is that they don't serve French fries. I grew up in KC and every BBQ restaurant has fries and they are some of the best in town. But that won't keep me away. It just means that I get to eat more meat. 

Last time we went to the North location and they had huge beef ribs. It was more expensive than the brisket or pork, but it was fun for a splurge."
"I came here with no expectations and was starved. Considering I went straight here after I got off the plane, grabbed a cup of coffee not too far away, and hung outside at 9am until this place opened at 11am. For two hours in the heat, cooling off to an iced coffee, lack of sleep, and a hungry stomach, I have no complaints whatsoever.

You come here early to grab a parking spot, a ticket to save your placement when you file in line, and just wait until the doors open. After all is said and done, the short menu says all....beef ribs and brisket. Yeah...jalapeño grits. Heck, anything on the menu alone, superb. I may have licked every part of my finger and chowed down to the most exquisite tasting BBQ I've had anywhere on the west coast. Sorry Phil's BBQ, but this Little Miss BBQ ain't little. It's a huge ordeal. The best ever!

I can see why it's the most reviewed and the best tasting BBQ in AZ. Of all places, it had to be here! Comparable to Franklin's in Texas. Not quite better but comparable. 

Would I come back? Yes!"
How awesome is this place and its in Phoenix?  Wowsa is it good bbq.  Everything about this place is grade A.  The fatty brisket is just insane greatness.  It's smoked over oak and pecan.  This is def one of the best BBQ places in the USA.  The service is second to none and I've never had a better experience when it came to the service.  How has this place never been on like man fire food or triple d or hell any tv show?  I've considered bogarts BBQ in St. Louis as the best BBQ I've eaten in this country.  Little miss is on par with them with the meats.  Bogarts sides were a little better but the meat was dang close and that's saying a lot!!  I love you guys for killing this BBQ in the desert!!  I'll be out in sept for my second visit.
"Absolute perfection!  I'm from KC, but this place tales the cake.  Large servings, smoked to perfection.  The bbq beans and jalapeno grits are to die for! You will wait in line, but it is definitely worth it.  Open 11-4, lunch only.  Closed on sun/mon"
"I finally got a chance to go back when I was around the area. I went early this time & finally got some Fatty brisket!!! Waited in line for about an hr but it was totally worth the wait. The owner even came outside with samples of their smoked sausages. I was definitely sold by that sample & had to get some! The sausages had a great smokey flavor to them. the fatty brisket melts in your freaking mouth. there are no words that I could say that would amount up to how amazing that fatty brisket is. & the spicy bbq sauce tops it all off. 

When it gets hot outside, they turn on the misters! they provide complimentary cold waters while you wait in line outside & also have a few chairs lines up on the wall just in case you need to take a seat while waiting. This is the best BBQ spot in Phx, hands down!"
"First, I will say we all LOVE this place. Hands down the BEST BBQ in town. The meats are amazing, love the grits and really it's all great food. That said I took two stars away because of the line. On our most recent visit we arrived at 9:45 am. We got our ticket and were maybe about 25 people deep in line. We know this place always has a wait, but this is getting crazy when one person in line orders for the whole office or large group of friends. There is only one person cutting the meat and I would love to see two. If there were two- one person could assist someone with a large order and the other could keep the line moving. The other suggestion would be to require large orders to be ordered ahead as some do, but I understand if the owner does not want to mandate this. It's an easy fix so everyone can keep happy in line while waiting.  Can't wait for the new location to open!"
"By far best bbq I have had. Jalapeño grits are a must. Service was also excellent, very friendly staff."
Little miss bbq is great!   We were too late for brisket today so had the very tender pork ribs.  The house bbq sauce is my fav.   And to top it off the pecan pie (secret family recipe) is enough to make the trip over by itself.  These folks are so nice and it's fun to just sit down and talk to others coming in.  Highly recommend this place!
"""Hands"" down, the best BBQ this side of Texas!!! The owner is ""Hands-on"" and greets the patrons as they wait in line. He'll usually take a few customers back and show them what is involved, plus gives out samples just to wet your appetite!!! Figure on waiting one hour plus!!! Get there early, get a ticket, wait in line, then enjoy!!! Worth every penny!! I was impressed with the portions and the attentive staff. Sorry for the long review, I had a lot of time on my ""Hands"" waiting!!!!!"
"When I think of the best BBQ I've ever had in my life, Little Miss BBQ comes to mind.  Not only is this the one of the best BBQ joints in AZ, it's one of the best restaurants in AZ, period.  

Don't let the long line scare you away, it's so so so worth the wait!!  They have a water cooler next to the line so you don't dehydrate while waiting.  Even with temps hitting 100+ degrees, I'd wait it out again and again!!  Since moving back from TX, Little Miss BBQ has been on my radar to visit..  My only complaint... I've should of visited sooner!! Man I've been missing out on the best Brisket I've ever had!!! 

The Cole slaw, Jalapeño chedar grits and potato salad were also on point!!! The slaw and grits were the stand out and will be what I order next visit.  

That Fatty Brisket doe!!! Wow!! Melts in your mouth!! So flavorful it needs no BBQ sauce, but if you fancy some sauce they keep some delicious flavors stocked on the tables!!  Even though I've only tried the brisket, I can tell whatever you order from this joint is going to be amazing!  No shortcuts, no substitutes, this is the real deal Holyfield!!  

The seating is limited in the indoor dining area, so don't be afraid to make a new friends and share a table.  

Can't wait to come back!!  My mouth is watering just thinking about that amazing meal!"
"Life-changing Beef Rib....stupid fucking good lol. So good, you have to swear to show emphasis! XD

Beautiful smoke ring, thick, flavorful bark and incredibly tender. The meat was so fatty and oily that you could see the wetness/moisture when pulling apart the meat. Incredible!

We arrived about an hour and fifteen minutes prior to open, and were STILL number 76 in line. About another 2 HOURS of wait after doors opened...but we were able to try everything!

Don't forget the Smoked Pecan Pie! I was in such a food coma that I told myself I would only have one bite of the pie....and then we ate it all after realizing how awesome that was too lol.

They take limited numbers of to-go orders if you plan out a week or two in advance.

I will probably eat here EVERY Phoenix visit! But I will not wait in the line again. Would be hard to justify the wait without these insane beef ribs and pecan pie :P

Enjoy!"
"Very well smoked and seasoned meats. Best BBQ outside Georgia or Kansas City I've had! Don't skip the Pecan Pie.  Go early, at 130pm they were running low on some meats already.
It's a classic meat counter style place with a small seating area and a line outside. 
Very clean counter, kitchen area and dining area. The guys here care very much about what they do and it shows in every way. 
Definitely a solid place and we will eat here every time we come to Phoenix."
"Been wanting to come here for quite sometimes now and finally made it. The food itself was delicious but not out of this world. After one hour and 39 minutes standing in line, outside in the heat, and hungry, I thought nothing will taste better but I have had better bbq. Parking lot was small so we had to park across the street and J-walked over. Between the three of us, we ordered almost everything on the menu exception the pie (very simple menu), and some Togo. We would come back but only if we're close by and the line is much more ch shorter."
"Eat your heart out Texas.  This is as good as barbecue gets.  The brisket melts in your mouth and, much as I want to venture into our things on the menu I keep coming back to it because it's just that good.  Others I have dined with rave about the pulled pork, and the pieces of sausage that I've sampled while waiting in line are in their own league.

Speaking of waiting on line, expect to do it unless you get there well before they open.  Everyone takes it in stride and the food makes the wait worthwhile.  This place blows away any other BBQ place in the Phoenix area."
My favorite stake place so far. The house made pies are so delicious. You need to try it! Good service.
Their cookers broke down today but the selection was still great. No line and super happy nice workers. Great vibe.
This place is incredible! The BEST BBQ I have ever had. Well worth the trip and wait.
"Best bbq I've had in Arizona. The short ribs are amazing, same goes for the fatty brisket. The only downside is that by the time I get through the line I end up buying way more food than I originally planned on when I got there."
"Best brisket outside of Texas.  Be prepared to wait 25 - 30 minutes in line. When food is this good word spreads.  The brisket is well worth the wait.  

The staff is really friendly. There's not much space to eat either.  If you are eating outside make sure to grab utensils and napkins. There's no way to come back in. Once you step outside. Unless you are making the line again.  Lots of inconveniences but the brisket is worth all of it.  Oh and it's not cheap either.  20 for lunch."
"The valley-girl speak ""I can't even"" was totes invented for Little Miss BBQ. 

If disliking something renowned is fun, I had no fun here. 
If the best fatty brisket I have ever and will ever have is fun, I might as well die now. 

All the hype, the lines of cars on the street, the lines of people out the front door.. all of it is 110% true to reason. Reason being: BBQ THAT IS AMAZING.

I can't. I really.. I just can't."
"950th REVIEW!!!!!!

Believe the hype!! Believe it!

The day finally came were I had nothing but time to stand in a line for what's been said to be the best bbq in the valley!

I thought I arrived at a pretty good time for line standing since it was still well over an hour before it opened, but from my spot in the line I could see I was around the 1 hour and 20-minute mark!! 

Little Miss BBQ is every engaging with us in the line, handing out samples of the sausages, and keeping us entertained and even apologetic for having to stand in the line.  I think this personal touch with their customers help with the repeat/new customers, it's nice to know they like us coming too!

I finally made it up to the counter and knew what I had to have!! I went with a plate with 2 sides, ordered the beef brisket with coleslaw and jalapeno cheddar grits.

I was actually pretty lucky to find a table inside to eat my meal too, but on all tables is 3 bottle of sauces, sweet and tangy mustard, spicy and house.  I tried them all and all area great tasting, the one that surprised me the most was the sweet and tangy mustard, damn that is some good stuff! You start thinking off all kinds of things you can sauce of up with that! 

The beef brisket was the star of the plate! Juicy, tender, smoked to perfection, melt in your mouth good! HOT DAMN THIS IS SOME GREAT BBQ! Oh and boy did I love the jalapeno grits too!! 

Like I said believe the hype! Its real, Little Miss BBQ is legit! Already planning my next trip back!"
"Give yourself time to eat here because you will be in line for a while.  The food is good, well prepared it tastes just as good as a few other barbeque places i have been i guess i wanted something to stand out because of the reviews on here.  Overall i would eat here again if im on this side of town."
Omg! This place is amazing!!! Best bbq in the valley!!! Line is always long but it is totally worth the wait!
"Having experienced BBQ from several well-regarded 'joints' across the U.S. (KC, North/South Carolina, etc.), Little Miss BBQ was extremely impressive overall. Very kind people passionately serving delicious BBQ. If you're in the PHX area this foodway is a must - it's well worth the wait."
"I'm a Midwest guy, but this is the best BBQ I've ever had. I don't know where to start, other than to say you need to check this place out. 
There's going to be a line so get there early. It's worth the wait, and when you are up they treat you like you own the place. Sample whatever you want, they are very generous. 
The brisket is my favorite, but I've had everything and it's all out of this world."
"Clean and super friendly. Worth every second of the wait. Had fatty brisket, pulled pork, sausage, and lamb. Lamb stole the show for sure, don't be afraid of it!  Pretty certain I'll have to go every time I'm in PHX."
"There is a reason this place has 5 stars, it's truly amazing. We went last Friday and waited for over 90 minutes, it was worth every second. The owners are so hospitable, the staff is super friendly and always making sure you are comfortable. From the misters where you stand in line, free bottled water in line, samples - the wait itself is as comfortable as can be for as long as it is. 

There were 6 of us, the only thing we didn't get to try was the beef rib since they were out by the time we got to the front but everything else was amazing. Best fatty brisket I've ever had. I got the Jefe sandwhich as well, and we had a bunch of sides. The ribs, smoked turkey, sausage - everything was just phenomenal. Would return in a heartbeat if ever in the area."
"We were so excited to find this place and try it.  It seems to be a crowd favorite.  The grits and, beans so good, brisket good , little pecan pie good..  Staff so friendly, enthusiastic and knowledgable of their craft.
The reason I could not give it more stars is because of the ribs. On the day we visited, they were way too salty. 
I thought maybe there was just excess rub on a small rib section, so I kept eating, and it got saltier with each bite. My hubby had ribs in his order and his were the same way. Salty. 
I ate the last one the next morning anyway. Bad idea. Like salty jerky.
I would like to give this place another try  the next time we are in town.  But first I will have to convince my hubby that it is worth it ."
One of the best BBQ restaurants that I have eaten at and the sides were also wonderful. When I return to Arizona I will be going back to Little Miss BBQ to try more of the meats that they were sold out of.
Get there early this place is amazing but they sell out fast! There's a reason for their success their food is amazing. I had always heard good things about this place and finally decided to try it and I was completely blown away. Make sure you stop off and try some great bbq.
Wow a hole in the wall diamond in the rough that has the best bbq I have ever tasted.   They open at 11 and the line is long for an hour or more.  The smoked turkey was so moist and the cheddar jalapeño grits were so creamy spicy good.  I must stop if in the area
"Delicious and worth the wait in line. I've been lucky to only stand in line for 20 minutes on one visit (an hour wait on another visit), but the generosity of the staff with samples and water helped stave off hunger ;)
I love the brisket (fatty is so delicious), and the Jefe with 1/2 pulled pork, 1/2 chopped brisket. All the sides are delicious and so is the sauce. They also gave my boyfriend and I some beef bones to take back to our pups!"
Had to wait in line but the wait was worth it  BBQ pecan pie off the chain hmmmmmm and brisket was tender
"I stopped by here after hearing some co workers rave about it. I gotta say, I was not let down. I ordered the Jefe with sausage and brisket - both the sausage and the brisket were some of the best I've ever tasted. The staff is great, the food is amazing and the prices are more than fair. Will return with friends and family for sure!"
"2nd time, get here at 1145,  wait hour and 30 min jin line ust to see orange tape cross off all meat on me u but chopped brisket right when we get to the counter.  Brisket is good but no better than any other decent bbq.  

No one informed line at any time they were running low until they were completely out of everything. 

Definitely stay away from this place unless you can get here at open then I'm guessing all these 5 star reviews are relevant."
On east side of 7th Street south of Dunlap is this great little Bar B Q .   Don't let the line to get in scare you off because they give you your food once you get up to the counter.   Known for their brisket they also have other things like pulled pork.  Pulled pork was a little fatty but very tender and tasty.  Good sides but I wish they offered a baked potato or corn on the cob.  Very noisy on the inside but a nice outside shaded sitting on picnic tables.   Friendly casual service.   3 kinds of Bar B Q sauce on each table but nothing wonderful.   I actually combined house with spicy for best taste.
"Some of the best bbq in the valley. This comes with a huge drawback, however. I get the whole ""waiting in line"" gimmick to draw a crowd, but the place seems to just drag their feet and refuse to do anything slight common sense to speed the line up. People are here in a lunch break you are not only losing potentially thousands per week by not getting through the line fast enough, but also the amount of people who leave because they either don't have time to wait in a ridiculous line or flat out don't want to. Lastly, they need more side choices other than beans and coleslaw. I want something with my meat."
Best barbecue!! Definitely worth the wait. Excited for their new building to open up.
"Joes BBQ, Honey Bears, pfff! Those places are a joke compared to Little Miss. My only gripe, is location location location. These guys will do just fine because there are enough BBQ nuts to keep it alive and going strong. But it takes a lot for me to wait in line for anything, except maybe for a .... Anyhow, if you don't mind getting there early and waiting, you'll love the result. These guys should, and I'm sure will, find a bigger more accessible space."
"Best BBQ ever, or at least in AZ. Got here at 10:35, waited in line almost 2 hours, got our food around 12:15 but worth it. They passed out a few samples while we were in line & passed out free water bottles. What makes the line so slow is when they open at 11AM people order large amounts for people not there or big group orders. So you may only see a few people in front of you but chances are some of them are ordering a lotttttt of food.

Anyways, on to the food. I got the 2 meat plate with lean brisket & pulled pork. They come with 2 sides so I got the jalapeno cheddar grits and the baked beans. All of it was AMAZING. We actually took half of ours home for leftovers. The BBQ sauces on the table are great too, make sure you grab some to go. Two 2-meat plates & 1 soda = $39 ; I think the meals are $16ish each

Would definitely come back when I'm in the mood to wait in 2 hour long line. My advice would be to get there early like 9:30-10AM so at least you're one of the first people when they open at 11 AM and don't have to wait for all of the people with large orders."
"Best brisket I have ever had! And there bbq sauce is good too. Ribs were great but the brisket is where it's at. Came here on a Wednesday at 1000, and waited less than 15 minutes to get our food after they opened at 1100. The wait is worth it!

And also, their pecan pie is heavenly!"
"Amazing!! Go EARLY- I went just after 2 on Wednesday and they were out of turkey, brisket & sausage. Saturday be in line at 10, no kidding. Great stuff."
"Had to check out what all the hype was about. Waited in line for about an hour. Very small place, slow moving line. The owner was handing out samples of brisket and sausage which was nice. Not sure if I would come back simply because of the wait. Food was good but I like Joes BBQ better."
"Our first time here from Tucson AZ, we knew this place was good as we drove up 15 minutes before opening there was a long line. The host were so nice and provided free sausage appetizers to everyone who waited, this was the best BBQ I've had in my life!"
Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had in Arizona. I tired he brisket and ribs and this is amazing. Nowhere in Arizona comes close to this. It is worth the wait. I enjoy the fact you get to see the butcher cutting your meat for you.
"Again the best BBQ I have had. Brought my co workers after talking it up at work.  Definitely 5 stars for the food, but you can really only wait so long.  I don't mind 45min but wow, over 2 hours.  Its great that the will be adding a second location."
"Things we got: 

Brisket (lean):
To preface there a 2 hour wait when i got there at 9:30, they ran out of the fatty brisket, always get fatty guys. Lean was okay, soft, lean. Goddammit i wanted the fatty one, oh well
Rating: good

Ribs:
They were better than brisket, flavorful because of the smoke, soft and pull apart easily
Rating: above good

Sausage:
This was the best out of the meats we got.
Rating: super

Jalapeno cheddar grits:
Its a side dont get too much like i did. Its good tho
Rating: good

Pickles: 
They're acidy helps you eat more, so why not.
Rating: yes

Pecan pie:
Im a sucker for pie. It didnt make it into the picture cause i ate it first. It tasted really sweet, no balance of sweetness and pecan-ness detected. It's okay making pies are an art, and this is a bbq place. If you want pie, go to a pie place. 
Rating: nah

To preface, i dont eat a lot of american bbq, but i did enjoy my time here. Long lines so get there early."
"Flew into Phoenix to drive to Sedona for a weekend getaway and everyone said this place was a must so I knew I had to come here for lunch before the drive to Sedona. 

Pulled into the lot and the line was literally as long as the lines at Disneyland but boy was I glad I decided to stick it out. Waited about an hour and a half for the food and it was worth every minute! The meats were all cooked to perfection and even the turkey was moist and yummy. My favorite was the fatty brisket. Perfect flavor and just the right amount of fat. I'm salivating just thinking about it as I write this review. 

Can't wait for another trip to Phoenix just to swing by here again!

Word of advice, come early if you want to have a fuller selection of meats as they do run out quite early!"
"Oh my goodness.  We left Texas in 1990 and have been all over.  No where like Texas  BBQ.   But this place bypasses Texas. 
We had the brisket which was so juicy and wonderful. The rub they use is to die for.  The smoked pastrami is unbelievable.   They brine their own beef and then smoke it
The staff are all the best.  Friendly and genuine.  
We got there 20 minutes before opening and waited 1.5 hrs total.   But it is worth it. 
Be sure to try the jalapeño cheese grits.  Just wonderful.   
We will be back and bring our friends!!!"
"FOUR HOUR WAIT and still 5 red stars because the chopped 50% 50% brisket is out of this world! The only downfall besides the wait is THEY DONT HAVE MAC N CHEESE!!!! 

Also, I don't care for straight up white bread with my brisket but I mean they're not deal breakers!

Next time ordering ahead as a catering order because def not waiting again for hours. One time thing for sure."
My husband freaks out if we are gonna be anywhere near there and don't have plans to stop and eat here. Says it's the best BBQ anywhere!
Store opens at 11. Came at 1pm.  Sold out. Came back next day at 11 am. Waited 45 mins in 108 degree weather. Worth it. The owners are beyond friendly. Got a tour of the smoker and how the owner started his business. Was told his brisket won west place in state. I didn't know beef could taste like what I had today. I tried every type of meat. My boyfriend was a huge fan of their turkey. My favorite was brisket and pork ribs.
"Best BBQ I've ever had (and I've had a lot!). Though the line is always long, I can promise you it's worth the wait. Plan a visit with a few friends and it will be an experience to remember. 
All their dishes are great, but I would definately recommend the fatty brisket."
"I hope people love my reviews as much as I love giving them. This one ought to be useful. Be PREPARED TO WAIT. I mean it's a good 1-2hour wait regardless of when you get there. The first person I actually saw get food told me he got there at about 1030 (it opens at 11) and there were people ahead of him. They provide chairs and they mark the wait time along the line similar to Disneyland if you can believe it. And...they bring out samples to entice you in to staying. I saw on their Instagram people wait in the rain and the heat which says a lot to me; I personally was quite thankful for the lovely weather. Also, when they run out...that's it. They ran out of Turkey in the first hour and ran out of brisket (which was in my opinion the BEST meat I tried) in the first 2 and half hours. They offer brisket, pulled pork, sausage, and turkey. The sides are nothing to write home about but in truth you don't need them, the meat is that good. For a side I'd pick the beans above all else. Both sauces are good but the little miss bbq sauce is best, so yummy. The pecan pie is delicious despite the fact that it's not my drug of choice. Skip the pumpkin Nutella, it sounds better than it is. Lastly, the gentlemen who work there (I saw no ladies) are sociable, nice, happy, smiley, friendly, dudes. I was so pleased and impressed by that cause it can get stressful knowing all those people are waiting you know."
"10/20/18 Came here right when they opened up at 11:00 straight from the airport. Line was already about 30-40 people deep, but that didn't stop us from waiting. Weather was nice, not too hot. Water and sunscreen was provided. They even handed out some sausage samples. Delicious btw.

Almost 2hrs later, yes you heard right, it was time to order. We got the beef ribs (only sold on weekends) lean brisket(sold out of the fatty) pork ribs, and sausage. Got all 4 sides too.

Beef ribs - big portion (a little over a pound) a little fatty, falls off the bone, great smoke and season, but a little too salty for my taste.
Lean brisket - still tender, great smoke and seasoning.
Pork ribs - tender, great taste.
Sausage - delicious house made. Very lean. Barely any spiciness even though it had jalapeños in it.
Grits - tasty and cheesy.
Potato salad - very good, not too much mayo, good choice on using red potatoes.
Beans - very good. I was expecting like the ""traditional"" baked beans. But this was better! Pretty sure they use the trimmed ends of the brisket and cook it with the beans. Not sweet but savory.
Cole slaw - didn't try it. Not really a cole slaw guy but my friend liked it.
The bbq sauces they have is super good. Regular bbq, spicy bbq, and mustard sauce.

Staff was really friendly and helpful. They gave everyone in line updates on what they have and when they were starting to run low or run out of things. Even though it's pretty much just 2 Guys dishing out the food, one cutting the meats, and one dishing sides, they moved pretty quick once our order was placed. 

Even though the wait is long, it was worth it. Definitely enough time to decide what you want. Great bbq, great sides, great people. This place set the bar high for other bbq places I might try."
Great food great drinks aand would recommend highly to friends and fmaily..these giys were super awesome!
"In an attempt to not be repetitive, I was going to simply concur with most of the reports herein regarding Little Miss BBQ: delicious! However, all who know me also know it is next-to-impossible for me to be brief, so here goes!  

Note:  We did kind of decide to go here at the last minute, so were prepared for ""outages"", based on the feedback previously given.

1. Since we appreciate the decision to not serve warmed over meat, I was ok that there were no ribs, at that point. Sadly, though, the last pecan pie sold before we paid, so...I guess we will have to go back for that...another time. 

2. They ran out of pork as they were serving our plate, but compensated with more of the other meat. Brisket and pulled pork were flavorful, but not too smoky, tender, not dry, at all. We were given a sample of smoked turkey while standing in line; will definitely be trying that next time, as it was extremely flavorful and juicy. The homemade/bottled sauces are quite tasty and paired with the meat without overpowering the flavor.  Their mustard-based sauce is reminiscent of a Carolina style BBQ with a little more sweetness.

3.  Prices were quite reasonable based on our BBQ experience and the quality of the food.

4.  Cole slaw was OK; potato salad was not typical, but was tasty and potatoes were cooked well; the jalapeño cheese grits were excellent - and we are Southerners who know grits! 

5. Owner, his father, staff, and all others we came in contact with were friendly, welcoming, and helpful. That counts for a great deal. We strive to support local enterprises and appreciate their integrity.

6. We did experience a little wait, but there were misters along the line, and free cold water, so it wasn't too bad.  (And there was someone checking on the line and making conversation, which made you feel like you weren't forgotten, plus, we learned a little more about the business/owner.). The inside dining area is rather small, as we expected, so we sat outside; the misters and fans kept it from being too unbearable. 

We will return, and even looked into ordering for events in the future. 
GO to Little Miss BBQ. You will not regret it!"
"This is my favorite spot when traveling to Phoenix, and a hidden gem for BBQ Excellence

They have the best fatty brisket I have ever eaten.  Sides are also good with multiple options but the main play here is the brisket, sausage and bbq.

Be aware this play fills up and there is often a massive line that goes by quickly. The staff often brings samples to those in line. Also worth noting is that this place serves food till they run out so my advice is to come early."
"Unbelievable barbecue!  My wife and I stopped here after reading all the fantastic yelp reviews.  This place did not disappoint.  We pulled in to see a line out the door and the parking lot packed.  There was an employee helping direct traffic who was about as nice as they come entertaining us with the usually pleasantries ""Where ya from?""  ""Is this your first time here?"".  We waited in line for about 45 mins but it was well worth the wait.  I got the fatty brisket (my order happened to be the last order before they ran out) and my wife got the pulled pork.  Our sides were the jalapeño grits, ranch style beans, and potato salad.  Meats were fantastic, sides were phenomenal, would definitely wait in line for another 45 mins to eat here again.  It lives up to the hype!"
"Oh my gosh, since I moved to phoenix this is bar FAR my favorite place to eat.  Great food and great service.. just had to give a quick review.. busy busy day for me."
"The best BBQ in Phoenix! 

Tip: go right before they close so you don't have to wait in line otherwise the line is hours long! 

Everything is delicious! 

The staff is the friendliest, we met the owner while having lunch and learned a little more about his story and inspiration. 

Expect BBQ, not smoothies or health food!"
There are no words for how good this BBQ is. Everything ordered was amazing. I'm not one for fatty brisket but it is well worth it to try! This could put a few Texas BBQs I have tried to shame. Went on a Friday around noon and wait was about 30 minutes but well worth it!
"My new favorite bbq spot in town! I absolutely love the food, their brisket sandwich was to die for, the ribs were a close 2nd! I wish they had another location closer to old town Scottsdale because the current location is quite a hike from where I live. Looking forward to my next visit already."
"Every so often something lives up to the hype that precedes it.  Little Miss BBQ is one such instance. Recently went there for lunch and waited one hour before ordering. Initially, I thought, ""This is ridiculous. Why would anyone wait in line this long for barbecue?"" Glad I did because the beef brisket, the sausage, the ribs and everything else on the menu is outstanding. If Yelp allowed a six star rating, this restaurant would deserve it.

The staff is even better than the food. Outstanding, friendly customer service. One of the nice features about waiting in line is the staff regularly brings out samples of what's on the menu, and if you are a first timer, you are not going to believe how good the brisket tastes. It's like a big slab of butter put in your mouth. Never experienced better barbecue anywhere in the United States.

On the day I went, I was behind visitors from out of state and a new resident who had come from South Carolina. She was a repeat customer and raved about how good the barbecue was. Saying, ""this is the closest barbecue I've ever had to barbecue in the south or Texas.""

Don't forget to order the pecan pie if you like dessert. It is out of this world.

One final note. The lines are always long at Little Miss BBQ. They are open from 11 AM to 4 PM or until they run out of meat, which is almost every day because they are so busy. If you want to enjoy the best barbecue this side of the Mississippi, you should go early before they open and be one of the first people in line."
Best bbq in Phoenix! They serve both lean and fatty brisket and both taste absolutely amazing
"Where to begin on this one.  Being from Texas, we were skeptical about the reviews LMB had, but are suckers for BBQ.  This may be the best brisket I've had in my life.  What's more amazing, is the homemade ranch style beans and jalapeño cheddar grits were not outdone one bit by the meat.  An amazing meal which will be my go to when talking BBQ going forward!!"
"Ok I'm not really understanding why anyone would wait 1-2 hours for food unless it was the best and little Miss is not the best. Sorry.  

Food is ok, service is average if you want good BBQ I much prefer Danky's or Honey Bears.  

Enjoy."
"WOW... This was some GREAT BBQ!!!  
We decided to hit this little BBQ Place up for a late lunch after we checked into our hotel waiting for a flight out of Phoenix the next morning.  It was a Tuesday afternoon around 1:30pm, the place was kind of hard to find as it just blended in with the other buildings, we actually thought it was a small storage area at first, but dont let this detour you from coming... this was some of the BEST BBQ  we have had and we are from TX!!!  

Get there early in the day just after they open, the BBQ is that good that they sell out quick!!"
"I have been going to LMB ever since they opened at the University Drive location. Absolutely the best Brisket in Arizona.
However, after visiting the Sunnyslope location this weekend, the brisket is spot on but the sausage was very dry. I had ordered the 2 meat plate (brisket/sausage) and an additional 1/2 dozen sausages to take home. Man, was I disappointed.
Hopefully, the proprietor's of LMB aren't going to sacrifice quality for volume. Same thing happened at the University location a few months ago and the did refund my money for the sausage. Don't get me wrong, I love this place....but would want someone to tell me if my product was less than good.
I'm a born and bred Texan who was weened and raised on BBQ including the Hill Country Style. Just saying to Scotty and Beke.....Please keep close tabs on whose preparing your food.
God Bless LMB, Texas and Arizona!"
Finally got a chance to eat here! Very good food and really enjoyed their bbq sauces. We did have to wait an hour in line which wasn't too bad but the ordering process could be improved upon to speed things up a bit. Next time we will probably order online for a party or something.
"My wife and I read about the great food available at Little Miss BBQ and arrived about 10:50 for their 11am opening. We got the last spot in the parking lot and had an hour and a half wait to get into the door to order our lunch. The outdoor temp. a little over 100 deg, on that Friday. Very hot wait, glad for the misters that they have for the covered line. We were offered water and samples of their sausage while in line which we gratefully accepted and was delicious. I wish we could give a rating for the food separately and the wait. The food was definitely 5 star. It was the brisket, both fatty and non-fatty that earned that rating. The sides were nothing to write home about. The staff was very friendly and helpful, can't say enough. The problem was the horrendously long wait. There is only one server cutting all of the meat for the patrons, while the subsequent staff waits to supply the sides, drinks and take the money.  That gets 2 stars. They need at least 3 servers cutting the meat, which would get the line down quickly. (It moves faster at Disneyland) The single meat server wouldn't be so bad, except for when a patron is ordering multiple meals to take back to the office, etc.which seems to be very frequently. So, the 2 stars for the long wait and the 5 stars for the food equates to an average of 3.5 stars. Until they figure out a way to move the line more quickly, I probably won't go back. Standing an hour and a half for food in the Phoenix heat just seems excessive."
"Unbelievable BBQ. Family run and the best in the southwest. The owner does the cooking and he takes full pride with his passion and does not slack when making this meat. Top notch food. 

I'm sure you've read it before so I will say it again. The wait time to get food is a good hour. Get there early because they run out of the good stuff early and close by 4pm.

Lastly drive a small vehicle. The parking lot is small and is tough to park a larger rig. 

Go eat here and savor every moment of it. 

The fatty brisket and the sausage are my favorites."
This place is soooo dope! My hubby was in Arizona for work and I made sure he went here and got the brisket and links. He was late for the ribs ..they were sold out. But the brisket is the bomb..so so so good!!! He bought some for me in the plane back to California! So happy!
"It's one of the best BBQ places in the world! Managed by great people who are all courteous and friendly, they make the experience of eating great BBQ even better.

While I understand why it takes so long, I really wish  they could find a way to expedite the line. Waiting an hour adds to the experience, but waiting 2-3 hours when the line doesn't appear that long is a bit frustrating. 

You can't rush perfection, and that's what it is, but sometimes the wait takes away from the incredible food.

Fatty brisket is where it's at, lean is good as well. I love the turkey and the sausage, but again everything is good. Can't go wrong with any of the sides and if they have the pecan pie, it's a must!

Love the people, love the food, don't love waiting 2hrs, but it just means I'll come less often, not stop coming at all, which I'm guessing is what they are counting on."
"Best bbq place, make sure to arrive early so you can get what you want and to avoide the long line, usually sale out quick"
Hands down the best BBQ I've ever had. It's worth the wait. Everyone was so friendly. I can't wait to go back. Thank you!!
"Holy mother of god why did it take me so long to go to Little Miss BBQ!

These yelp reviews don't lie. The wait was over an hour and it was super hot outside but it was worth it. 

The brisket and pulled pork were mouth watering delicious. I didn't know BBQ could be this good. I'd gladly wait in line another hour for this awesomeness. 

I also had the pecan pie and it was one of the best I have tasted."
"As one other yelper said, "" I just waited in line for an hour to spend more $ than I usually would on BBQ, and I can't wait to do it again!""

You probably already know a bit about this place if you are even looking at my review, maybe you found it through the Yelp US Top 100 of 2014, maybe by way of newspaper, or publications from Texas to Phoenix raving about this place.  So I don't know there's much I can offer you to say at this point except do a quick rundown of my ratings on the individual parts of everything.

Service is 5+ stars.  The owner seriously cares about the success of the restaurant and the delivery of the food down to just making people happy in line.  His father also works at the restaurant talking to people in line (yes you'll wait anywhere from 40 minutes to an hour and a half) and he will be glad to show you the smokers, talk about the cooking process, and brag on his son (he has a right to!).  His dad also helps in the parking lot.  Yes, the parking is ultra cramped, and you can get towed if you park in the wrong spot (check with the parking attendant if you are unsure!).  Yes, you might have to wait to park.  Please let this deter you so that I don't have to wait so long in line next time ;)

The meats are all 5 stars to me.  They come unsauced - no cover up here, just great meat....  You can tell they are evenly cooked, ribs and brisket have that perfect little bit of bark on the outside and oh so juicy tender inside.  I had the turkey, fatty brisket, lean brisket, pork ribs.  All are 5 stars.  And let me tell you, I have eaten at dozens of BBQ joints from GA to California.  It really doesn't' get much better than this folks, and between my two visits and my friends and families 4-5 visits, it's consistently good, not just sometimes.

The Jalapeno grits are addicting.  I'm from GA, what a great addition to the BBQ side items.  5 stars here.

The slaw and other items are all 4.5 stars.  While great, they just aren't on my perfect 5 star radar.  

Getting an inside seat is really really luck of the draw.  They have outdoor seating under an awning as well next to the cookers.  It's possible you could wait in line all this time and not have a place to sit at the end - I haven't experienced this yet fortunately!  Oh and watch yourself strolling in at 3pm.  Some days, they are sold out of a lot of things by then.  The fatty brisket goes a lot sooner.

If you feel like giving, be sure to ask for the gift card to give someone, just make sure that you have room for the oak log gift certificate they hand you in return!"
"There's always a long line but it's well worth the wait!! The ribs, chopped brisket and Mac n cheese were so good and the sauces were fire!!! The only downside is they always run out of things."
"These guys are like the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld.The BBQ is OK but not anywhere near great.  They don't take ""to go"" orders. You just have to show up and hope they don't ""sell out"" before you get to buy the food.  So you show up at 4 and get in line and ""hope"" they still have some stuff to sell you before they ""sell out."" RIDICULOUS. Apparently the owners think it's a better idea to not have any leftover food so they just stop selling it when they run out.  A normal restaurant would serve people during their regular hours and accept the fact that they may actually have some waste at the end of the day, but not these folks.  Obnoxious, haughty attitude and very run-of-the-mill BBQ.  Never going back.  You can't even even order food to pickup unless it's 5 pounds of ribs or other meats. My prediction is that they will will fail eventually."
"I was aware of the warnings but didn't fully pay attention. Compared to my occasional 3pm weekend breakfasts, I was relatively diligent on my Little Miss BBQ excursion, but arriving just after the 11am opening time wasn't good enough. I waited about 1:40 and yet still didn't get the full experience, just missing the fatty brisket.

I got the lean brisket, chopped brisket and pork rib. The chopped was the best of these options, presumably hinting at some of the greatness of Little Miss BBQ's most elusive item. The beans were great and even the free pickles were good, and the pecan pie was a fine choice. I didn't get the pulled pork but it looked much more interesting than usual."
"I could not believe the number of stars Little Miss BBQ could be true.  Boy was I wrong, we arrived at 330 and had to wait until the second wave of food  to be ready which was a 30 minute wait.   The wait was well worth it, as the taste was great and since I love to cook and eat BBQ I critique hard. My wife is worse at critically assessing BBQ and she loves it!"
"Great barbecue. The ribs are especially soft, moist, and flavorful. Brisket is a little dry, but overall everything is delicious. The sauces and smoked pecan pie are worth coming back for anytime."
"OMG. What an excellent place for the most delicious bbq.  Everything was 5 star outstanding, you name it. From the service, the host ""Michael"" who came to speak to us when waiting in line, to the tour of the smokers and then finally the food. 

Ordered the fatty brisket, the meat to get here before it runs out and the sides jalapeño grits. The brisket was juicy, tender (melt in your mouth), great smoky flavors and delicious. The grits were were screams and very flavorful. 

Totally enjoyed the meal. There were 5 of us and everyone could not stop praising the food and the service. 

Friends got the pork ribs which were fall off the bone delicious!"
"Didn't expect great BBQ in Arizona, but this is it. Brisket was super moist. Long line, but food was worth it. Just make sure that you have an hour to wait for your food."
"""Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.""―William Shakespeare

Little Miss BBQ (LMB) has been on my radar since I first spotted the glowing Yelp reviews after my last trip to AZ; I saw the 5-star Yelp average, but figured it wouldn't hold up for long. Lo and behold, as I was researching places to eat on this trip LMB again entered my sights, and I was shocked to see that they had still held onto the 5-star avg and with well over 600 reviews! LMB had suddenly become a ""must go."" After reading some reviews I noticed that the crazy-long lines seemed to be a consistent pattern; my flight was scheduled to arrive at 10:20 a.m., and --seeing the close proximity of LMB to PHX-- I knew if we were on time, and moved quickly, we could be there before, or right when they opened. After landing, my Navy SEAL-like precision put us in line at approx 10:55 a.m.--5 min before opening, but the line was already about 30-40 folks deep. There are few things in this world I'll wait more than 20 min for, but 5-star BBQ is one of them. It took almost an hour to make it through, but it was worth every second...

Meat:

Pulled Pork- This might've been the most disappointing of all the meat here at LMB; the smoke was a bit muted, and the rub was lacking but it was still juicy. The lack of flavor was nothing a little sauce couldn't cure. 3*

Turkey- Surprisingly excellent Smoked Turkey! The meat was tender, juicy and just the right amount of smoke to not overpower the delicate flavor. Even my sister (the pickiest eater I know) loved it! 4.5*

Ribs- Amazingly tender, smoky and just the perfect amount of rub. No sauce needed for these bad boys. They were so friggin' good I ate the little cartilage pieces at the ends of the ribs... 0_o 5*

Fatty Brisket- My goodness... I can't even think of words to describe the heavenly experience that is eating LMB's Brisket. Smoky, Juicy, Beefy... Bah! Mere words cannot describe this humbling experience. All I'm going to say is it's better than my homemade version, and we'll leave it at that. 5* 

Sides:

Beans- I almost passed on the beans and got the 'slaw--until I talked to the guy serving up the meat and he told me they use the trimmings and juices from the brisket to make their beans! All I can say is, ""Wow..."" Seriously the best Bean side dish I've ever had at a Q joint. Smoky, beefy, slight sweetness and the beans were cooked to perfection. 5*

Jalapeño Cheddar Grits- Pretty good rendition of this classic southern dish. The texture of the grits was on point and plenty of cheese, but I felt like it could've used more jalapeño flavor. It was a bit muted and needed that kick! 3*

Bekke's Secret Pecan Pie- I'm not sure if the name is refers to the secret recipe, or that it's not listed on LMB's wall menu? Maybe both?! Regardless, it's still a pretty cracking Pecan pie! Not too sweet and a nice flaky crust make this a must-get! 4.5*

Service & Ambiance- Located in a mostly industrial area LMB's surroundings leave much to be desired, and their parking lot is waaaay too small to accommodate their popularity. However, there is plenty of street parking close-by. All the employees were terrific; friendly, good-natured--and not stingy on the goods!! 3*Ambiance/5*Service

Value- Pretty standard high BBQ pricing, but their giant servings make you feel like you're getting a good deal. 4*

My only qualm with LMB is their wait times, as you really do need to sacrifice about two hours of time between the waiting and the eating. And that's not to mention if you wanted some Q in the AZ summer! If I lived in the area this would --unfortunately-- be a weekend only experience. So, other than the wait, LMB gets a rare 5-star BBQ review from me. Highly, highly recommended!!!"
Tried this today and all the hype is real. Easily some of the best bbq I've ever had. Get there early or you risk losing out. Line can start as early as 9am for tickets. Beef ribs and fatty brisket go first. Pork ribs and pulled pork are my  favorites.  We waited in line for an hour and it was worth every minute. Highly recommend!
I don't even need to write a review absolute best barbeque around. Brisket is out of this world.
"Seriously?
Five stars and over 2K reviews?

AND I HAVEN'T TRIED THIS PLACE YET?????

I have now. Believe the hype. Believe the reviews. 

We stood in line for about 90 minutes (as expected) and yes, they bring samples by, there's shade and ice water, and most importantly, the meat updates. 

Literally the last beef short ribs were sold to the lady in front of us (the collective sigh from the line could be heard for blocks) But it's okay, because EVERYTHING is delicious. 
We got pork spare ribs, chopped brisket (already out of fatty brisket for the day) and sausage (amazing!). 

Don't forget the sauces or the pecan pie. Literally the best pecan pie I've ever had in my life. Ever. Anywhere. 
Did I say ever?

Go there. Get there EARLY!!!! ( they open at 11, we were there at 11:45 and missed the short ribs and fatty brisket)
And bring money!!"
"Ohh little miss bbq. I'm originally from the Bay Area California and I'm always on the look out for new eats I never eat anyone's bbq besides my dads, I just haven't found anything close to his. Then I found this gem. They open at 11 but you gotta get there an HR early just to beat the crown. I had one meat and two sides. The brisket was AMAZING so juicy and tender as well as beans and grits the beans where my fav they had pull pork in then and they where great. As for the grits they where delicious as well but I have had better. In conclusion if you ever in the Phoenix area maybe coming from the airport STOP HERE ITS A MUST!"
"It was tough coming up with the rating for little miss bbq but I'd put it around a 3.5. The bbq overall is pretty good, but it isn't somewhere I would frequent due to the amount of time spent waiting outside.

Favorites - fatty brisket, pastrami, pecan pie. The brisket really does melt in your mouth and is some of the best I've had, although can be a bit salty. The pecan pie has a perfectly flaky crust, and the pie is not overly sweet and has great flavor. 

Others - pastrami has great flavor but is a bit dry  lean brisket is fine, but definitely needs some sauce as it is also dry. Pork ribs were fine but salty, and I didn't want to eat more than one. Sausage is also fine but nothing special, and wouldn't order again. 

As for sides, the potato salad is fresh and delicious. The jalapeño cheddar grits are also good but pretty standard. And the beans were creamy and rich. 

Overall, the bbq was good but I'd really only come back for the fatty brisket and pecan pie. And I wouldn't wait over an hour outside for it."
Best BBQ I EVER HAD. ITS WORTH THE LONG WAIT.  I highly recommend you to go to this barbecue restaurant when in Phoenix.  You won't regret it
"Are the lines long yes. Is it worth the wait? Beyond YES!!! Hands down the best BBQ we have ever had!! Amazing!!! There isn't anything that isn't good here!! I arrived what is considered late to get in line, 10:30 am on a Saturday. So I knew I was in for long wait in line. Got to the counter at 1:00 pm. Drove home and chowed down!! If we could give this place more than 5 stars we would!!"
Wonderful BBQ and service. Nothing fancy just delicious and very friendly staff that makes sure you have a great experience. I had the Brisket and my husband had the St Lois style ribs. Both very tender.
"First meal in Phoenix and it was a winner!! BF yelped this place as we were driving in from Sedona, and I'm glad we came! There was a short line when we arrived around 1pm on a Wednesday, but we waited about 20-30 minutes before placing our order.

FOOD:
The two of us being piggies, ordered: the two meat plate - chopped brisket and pulled pork (they were out of brisket), two pork ribs (they gave us a complimentary end cut of the ribs!), a sausage, with jalapeno cheese grits and ranch style beans PLUS all the fixings. Whew, that was a mouthful. We pretty much ate everything except for a few bites of meat that we took home and it was all DELICIOUS. The sides were delicious, meat was super tender, super flavorful and went well with the sauces. The spicy house sauce was my favorite.

Everyone at Little Miss is super friendly, super helpful and overall just great people. There's seating inside and outside and bathrooms so you can wash your hands afterwards as well. Parking lot right next to the space.

Would definitely come back!"
"It's hard to separate the food from the experience. I understand that are opening a new place, and possibly that will change the experience at this original location. 

I try barbeque everywhere I go. And I've had some really amazing bbq. And usually I get my food within 5-15 minutes of entering a place. If it's super busy and there's a wait I'm still eating within an hour and eating what I went there for. 

This place is incredibly popular and incredibly inefficient. What that translated to for me was being there over an hour before opening and standing in line for nearly 3 hours, only to have the last of the sliced wet brisket sold to the people right in front of me. 

The people working there are very friendly, Michael certainly did his best to entertain and to provide updates and explanations of what was going on. But I can guarantee you that I'll never go there again unless I hear the wait has dropped significantly. 

Parking is difficult at best. Standing for 3 hours is tiring and makes it hard to appreciate the experience at all. 

And I've had better bbq.

If the new place is promising on efficiency I'll give it a try."
"I enjoy the bbq each time I am visiting (wintering) Phoenix. My daughter is a resident and she introduced me to your bbq!! I am a native Texan living in Illinois with another daughter and her family. Each time I am blessed to enjoy your bbq , it is so delicious and tender.! Thank you for a delightful and wonderful tasting bbq outside of my home state of Texas. Your restaurant is a unbidden jewel of bbq in Arizona. See you in 2020 again"
"Mouth watering slow smoked deliciousness!!

Some of the best BBQ in the valley wonderful staff clean and friendly service.

The ribs are so tender they fall off the bone, no need for any sauce little miss bbq is the truth"
"""....dude.""

I said with a mouth full of turkey. 

This is my review yelp. Sometimes less is more. It's barbecue, not a book report. 

I'll say it again if that will make you happy Yelp. 


""....dude""

I said with a mouthful of turkey."
Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. Delicious. Yum yum yum. Everything is finger licking good
"We came here all the way from the OC, it was truly the first stop we made in Phoenix and was the best way to start our weekend. This place opens at 11 and there will be a line forming on weekends an hour before. We got here around 10:15 and there was a good 15 people in line already. After parking your car, remember to get a ticket in order to save your spot in line. A little before they open, they'll have everyone stand up and get in line in the order of your ticket. From where we were, we waited about another 45 min before getting to order. The customer service here is beyond phenomenal,m. There was a gentleman walking around and managing the parking situation who comes to greet everyone. He will make small talk with you and walked around giving everyone water as it was 110 degrees and you're standing outside. The service inside isn't any different, from the gentleman cutting the meat to the cashier, everyone treats you so well and makes sure you're happy before you leave. 

The bbq here was just top notch, we had fatty brisket, sausages, some pork & some pork ribs. They supply white bread and pickles for you as well. The fatty brisket ran out around 12:30pm...an hour and a half after opening. And there was a good reason why, the brisket it smoked perfectly, with such great flavor and the meat just pulls apart. The sausages were good as well, not the best part of the dish but certainly not bad. The pork ribs were a bit thinner then normal which is why we were given a little more. They were fantastic and pulling them off the bone was amazing."
"The fatty brisket was far better than what I could have imagined. The sharp smokiness in the same bite as the juicy fat. My mouth is watering just thinking about it again. Although this joint started serving about an hour after the time listed on Yelp, I certainly understand why. They stay true to their craft and stick to the high standard they have set for themselves. I tried most of the meats on the menu and they were all great. But the clear star has to be the fatty brisket. It drives me crazy just thinking about it. The sides were also quite delicious. The grits made for a stable carb base while the meaty beans offered a little extra depth in flavor. The best bite was when you ate everything together: meat, sides, and their signature sauces. It offered variety in taste palate and made the food so much more interesting. If you're in the area, be sure to check this place out. But beware, I heard that they're known to run out of meat later on in the day."
"This BBQ is literally as good as it gets. I have seen reviews complaining about the food, but seriously, they sell out. There is a line every day which begins forming an hour before they open. By the time they open you feel lucky if you're in the top 20 in line. At that, it will be an hour before you're served. Why? Because they're THAT good! 

I thought about asking a few people if I could take cuts; they knew I had my car running with my dog in it when I arrived at 10:15am. Once the doors opened and the real wait began, and seeing what others were ordering, and me, being from 100 miles away, my order changed from a pound of brisket to 3 pounds of brisket. People in front of me had pages of lists of orders for their workplace, etc. I knew I wouldn't be back for a long, long time and 3 pounds was what I could afford.

Their meats are exceptional! The service is fast and courteous. Yes, it's fast considering the orders being placed. I was impressed that I was out of there by noon with my prized brisket in-hand. 

There is a long wait for a reason. There is a reason they sell out. Anything less than 5 star reviews should really be considered as I see complains of them running out or the wait time. These things happen because they are that great! Nothing less than 5-stars! I could complain they're an hour away, but that doesn't keep them from selling out every, single day!"
Fun place to eat BBQ.  This is a super casual joint and the food is awesome.  The staff are friendly and  you will leave satisfied BUT expect to wait in line and most of the seating is outside but covered.  The parking is tight but the experience is well worth it.
"Looking for a unique and an exclusive Phoenix Restaurant.  So I checked Yelp and Miss BBQ should up, this place has almost 2,000 reviews for almost 5 stars,  that's an  impressive ratings. 
It took us almost an hour to get here driving, the place had 3 huge black metal  BBQ pits. With tons of chopped wook.
2 doors, one to come in to the place, one door to exist,  and guess which one we used to enter? Correct your are the exit door,  don't blame us please,  there were no signs. All the customers from all 5 tables yelled  , wrong door get out , get out . So we did and we used the other door,  yes thank you God we are in. You order your food, either by the pound or as a sandwich standing up not seated,  So we got 2 pounds of Beef  Brisket , Potato salad, and beans. Arizona ice tea to drink, and a Cactus drink.  They had three different BBQ. Sauces,  Original, Spicy, and A Mustard BBQ sauce. Let me tell you this place ,Food,Service, Location, Hours  (11_4) is all unique and worth a visit. All the employees are wonderful, Especially Seath. If you like beef Ribs come on Saturday. I recommend to Seath that they should open another location, with more tables, or maybe not, because this is what makes Miss BBQ so unique."
"Great food friendly service. 
Best BBQ outside of TX. I ever had.
Friendly staff. And very clean."
"Yummmmmmy, just like home.  There meat is to die for I haven't been here for long but this is my new go to bbq place."
"I'm not from around here, but did some researching of places and this name kept coming up. The wait wasn't bad, maybe 45 minutes. The owner (i believe) was making conversation with everyone who was waiting. Very welcoming! Made the time go by faster with his humor. 

Food- amazing! Get there early because they were already out of ribs and pulled pork. We got there around 2pm.

I had a brisket sandwich with grits. Also, sausage. The grits were AMAZING. First time having them. The brisket was juicy too! 

Friend had chopped brisket with grits and coleslaw. Coleslaw was bland.
 
We will definitely come again!"
This is probably my favorite place in Arizona the meat is just incredible it falls apart in your mouth it has great flavor and the beans there have great flavor and you have  to go at 7:00 am because if you go later in the day then you have to wait for 2 hours just to get in and to get your food so imagine how many people are there each day.Don't forget the dessert!They have yummy pecan pie it is sweet but not to sweet! YUM !You should check it out!
"This place is great! The line was long but the food was so fresh and worth the wait! I had the best fatty brisket I have ever had. The pork ribs were also really good. I didn't even have to put any sauce on them even though the bbq sauce is good as well. The sides were just okay, but the meat made up for all of them!"
"Great food but waited and hour and twenty minutes just to order. The operation side is flawed in my opinion. The food is already cooked and throughput is not what it should be. I understand that quality comes first no question about that but its not practical to come here if you can devote almost two hours for lunch. There are better ways to serve your customers without sacrificing quality that can greatly improve the operation. 

Some possible ideas here guys:

When we were waiting there were employees joking and relaxing outside not busy at all. Why not sell lunch packs for those who want take out to go? So many ideas that don't break the concept but could enhance your ops.

Lastly don't get me started on the parking. I would expand the parking into the operation and get parking set up to support the ops next door."
"OMG the absolute best best best brisket ever. The fatty brisket was sooooo delicious. I'm home back in California and I cannot stop thinking about it and cannot wait to go back to have it again.  If you haven't been here PLEASE do yourself a favor and get right down there but, Get there early so they do not run out of fatty brisket.

Service is top notch. They are so friendly and awesome."
I'm from NC so I'm picky about my bbq. Got a bunch of things delivered and it was very tasty (Texas style bbq is still epic)! Will post pics when I go wait In Line next time. Totally worth waiting
"Fantastic BBQ, by far the best bbq in the desert.  I used to live in Texas and have eaten my fair share of bbq.  The wait can be a little long, but it's worth the price.  Ribs, chicken all good.  I'm not huge for sides so not much of a comment...just like the bbq."
Hands down the best bbq I have EVER had....period....did I need to say period?....period
"Yelp's #2 restaurant from 2018 list and one of the place which was in our to-go list for long. Literally first timer for proper American BBQ dining but what an awesome experience. 

https://www.yelpblog.com/2018/02/yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-for-2018

Food - 

Short ribs :  These are beyond this world. So juicy , fatty and even tender that you can have it without using your teeth. This was my favorite. Mine weighed 1.3 lbs and price was $21/lb 

Briskets (Only lean) : Unfortunately fatty briskets sold out by our turn but these were good as well. But not comparable to ribs. Less tender than ribs. And since fat was missing , so was the real taste.

Turkey : Took because of my wife and it was tender and good. But turkeys are always dry so nothing infront of the ribs again.

Smoked pecan pie : This was star of desserts. Crispy from outside and soft inside.

My bill was ~$55 and it was worth for the experience. Must try place when you are in phoenix. 

Alert/Tip - 
Reach there early. We reached by 10:20 am and got ticket#732 when they started from 660 for that day. So literally 72 ppl ahead of us. Reach by 9:45 to get your meals early.

So since 72 folks ahead of us and they open at 11 AM sharp , so we waited in queue until 1:15 pm for our turn. It's so busy and in demand. And by our turn their famous briskets (fatty) were sold out. Behind us some 50-60 people were in queue as well. Hope they got food atleast"
"To be honest, LMB left me disappointed. I was expecting this to be a top tier BBQ joint on par with La Barbeque, Franklin's or even Green Street or Smoque here in Chicago. All of the meats were just ok. A little dry and not much flavor. The pies and beans were excellent. I would've been pissed if I didn't pre-order. The line can be 3 hrs long!. Service was 5/5 though.

No dramatic Yelp cliches like. It saddens me to write this review, or I really wanted to like this place, or everyone's favorite. ..I wish I could give zero stars.

The reality is service is outstanding, particularly for a restaurant with this much hype. Unfortunately the food was filling, but can't compete with the aforementioned BBQ joints."
Awesome bbq and just as amazing service! We tried to go back but they were closed on Mondays. Thanks for making us out of town folks feel special!
"Unbelievable. We called the university location after they closed and were directed to the 7th street location. It was lit of our way but totally worth it. We ordered chopped brisket, shredded pork, and sausage. Brisket was our favorite, but it was all good. Not too Smokey and the sides were fantastic. We had beans, slaw, beans and grits. We talked to the owner. She was really attentive to our needs and wanted to make sure that we enjoyed our food. I can't say enough great things about this restaurant. We are in town for just a short period of time, but will come back next time we visit."
"This was my first stop after landing in Phoenix and it was the best decision ever. Luckily we got the last pieces of chopped and pulled brisket before they were sold out. The pulled brisket had amazing flavor and the chopped brisket was perfectly cooked. I was also a fan of their cole slaw and homemade BBQ sauce. To finish it off, you have to try their pecan pie. I'm usually not a fan but this place changed my mind. They're baked in individual cups so it's a perfect portion for one. 

Highly recommend! Get there early because they sell out fast."
"I know what you're thinking......is it worth the wait? H-E-Double hockey sticks yeah, it is! Every time I come to Phoenix, my first stop for food is some BBQ at Little Miss BBQ. There are very few places in Texas with Que that's THIS good! Not only is their meat smoked to perfection, but their customer service is out of bounds! They come outside to let everyone know what the situation is with their meats and how much is left, so that you don't stand in line for 30 minutes and not get what you came for! This place is fantastic!"
"I highly recommend getting here at least 30mins to an hour early...there will be a person who will be passing out ticket numbers so getting in line won't be an issue...

MEAT HYPNOTISM IS REAL people....get fatty brisket...actually..yeah..nothing but fatty brisket..why don't you just take that whole slab home with you..it's that good!"
"I normally don't ever give anyplace 5 stars after only one visit, but from what I ate, this place deserves it! I typically hate fat on my meat, but was told to try the fatty brisket, and I have to say it melted in my mouth!! My girlfriend and I tried the lean and fatty brisket, ribs, turkey and multiple sides, which we enjoyed all of!"
If I could give this place negative stars I would.  We showed up at noon on a Saturday.  An employee told us it would be an hour and forty five minute wait.  He said they were almost out of sliced brisket but there was plenty of everything else.  He kept coming back and giving updates every 30 minutes saying that there was plenty of this or that.  After 2 hours we finally reach the front of the line and he comes out and says they are out of everything.  We stood in line for 2 hours and walked away with nothing.  I am in utter disbelief.  I always wanted to try this place but I can't ever see myself waiting in line to try it again.  Won't give them a chance to do this to me again.
"I have always enjoyed the Tempe location always worth the wait.
I just stopped by Sunnyslope and blown-away We tried everything
loved everything and will be back soon. Fatty Brisket just melts on the fork before you even have a chance to taste it. Jalapeno Grits turns non-grits people into grit lovers. Next time RIBS see you friday!"
"If it wasn't for the long line this place would be 5 stars all day!!! I guess they say ""if its good, it's worth the wait"""
"well worth the wait!!! that brisket. oh my damn, that brisket"
"If you're coming here then you already know what time it is! Absolutely the best brisket and maybe even the best bbq in general in the valley. The food is so good here that it has people waiting outside during the Summer months for an hour+ just to get their order in. I also tried their ranch style beans and pecan pie which was also superb. 

The biggest opportunity they have at the Tempe location is perhaps their parking situation. It can get a little crazy even when you have the parking lot attendant there guiding you. If you want to be one of the first people in line then I suggest arriving at least an hour before opening."
Why is there only 1 person preparing the meat order?  Are you SERIOUS.  A 2hr wait only because there is 1 person doing the meat order.  I don't mind waiting in line for good food but when it is done moronically like here wvery  Forget it. You don't care about your customers since you rather have them stand in line and wait. No thanks.
"I came here with my sister and boyfriend on a Thursday while we were visiting Arizona for spring break. This place was 30 minutes away from our airbnb. Arrived an hour before it opened ( a little after 10) and there was a man passing out tickets in the parking lot. We parked and waited until around 10:30-10:45am to line up for the restaurant to open. We were #50-52 and the wait was around half an hour. While waiting in line there was a lady passing out some samples of their homemade sausages. 

We ordered 2 pastrami&brisket plates ( they only have this on Thursdays) and my boyfriend ordered 2 plate meat of brisket and pulled pork. We ordered 1/2 lb of fatty brisket to go. I'm not a big fan of BBQ but the pastrami and brisket were so good !! I didn't even need a knife to cut it into pieces. Using a fork and just twisting it on the meat breaks it right off. All their homemade bbq sauces were also very unique and tasty. The workers there were all so friendly and made sure we were doing okay and if the food was good. 

I would definitely come back here next time I visit. Food was good and service was spectacular."
"If God opened up a BBQ place in Heaven, it would be called Little Miss BBQ.

This place is keeps me speechless.  We now have a group of 10+ people who go here once a month.  

I first heard of this place when some friends came by our work with leftovers and said ""Hey try this..""  I was floored..  Two weeks later, we came by for our first trip.

I was never a brisket person until this place.  Standing in line, the guy behind the counter would cut small pieces for us to try.  Mind blow...  Since then that is all I get.  This last time I got a full pound of brisket for lunch!!  I couldn't believe how easy it was to eat all of it.  I mixed it up with fatty and lean brisket.  Though, I do prefer the fatty.  

This place is just insane with flavors. If you haven't been here, GO NOW!  Just stop reading this, jump in your car and GO!."
"I purchased the Christmas Eve special which was a cold whole brisket vacuum sealed. On the website it stated it would come with a little bit of sauce but it did not. I would recommend for the future to purchase bottles of sauce. 

I assumed I could pick up/purchase sauce the day of but you can't. 

The brisket was great btw."
"Talk about DELICIOUS! The brisket here is to dead for! Trust me when I say this the line is definitely worth the wait! The staff is super friendly, a very down to earth feel. The cute and courteous ol man delegating the parking situation is so sweet offering us water while we waited in the car. Well deserved 5star!"
"Fatty brisket, fatty brisket, fatty brisket. delicious and the staff here is AMAZING. The wait is well worth it and they make you as comfortable as possible."
"Oh my word.  This has got to be the best of the best barbecue.  I'm not a fan of grits, but damn, your's are amazing!!!"
Ended up stopping by here the other day with a few friends. And I have to tell you the barbecue here is the best I've ever had. I had the pork ribs and my friends had the brisket.  It was all good. Loved this place and loved the food.
"This is the best bbq I have found in Arizona! I have visited the Phoenix location on 7th st and the people are so friendly! I haven't had bbq like this since the last time I went to Texas, there's even a bread, pickle and onion station. My man and I have gone twice in 2 weeks and tried something new every time- so far the ribs, sliced brisket, pulled pork and sausage does not disappoint! The potato salad reminds me of my families recipe and the grits have cheese and green Chile in them. Try this place if you are anyone who loves barbecue done right!"
"Damn this place!  So much wrong that makes it oh so right. 

I'll start with the line. When I got there just after noon (my bad) I was about the 30th person in line and, damn, the line moved soooooooo slow. In the first half hour I saw maybe a dozen people come out of the place of worship. But, to be honest, it builds the anticipation. By the time I got to just outside the door I was like a kid trying to peak in the circus tent and like Ralphie planning to tell Santa he wanted a Red Rider BB gun, I had practiced and practiced my order. '1 pound of pork ribs to go, double meat plate, lean brisket (they were already out of the fatty brisket as apparently it's their holly grail) and sausage for here with ranch beans and potato salad'.

I got up to the Willie Wonka of meat and actually nailed my order. So proud I didn't crack under the pressure.  Out the door I went with my meat cornucopia to the crappy outside seating area. 

Now the next chapter; the food. I went straight to the brisket and found religion!  The skies parted and the angels sang. I can only imagine the orgasmic experience their fatty brisket must be like (do I have that name right?).  The sausage and ranch beans were exceptional as well. The potato salad.....well not everything can be the best I've had. I'm not a big fan of BBQ sauce believing the meat should not need it to be a quality product. That said, I'd put their house regular sauce on cardboard and happily eat it. 

Okay, this has been long enough! I'll end by saying the pork ribs I had for dinner after I got home, possibly the best I've ever had. One last thing; don't forget the pecan pie, out-stand-ing!"
"Try everything, you won't be dissapointed. Beef ribs and brisket are a must. Turkey is really juicy."
"Yelp needs to update the classification for the restaurant. There is no way that an over 60 minutes wait in line is a restaurant that is good for kids. Stood in the same spot for 30 minutes in line. The good food is not an excuse for terrible service and a poorly run kitchen which is clearly the problem here. If the line were long but moving then that would be understandable. The line is long and not moving which means they don't have the right food up and ready. 

Also strange that any review that is critical of this restaurant is immediately down votes to not recommended. Funny how that works."
"Stayed in line for nearly 2 hours...on a Wednesday, right when they opened. Ordered a sampler of every meat, so I could really make that wait worth it. End result....wouldn't do it again. Does not live up to  the hype. 

The samples they give out while your in line is completely different from what you actually eat. Pretty upsetting if you ask me.

This is no Nashville or Kansas City BBQ"
"This place is amazing. And really, amazing doesn't seem like nearly strong enough of a word. 

The hubs and I were in Phoenix for a wedding, staying at the airport Hilton. I looked up what food was around there and came across this mysterious place. We had absolutely nothing to do on Friday when our flight got in just before 10AM so we came on over. There were probably about 25 or 30 people in front of us, but we got a parking spot in the lot and got in line. It was still the middle of September, so it was pretty freaking hot out. At first the hubs and I were just taking it all in, looking at the gorgeous set up they have, and drinking as much water as possible. 

As time went on, we started to talk to strangers and get a little more information about Little Miss. We talked to a few members of their incredibly friendly and informative staff as well as a few return patrons. Really, the line was painless, we were in the shade with plenty of water and friendly people. 

Well, it turns out it was a good idea to make friends with the guy in front of us. He bought the last of the fatty brisket, but let us get enough for our order! We also tried the pulled pork, a sausage, and a giant beef short rib. The short rib and fatty brisket were my favorite. The hubs barely got any of the short rib because I was so obsessed with it. They have good sauce, but it's not necessary at all. 

Bottom line: Come early, drink lots of water, be friendly, order everything."
"Great atmosphere, feels like a good ol backyard get together. Friendly staff. The pulled pork tastes like magic. Amazing turkey. Excellent sauces."
"We arrived on a (hot) Friday at 10:30am and ordered at 11:40. Their parking lot holds ~30 cars, but it was full by 11:15. Most early arrivals dined in, but a couple people made to go orders, intermittently freeing up spots before the first diners left. When we left around 12:45, there were ample spots open.

Meats:
-Our favorite was definitely the pork rib - the meat slipped off the bone, and it was super juicy.
-The beef short rib (an absolute unit) had a flavor that reminded me of peppery beef jerky. The giant bone helped retain moisture in the meat, and the flavor was wonderful.
-Next came the fatty brisket. I thought the brisket was above above average but didn't think it fully live up to the hype - the fatty portion on top was great, but the bottom portion was carried by the top half.
-Pulled pork was also fantastic. We tried some turkey, which was extremely Smokey and delicious on turkey standards, but definitely outshone by the previous 3. Sausage was also good - loved that snappy casing.

Sides: We didn't get the cole slaw, but got single orders ($2.50 each) of the grits, baked beans, and potato salad. Grits were the favorite (super creamy), then the potato salad (clean cubes in a non mayo-y sauce), then the baked beans (I'm partial to sweeter baked beans, but these still weren't bad). Complimentary toppings included some superb pickles, as well as pickled jalapeños and sliced white onion. The white bread they give prevents more room for meat in your tummy, but definitely helps digestion later on. Sauces were all great too!

Everyone is seriously SO nice. We were constantly offered water to stay hydrated, and even after sitting down to eat, were given water by a circulating pal. The meat master was friendly and helpful, as were the sides sorcerer and cashier commander.

Logistics/misc:
- Beef short ribs only on Friday and Saturday
- Pastrami on Thursdays
- Lots of outdoor picnic tables, and indoor seating has 5 tables of four
- They say the heat will deter people from coming, but not really the case so don't expect a shorter line by any means 
- If you're worried about waiting outside, they have ample shade, misters, and water to keep you alive (I thought the wait flew by, but maybe that was just me).
- Also, I ate a ridiculous amount of meat, didn't eat anything for the rest of the day, and I have what feels like a hangover nearly 12 hours later...but it's all good!!

This trip was totally worth it, and I will be back!"
"I wish I could give them 10 stars!! I kind of don't want the word to get out that this is the best BBQ in Arizona, maybe the Western United States,  but the wait times are already an hour+ long everyday, so I guess the word is out. Great staff too!!"
"This place is the bomb! I'm from Ga, and I've always said that i can't find someone that makes better BBQ than I do, with my arsenal of 4 different types of grills. I stand corrected. I haven't been a brisket fan over the years because I can't find any place that knows how to cook it, and admittedly, that's one thing I can't do. Little Miss is awesome. BBQ as it's supposed to be. Most of the sides are ""ok"", grits are great! But even with ""mediocre"" sides, the meat makes up for it. Everything is good: ribs, turkey, sausage, pork, brisket. Awesome stuff!"
"You will wait for a very long time. They will take good care of you and it will be worth every minute. Best BBQ in all the land (of Arizona, anyway)."
"Meat Coma... Amazing meat comas... Beef ribs are expensive but a must-have at least once, fatty brisket is jaw dropping and sausage is moist and full of flavor. Stop reading and go (arrive before 11-noon!)"
"This is one hell of a great barbecue. There's nothing on the menu that isn't great. The only problem is that there is a huge wait all the time. So if you're in a hurry you can forget about getting the best barbecue in Phoenix.

But if you have time to burn this is definitely the barbecue spot for you."
"I am a regular at the university location, tried to place a Thanksgiving preorder, and spoke to James about the website being down. Told me i would be good only to find out not the case. Just bad customer service, and for how good it is, i wish they would stand behind promises, and not break them."
"The best! Hands down this is a do not miss in my book. Expect an hour plus wait, totally worth it. This is now the standard by which I judge all BBQ."
"TLDR; this place is amazing not only for their food but also their customer service. Be sure to try the fatty brisket and the pecan pie. 

We went Saturday morning of Presidents Day weekend so I thought it would be more crowded than usual. But when we got there at 9AM to reserve our spot in line, there was no one. We ended up being fifth! You get the option to leave and come back later once you get a line ticket. If you do, just be back by 10:30AM. We decided to just stay in the parking lot since a lot of reviews said the parking lot gets full.

The line system pretty much works like Southwest Airlines. There are markers along the wall and fence that say which numbers should be at that point and about how long it will take from there to front. At the front of the line, there's a rock stacking game for your chance at a free pecan pie! 

When it was finally our turn to order, they gave us samples of the fatty brisket and the sausage. We ended up ordering double meat plates and a pecan pie. It's a first-come-first-serve seating with an indoor and outdoor seating area. 

Fatty brisket: SO GOOD. Honestly, it's so well seasoned that you don't really need to add any extra sauce, which you can. They have their own in-house sauce that's really good. The meat was so tender and the fat wasn't too overwhelming. 

Pulled pork: This was just alright to me. Some pieces were a bit dry but dipping it in their BBQ sauce made it better. 

Pecan pie: SO GOOD TOO. Not overly sweet and the crust was crunchy and buttery. 

I would definitely come back if I'm back in town. I wouldn't risk coming late though. I've heard the waits could go up to 3 hours. And once they run out of food for the day, they close shop!"
We stopped in here today before our flight back to San Francisco. I had the best pulled pork sandwich that I have ever had. What's more impressive is the service. Every worker was outgoing and friendly. They went above and beyond to make us feel at home. I have three boys and they made them sandwiches and milk--for free. I will 100% stop in here every time I'm in PHX!
"Great FOOD, enough said. I don't have to say much but it's EVERYTHING. The lines are long, but moves quick."
"Get here early! By 9 AM. Yes, I know they say they open at 11 AM. If you want BBQ you must sacrifice your time and come hungry! I recommend going with friends to keep you company or bring games to play. Or hell make new friends while you wait. Food always brings people together. Fortunately, I convinced my friends from San Diego to meet me her for lunch after their 5 hour drive to Arizona! LOL We were all visiting for Memorial Weekend and had a good time catching up while we waited. 

You could bring your own beverages, but Little Miss will provide cold bottles of water while you wait in the covered patio. That is very nice and generous of them to make sure we are not parched and prevent us from passing out in the desert heat. 

I haven't had Texas style BBQ in awhile since I move away from the Lone Star state. So, I was very excited for some smokey, buttery, fatty, and juicy Brisket! 

While we were waiting they passed out sliced sausages to try. Reminding us why we are in line... just hang on, BBQ will be served...

My plate combo arrived... Brisket, Pulled Pork, Beans, and grits! I dug into the brisket first. So, was it worth the wait??!

Yes!

I had leftovers and ate it the next day at the airport!"
The most amazing place for bbq in Phoenix. Get there at 11 or 4. Go on Thursday for the pastrami. You're welcome. Special things daily. Full bar great food. Get there early.
"Just reaffirming my former 5-star review with some added items that I tried recently.

Ordered the brisket and pastrami plate.  The bark on the pastrami is crazy.  Thick, salty, peppery.  In terms of tenderness, it is on par with Katz's pastrami in NYC.  It is saltier than theirs.  On its own, the saltiness was a little much.  But eating it with the potato salad or white bread mellowed the seasoning and you're just able to enjoy the tender, moist goodness of the beef.  

The fatty brisket that I ordered along with it was, again, amazing.  

I also ordered the smoked pecan pie.  Get it.  Get it now.  Get it to go.  It is, I believe, one of the best pecan pies I've had in my life.  The crust is flaky and buttery and hold up to the flavor of the filling.  The filling is sweet but not sickeningly sweet like in other pecan pies.  It's sticky without being over-heavy.  The pecans on the pie add great texture are excellent on their own.  This is a world class pecan pie.  

Also had the sausage for the first time.  Love it.  Nice, thick casing.  A crazy snap when you bite or cut into it.  Just enough jalapeno to make it interesting.  It is thick and juicy and porky.  Another superlative dish from a superlative establishment."
"As a wiseman once said, 'some things in life are worth waiting for'..........This place is one of them!!!
I've been told over and over by many friends that 'you have to try this place.' Today was the day. Thinking it would be less crowded due to the rain, I was off base. However, after arriving about 20 minutes before opening, we weren't too far back in the line and we were able to park easily in the main lot.  While waiting, I was handed a sample of the smoked sausage and I must say, for someone who has eaten very little sausage in my life, it was very savory without an aftertaste.  I also got a sample of the fatty brisket while ordering. Wow, so yummy!  I ordered the pulled turkey and pork. DELISH!!! I also got the coleslaw and beans. Omg, I'm in heaven 
I totally recommend this place to all. I will return and probably not soon enough. Just sayin!"
"Great food. Great atmosphere. I've traveled all over the country for great barbeque, and this is it. I can't wait to go back with my family and friends!"
Best BBQ in The Valley!  Long lines at early hours but well worth it.  Brisket..... yummmmm!
"From the helpful staff to the amazing food, this place is well worth the wait. I recommend waiting in line outside 30 minutes before they open to ensure you'll get first pick of everything delicious before menu items run out."
"First stop when we are back in AZ is Little Miss BBQ!! Today the pork ribs were my favorite. Fall of the bone tender, juicy,seasoned to perfection. Brisket was great, and the beans and red potato salad are must haves!! Got the pecan pie to go. Everyone was to full.  Took about an hour in line, but everyone in line was friendly and made the wait fun. People from California, Canada, and even a scout for the Blue Jays!! Never know you will met in line at Little Miss BBQ! Wish I could get it ten stars!!!"
"I was visiting AZ for a couple of days and did some research on what places I wanted to try while I was here. Little Miss BBQ was one such place.

I did my homework, studied Yelp reviews and executed my plan. I learned that they run out of food often. Well, I didn't want that to happen to me. They open @ 11 am, I was there @ 9:45 am. After that, there was another half an hour wait after the doors are opened. Fine. Then, I was rewarded with the best BBQ I have had in my life! All of the meats melted in my mouth!!! Very tender! Good sides, too. They put a great number of BBQ restaurants in Chicago to shame (Sorry, John B.)! They do it the conventional way (Sorry again, John B.).

""If you play your cards right, everything is gonna be alright..."" (Alicia Myers).

I did just that and got exactly what I wanted :-)"
"Ok, you should try it, but just eat there if there is no line because it's not the heaven that makes you forget all the waiting time. I waited for 40 min and they were out of the fat brisket. The sandwich was good, but again, not payed off the waisted time."
"This BBQ was worth the wait!

We arrived on a Friday afternoon around 12, had to park a few blocks away. The wait was over an hour but worth it. I was able to snag some ribs, Brisket, and smoked Turkey. They ran out of quite a few items so we should've arrived sooner. The brisket just melted in my mouth and was the perfect blend of smoke, fat, and flavor. Smoked turkey was a surprising favorite too. I didn't think I would like it so much but great option. The staff was also super friendly and warm. They took time out to speak to everyone who dined there. I recommend Little Miss BBQ to everyone who visits the Phoenix area."
"Holy Crap!!!
Absolutely amazing. If you have an extra 30 minutes on the way to the airport swing by and enjoy. Deserves every dam star it has gotten."
"Yum I couldn't ask for a better meal. Reminded me of home cooked food. 
Will be coming back here especially when the parents are back in town. 
Great customer service. Enjoy every minute of the place."
"Items Selected:
Sliced Fatty Brisket, Pulled Pork, Jalapeno Cheddar Grits, Ranch Style Beans
Spicy Pork + Beef and Onion Sausage, Bone-in Pork Ribs, 1lb Beef Rib, Coleslaw, Potato Salad
Smoked Pecan Pie

Said by many to be Texas-standard, words rarely thrown-around lightly by respectable sources, it was minutes past 10:00am that the car was parked a stone's throw from Sky Harbor Airport, the line at Little Miss BBQ already twenty-deep and soon to swell well past two-hundred before the restaurant's doors opened up.

Spawned from the world of Competition BBQ, one of the owners' Austin-roots infusing the team with passion and perspective no different from the Franklins and Muellers of the world, Little Miss BBQ represents the dream of Scott and Bekke Holmes - a Pitmaster with a culinary degree and his wife who has helped both as inspiration and in the kitchen.

Opened in February of 2014, patrons and accolades flooding the industrial storefront ever since, a trip to Little Miss BBQ will be immediately familiar to those who've dined at Texas' best, the wood piles rimming the parking lot ready to be loaded into an offset smoker straight from Texas, the laminated outdoor menu promising everything from sliced Brisket, pulled Pork and Turkey to jumbo Beef Ribs.

One-upping many from the Lone-star State by making their spicy-Sausage on-site, samples whetting appetites as a young server circulated the line a few minutes before their eleven o'clock opening, it was precisely as the minute-hand reached 12 that the line lurched forward, several far-back letting out a small cheer even though they would spend yet another hour in anticipation.

Perhaps a bit more packed than usual, the week between Christmas and New Year's plus a Fiesta Bowl crowd making a long weekday lunch more accessible to some, it was on approach of the counter that the crowd watched meats unloaded from the smoker get wrapped in foil or butcher paper, the moist Protein again revealed by Chef Holmes in a slow and methodical manner as orders are placed, each tray or plate lined and tared as he smiles and thanks fans while handing out small bites and occasional burnt-ends to those most fortunate.

Keeping the menu simple, Meats by the pound or combo-plates featured alongside four Sides, classic Condiments and one Dessert, it was to a grand tally of $54 that nearly four pounds of Barbeque plus one of each side was taken to an indoor table, glasses of water filled from an outside cooler with three housemade Sauces ready in waiting.

Struck by the humble vibe, but not about to waste anymore time before tucking into the Fatty Brisket that Scott's knife had glided through like Butter, comparisons to Aaron Franklin immediately became apparent as the peppery bark gave way to pure decadence, the prime-grade Beef more than juystifying its cost, as does the sizable Cow Rib with such a deep ring of smoke that it barely adhered to the bone beneath it.

More impressed by the warm sides than chilled ones, spicy Grits as smooth as they get while Pinto Beans are upgraded by a substantial amount of Meat, Little Miss BBQ's pulled-Pork and Spare-Ribs are also as good as the majority found outside Kansas City, the latter slipping cleanly from the bone with each made even better by the restaurant's Tomato-based Hot Sauce while Bekke's Pecan Pie made a believer of even someone who claims not to enjoy such things, the smoked top-layer of Nuts helping to mellow a Maple and Brown Sugar Jam bottom."
"Having lived in North Carolina and having visited Kansas City, I Did not see some of the best BBQ I've ever had coming from Phoenix, Arizona. Every bite deserved 5 stars.

One negative. There is no cornbread."
"Alright this place is the real deal.  Stumbled on this place while watching water polo at ASU.  Being from Texas - always have high expectations for BBQ.  Brisket was off the hook: moist, perfect amount of smoky oak, perfectly cooked (not crumbling but fork tender).  Pork ribs were beautifully cooked with lots of meat and loosely pull from the bone.  Beans were awesome.  Note to owner: need two people chopping and serving to move the line quicker.

It was about 1 1/2hr wait but well worth it."
"Little Miss BBQ

Is this the ""best barbecue""? That's a very subjective term. Is it better than that place on the highway outside Asheville I stopped at a couple years ago? Is it better than that family-run place in Waco from 15 years ago? Don't recall. Don't care. Got stuff at the end of the day by scoping the place out the day before (they hadn't run out by 4 PM; they apparently run out on the weekends). The lunchtime wait is usually 20 people, and we didn't have the time at lunchtime.
So how is it? Well, the potato salad was pretty good, smoked pecan pie I might call that the best pecan pie ever. Pickles nice and tart. But the brisket with house sauce; excellent. The house sauce is a tiny bit spicy, with a great tomato base flavor. The chopped brisket is tender (without being mushy), juicy, flavorful, and appropriately fatty. I mean the place ain't big or fancy; probably best to get food to go. The folks are really friendly and one can tell take pride in offering what - to this New Englander - is certainly one of the best barbecue in recent memory. Oh, and I sampled the ""cheesy jalapeño grits"" yesterday. Those are hands-down the best grits evah."
"Absolutely AMAZING! Best BBQ ever! Smoked brisket (both lean & fatty), cut the way you want.  Sides were equally amazing. I didn't feel like the sauces (table side) were anything super special, but honestly, they weren't needed. In addition to the amazing brisket, pork, turkey, etc., is an exceptional staff. Some of the nicest folks you'll ever meet. And while you're waiting in line for your order, they provide samples along with complimentary water. Be sure to go early (before they open) or you're looking at quite the wait and potentially them running out of your favorites. People will come place orders of 20+ sandwiches ""to go""."
"Not going to lie I dig this place a lot and it's not just because of the very very very say it three times for emphasis cute lady who takes your order. The food is great, always like a place where you can go in order something for ten bucks and I walk away and be like I think I'm good for meals for the rest of the day. Like it doesn't have that quick barbecue feel that you would get from I don't know ordering it from one of those fast food joints actually taste like they did it on a slow cooker or the meats fresh and all of that not coming from some frozen area. I love going there during lunch grab it real quick usually I'll grab a protein drink for dinner because I'm still very full. The menu has quite a lot to choose from I will add this in here I've never actually sat and ate there but they have ESPN on every time I come in so if I ever decide to sit there they got the right TV station on for my enjoyment. But once again if you're in the area of 40th Street and Broadway like it's worth it especially cuz it's right off the I-10 you can literally hop off of it minute drive bam you're at their location and when it when you put in your order it doesn't take very long they get your food ready and out to go very fast so it's 100% worth your time"
Is it worth it YES I have heard a lot of good things about Little Miss BBQ and they're all true. Brisket was amazing jalapeño sausage was off the chain the turkey has so much flavor my new favorite barbecue spot in Phoenix.
Bomb!!!! Just flew in and came straight here we arrived at 2pm and only thing left was chopped brisket and was not disappointed can't wait to try other stuff really worth it.
The wow factor has touched my pallet in a magnificent way! My taste buds are literally exploding like a shot gun! I've passed this place a lot but didn't stop because of the line out the door! Well let me just say it's worth the wait! Come on down here for a exciting experience and some great services . Make sure to try the burned pigs feet tips! Highly recommend!
"I came to Little Miss BBQ based on a recommendation from another BBQ restaurant owner.  He was telling me about how this BBQ Team beat him and several other regional competition BBQ Teams in a recent contest.  He said they had cooked some of the best brisket he's had in a long time.  

Well, he's right.  They have excellent BBQ brisket!  It doesn't last long after they open, so you'll need to get their early.  I did try everything else and found it all to be very good.  Their pulled pork was average compared to some other BBQ places around Phoenix, but their ribs, smoked sausage and their brisket were awesome.  I like their jalapeño grits a lot and their potato salad as well.  

They are located in this very little place however they do have some seating set up outside.  With the cooler weather of winter in Phoenix, dinning outside is very nice!  Writing this review is making me hungry for some Little Miss BBQ!  I'm most certainly looking forward to my next visit and I hope to see you there!"
Visiting Arizona. Great food. Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. Plenty of parking. Good prices. Beans amazing. Meat tender and full of flavor.
"Of course this place has 5 stars, how could it not? It's the best BBQ around, not just AZ but better than Texas and N. Carolina! Yeah, I said it. Fight me! The waits are long and they sell out around lunchtime but they make sure to pass out samples as you wait and provide bottled water when standing in line in the summer. Seriously THE BEST."
This is literally the best bbq place I have been to in my life. The line is always incredibly long (1 hour plus) but I think it has been worth it every time I've gone.  You really can't go wrong with anything that you order and they will give you samples and recommendations when you are in line. If you are hungry I would recommend getting the pecan pie. It is the best. Parking is not surprisingly difficult but they make it work.
"Unfortunately they were out of pulled pork and the sausage by the time we got there at 2 pm. Fortunately the brisket was the best I've ever had. I got the sliced brisket sandwich and it was loaded with slices of brisket. It was tender and the peppered crust added just the right kick. Husband had the chopped brisket sandwich and they don't include that peppery crust in the chopped brisket so not quite as flavorful. Tried the three sauces offered and they all were delicious. Coleslaw was good, jalapeño cheese grits were a little flat. Could have used more jalapeños. They suggested we get there at 10:15 am (they open at 11 am) if we want to be sure to get what we want. Line starts forming even before that."
"Wow, wow, wow! So the hype is real. The weather is cooling off and I decided to commit to standing in line early to beat the LMBBQ rush. Well worth the 1.5hour wait. I took a huge order to-go and tried everything on the menu because I didn't want to leave any stone un-turned. Everything and I mean, everything was exceptional. I'm a meats&potatoes kinda girl and I was impressed with the badly, smoky flavor packed fatty brisket so much I found myself wishing I had ordered even more. 
Seasoned to perfection."
What can I say but... The greatest barbecue I've ever had! And the customer service is always outstanding.
"Wow! Just wow! I have been to quite a few BBQ places in my life and this one is right up on top. This place not only takes pride in customer service, they are very proud of what they serve as well as they should be. 
BBQ is a tough one to get just right... let alone perfect. 
I will definitely be returning and suggest you all do the same. Worth the effort."
''This place is pure torture if you get in line starving!!! It feels like your in a prison camp watching people bring out their chosen last meal!!!
"Worth the wait. The fatty brisket was so delicious, totally worth arriving an hour before so you don't have to risk the kitchen running out of meat.  The sides weren't bad either, the bake bean has so much meat in it, grits was amazing, as well as the potato salad. Service there was very friendly."
"Long wait but well worth it. The staff are beyond friendly; boisterous & affable. They ran out of a few things which probably saved our waistlines, but the lean brisket, chopped brisket, pulled pork, beans & coleslaw were all wonderful. The whole family was making yummy noises in the car while we scarfed it down. (It was 114° outside so the AC was warranted.)

Can't imagine how good the fatty brisket must be based on what we had."
"I love me some bbq, so when a coworker told me about this place, I had to check it out while I was in town. I was warned ahead of time that there would be a line, that they have a limited amount of everything, and that they close whenever they run out. I headed here right away after I dropped my bags at the hotel (which I booked because of it's close proximity). Shortly after getting in line, an employee came out and announced that the fatty brisket (my go to bbq) was gone for the day, and that the pulled pork and ribs were almost gone. Fortunately, I didn't get shut out. Despite my preference for fattier brisket, this might be the best brisket I've ever had. The ribs were also fantastic, and the sausage was very good too. The beans, and cole slaw were very good. My only knocks on the place is their side options aren't plentiful, and the bbq sauces are good but not great in my opinion. Also, there are only about 5 tables that are big enough for 4 people, so seating may be tough. The service was awesome, and the staff were all extremely friendly and welcoming though!  I'll definitely be back!"
Best BBQ ever. I would wait all day for this experience again. Staff was also super friendly and made the whole experience even better.
"Great food, all that for 18 bucks , I took half home for dinner later. The staff is great and friendly you can ask any question and they'll answer it for you, they're always handing out samples, great place to take an  out of town guests."
"I cannot say enough about Little Miss Bbq. The staff was so gracious and friendly. We arrived at 10:15 and were given tickets so we could wait in the car with ac until 10:40 when we were asked to line up according to ticket numbers. It was hot waiting in line, but they had chairs, water, misters, and samples. The doors opened at 11:00 and I would say we ordered by 11:20.

The food was amazing! Well worth the wait in the 105 degree heat!! I will be back next time we are in Phoenix."
"You wanna talk about commitment?
Me and my boyfriend drove at 2:30am from Los Angeles to get to Little Miss in Phoenix at exactly 9:30am on a Thursday to be one of the firsts in line (we were the 4th and 5th people). We were supposed to be in Phoenix for the weekend for a friend's birthday, but we came a FULL DAY earlier JUST so we could have time to wait for Little Miss in the morning. Like we paid for a whole 'nother AirBnb mostly so we could have our precious Little Miss bbq again. If that's not love (for meat), I'm not sure what is. 

This was our second time and it was just as amazing as the first. There's a ticket system now, which is amazing because it means you can hold your place in line without actually needing to stand in line (you can chill in your car or drive somewhere else before they officially open @ 11). 

Be warned that there's a lot of mosquitos while you wait because of the fertilizer in the plants, but they hand out free samples and free water while you wait in line, which is awesome.

Hands down, some of the best customer service I've ever experienced. The staff at the counter are so friendly and they try to make conversation with all of their customers. They look like they genuinely enjoy their jobs and it's just such a happy environment to be in. They'll put you in such a good mood. Tip these people well!

Now, the food. We tried:

- Fatty brisket - AMAZING. Literally the star of the show and all everyone ever talks about. This thing is DRIPPING with juices and contains so much flavor. 

- Pork ribs - literally falls off the bone. My second favorite. 

- Turkey (seasonal) - I only had a bite of this but it was probably some of the best turkey I've ever had. I wish my turkeys tasted like this on Thanksgiving. Seasonal menu item, so snag some while you can. 

- Jalapeño cheese grits - My favorite side. It's creamy with the smallest kick from the jalapeños. The perfect muted companion to all the flavorful meats. 

- Country beans - BF's fave. Also cooked with meat and has a robust, almost-smoked flavor.

- Pecan pie - as amazing as they say. The pie is the perfect mini size for 1-2 people and the inside is soft and delectably sweet. I almost got the seasonal pumpkin Nutella pie, but decided on the pecan since it's a classic and was recommended to me by a server over it. It was kinda a hard decision but I have 0 regrets.

Side note, the spicy sauce is everything. You must get it even if you're not into spice because it's amazing.

All of this food was around $50 to feed both my bf and I and it was worth every penny tbh. It was able to feed us for the entire day (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) since the portions are so filling. Just take my money, you deserve it.

I'm literally a walking advertisement for Little Miss at this point, but the point is that this place is bbq heaven on earth."
"I lived in the South for 6 years. Also still travel their weekly for both work and pleasure. So I love great BBQ. If you're looking for sold spot in Phoenix, Little Miss BBQ delivers!

The food is fantastic as are the various sauce options. I especially recommend the brisket, pulled pork, or pork ribs for your meat selection. The portion sizes can be hefty, so the food is best enjoyed with a friend.

The service has always been great, and the staff super kinds. The only downside was the wait. But they supply water and keep you cool with their misting system in the meantime.

If you're in need of a great BBQ place near the airport, I highly recommend you try this place."
"I wish I could give this place 6 stars! The food is beyond belief. The guys who serve it are amazing too but the food. The food! The brisket is THE best I've ever had. I actually saw a guy get shivers of delight tasting it. The meat melts in your mouth and takes you to heaven. 

I've tried almost everything there. Just need to go back for lamb and sausage now. But I'll wait till after Easter. The line there is usually a long wait (but worth it!). I can only imagine how crazy it'll be this close to the holiday. 

How good is this stuff? Let's put it this way: I live 45 minutes away and would happily go back and stand in line. :D"
"Amazing little wood fired bbq joint. Left the airport and looked for something local. Lots of reviews and most of the yelpers don't disappoint. I had the brisket and smoked Turkey. Phenomenal! Highly recommend. Slight wait, but worth it."
outstanding food and very worth the wait!!! friendly staff but the do run out of food.
"Perfection on all levels! I love BBQ and I have never had bbq as good as little miss bbq. The wait is usually pretty long but I swear it's completely worth it. I was told that Tuesdays are the best days since the line is shorter. 

When you get there, you must order the fatty brisket. Juicy and delicious! It is beyond the best brisket I have ever had. Also the turkey is smoked perfectly, the sausage is house made and the jalapeno cheddar grits are absolutely the best grits I've eaten. This is a must stop for anyone that loves BBQ. You'll dream of this place after you tried it once"
"One of the best places for brisket! Great service and always awesome bbq! The lines may be long, but it is well worth the wait. I highly recommend it!"
"Expect a long line just to order...but if you can spare the time, it's well worth it!!  GREAT Bar-B-Que for sure, so spend the time at least once to give it a try. Ribs, sliced beef, pulled pork - all top notch!!"
"I just wasn't in the mood to cook a turkey this year and someone recommended Little Miss BBQ to pre-order, in the Yelp Community chat.

First of all customer service is top-notch, they are super responsive to their Facebook messages and email and even called to confirm my order and answered all my questions. 

I was worried about getting a smoked turkey because my only experience with one was getting it at the State Fair which usually disappoints me, but I was promised by the staff that there's is done right and it will forever change my mind.

Well they lived up to their promise and we can't wait to come in and try some of the other items soon. It was well worth the hour-long wait to see my husband's smiling face as he devoured his turkey leg this year!

Thanks for saving our Thanksgiving!"
"Finally tried them. Got there at 330 on a Wednesday, all they had left was brisket.
Brought a pound home and it was luscious!!!
Would give them 5 stars, but they are very pricey for take away food."
"Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):
1 star:  Never again.
2 stars:  Poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
3 stars:  Average, nothing really special, nothing particularly bad.
4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.
5 stars:  A favorite, one of the best.

Just another 5-star review.

You already know this place is awesome, I'm just here to affirm you and your feelings.

Have traveled the South and Texas and everywhere in-between for good BBQ.  One meat in particular.  The brisket here is the best in Arizona.  Hands down.  It is also, one of the best in the nation.  Texas-style BBQ done right is a glorious thing, and the brisket shows it off best.  The brisket here is a revelation.

The pork ribs are smoky and peppery and also delicious.  The pulled pork is also superlative.  The sausages are very good, I'm still deciding if the sausages down in Texas are that much better than this place.

One note about ribs.  People talk about ""fall off the bone"" tender, but the best ribs do NOT fall off the bone upon picking up the rib or with the touch of a fork.  The best ribs come off the bone easily when you bite into it, but still have texture and chew.  The best ribs are not the perfect food for your toothless 80-year-old grandpa.  These are some of the best ribs - texture and taste as a handy food on a stick.

They don't muck up your order by pre-saucing, but their sauces are tasty.  They give you white bread.  (Only sliced white bread for Texas BBQ.)  They give you a little piece of brisket when you're waiting in line and you almost orgasm from that.

Best BBQ in AZ.  One of the best in the nation.  

OK fine, parking sucks when it's busy.  There's your criticism."
"I grew up in Texas and find that outside of the lonestar state I am usually disappointed by brisket or just bbq in general, but I have to say Little Miss BBQ's brisket is as good as any I've ever had! Perfect clean smokey taste, nice and tender with perfectly rendered fat and a substantial bark. Come here and you won't be disappointed. The sausage was good as well and I really enjoyed the jalapeño cheddar grits on the side. Will be back to try more of their meats, but don't skip the fatty brisket if you are coming here for the first time!"
Bomb.com! They deserve  every 5 star review that is listed.  I hope they open in the east valley soon! Great bbq; best in the valley even in their small location in Phx they make it happen.  Happy to support locals kicking a$$!
The best BBQ I've ever had.  Perfect brisket and amazing sausage.  The sauces were on point.
"Beware, this is the kind of place that makes you stand in line just because they can.  What should have been a 10 minute wait turned into 45 because of deliberate slow service.  

There is a single person cutting meat, who insists on putting everything back into a warmer after serving each customer.  If only they utilized their staff properly, and had multiple people preparing food (instead of standing around and managing the line)

The owner obviously thinks that forcing people to wait will make their barbecue taste better.  And based on these reviews, most people fall for it."
"Incredible food and the vibe of this joint has that backyard bbq good feeling. The chopped brisket, slaw and beans rocked!! The buns for sandwiches tasted so fresh. Sauces are amazing. They close if they sell out. Amazing food. Check hours before Making trip. AMAZING FOOD"
"A little pricey but absolutely awesome food AND the employees!! The ribs were about 4"" thick! I'd never seen ribs that huge before. The pecan pie was to die for!! Best crust ever, even better than mine.
I also have to mention I've never in my life liked any mustard BBQ sauce. I have a new favorite now. MMMM-MMmmm. The staff and customers also save the bones from ppl who have eaten inside for those with dogs. 
STUPENDOUS!!  
Go really early as only so much is available & when they are out, they are out :)
P.S. The employees had only good to say about the restaurant owners. Now THAT is a rarity & makes this customer glad she found a place to spend her money other than greedy corporate places ;)"
"So if one comes when they open on a cloudy Friday - be prepared to wait. But the wait is oh-so-incredibly worth it. This is, by far, the very best BBQ I have ever had in my entire life. Sure it isn't cheap, nor should it be - you pay for meat, dedication, patience, meat and effort. And meat.

I got the short tour while waiting from some knowledgeable gentleman. It was interesting. I will just go by what I tasted. 

* Lean brisket - very very good. 
* Fat brisket - absolutely amazing. (And I don't like fat meats)
* Sausage - tasty

* Beans - quite good
* Potato salad - meh, my moms blows this potato salad out of the water
* Grits - I didn't have the guts to try it. Next time. 

* House BBQ sauce - very nice
* House Hot BBQ sauce - nice w a strange kick to it.

It is all outside, yet shaded seating. Most people seem to take theirs to go though. 
These guys have changed the way I view BBQ from now on. I am a changed man. Their product (meat) is fantastic, their business approach could be improved. But I am only here to rate the best BBQ I have ever tasted to date in my life. There is nothing more to say. 7 stars for the meat, -2 for the wait and the basics of everything."
"As advertised. Great. Get there at 10:30 and be prepared to wait. I suggest buying a few 1/2 pounds of various options to bring home for another day. 

Brisket
Pulled pork 

If room links and Mac and cheese."
"Brisket: other reviewers were accurate. Soft and melt in mouth but too much salt. Couldn't eat it 

Pork ribs: melt in mouth definitely good. 

Chopped brisket: not as fatty. Could be a mix. Not juicy either. Best to eat it freshly sliced or else the fat oozes out and the meat dries out. If you order to go get a big chunk and slice it yourself later. Every time I order sliced it dries out  and isn't even close to being as good as freshly sliced 

Sausage: ok, wouldn't order it again. 

They have many different sauces all similar to other places seeet maybe spicy

They have one sliced in the front and each customer takes 2-3 mins to order, make small talk, pay, ask questions. A line of 20 means an hour wait. Other reviewer was accurate in stating they could have more slicers to make it go faster. 

Bbq is hot now because of the press fr Aaron Franklin. One day this will all die off. 
Parking hard because the wait times are so long. They have coolers of ice water in the line. Definitely needed."
"Definitely amazing bbq. I have yet to visit this place in person but trying the take out order and even after it cooling down a bit, I could still taste the quality of this bbq. The sauces were excellent and flavorful. Brisket was phenomenal. Would definitely need to come by in person soon to try it fresh out of the kitchen!"
"This was my first time visiting LMB, and even before pulling into their smaller-than-expected parking lot at noon, I knew I'd be in for a wait.  I had read a review that mentioned a 90 minute line, however, I didnt expect to actually wait 90 minutes.

The parking lot holds about 20 cars, and I grabbed the last open spot.  There were about 30 people ahead of me in line, so I mistakenly anticipated 30-45 minutes.

The employees were friendly and accommodating!  They came out several times to prepare us for the items that would most likely be sold out by the time we arrived at the counter.  They brought water, and had several camping chairs to ease the burden of the slow moving line, and boy, was it slow moving.

They were sold out of the moist brisket, pulled port and beef ribs by the time I was able to place my order.  My meal, which consisted of chopped brisket and pork ribs was ok.  Truthfully, I would have been much happier waiting 10 minutes at Rudy's, which I think is just as good.  So 3 stars seems fair for what I got vs the time spent in line."
"Wow. Fatty brisket is the bomb ! Brought me back to Texas. Pork rib very good, but the brisket.....worth the trip  and wait alone. Super friendly service."
"Be prepared to wait, best believe is the best out there. I was told about this place and they didn't disappoint. Be there early as to find parking. There's a rock game that gives you free dessert if you can stack up some amount of rocks up. Did it and killed it, as always the dessert didn't disappoint too."
"Omg! Hands down the best bbq in Arizona. You will be waiting in line for what feels like a lifetime but once you bite into your food it will all go away. I'd stand in line for five hours waiting on this bbq! Words can't explain the flavor and love they put into there bbq! If you haven't tried them yet, please go right away!!!!"
"I get the concept of being a popular barbecue joint and running out of food regularly, but you shouldn't be sending your customers to your sister location because 'they serve food until late' without knowing if your sister location has any food either. We spent an additional 30 minutes driving to North Phoenix just to be turned away. Horrible customer service. Drove all the way from Gilbert and it was a huge waste of time."
"Wow! I had been wanting to try Little Miss BBQ's heavenly smoked meats since its inception, but did not want to wait in the long lines. They do offer pick up/to go orders for meat orders totaling 5 lbs. or more so I placed an order through e-mail for 5 lbs. plus BBQ sauce and sides. Note that you have to place an order about one week in advance for them to be able to prepare it for you (By 4 P.M. Friday for an order the following week). I invited some friends over so we could share in this meaty feast!

We got:
2+ lbs. beef short rib ($20 per pound, only sold on Friday and Saturday. Each rib is about a pound so you can get an idea of how much to order)
1 lb. pulled pork ($14.50 per pound)
2 lbs. fatty brisket ($19 per pound)
1 pint jalapeño cheddar grits ($4)
1 pint BBQ beans ($4)
1 squeeze bottle house BBQ sauce ($2)
Pickles, onions, jalapeños, and the happiness that you feel when you eat good food (Priceless ;) )

I received a confirmation e-mail about a day later with a pick up time of 10:15. We got there a little early at 10 and there were already about 5 people waiting in line before the official opening at 11. The order took only a few short minutes to be made and the cashier was friendly and cheerful. Apparently they had just completed an order for the Cardinals before we came by to pick up our meal. Nice!

The delicious aroma of slowly BBQ'd meat taunted us while we were in the car driving home. Opening up the packages was like opening up a present on Christmas day :). The brisket and short rib had an amazing rich bark on it, and all the meats had smoke rings for days... My favorite of all the meats were the short ribs. They weren't very short looking, as they were gigantic bones the size of my forearm. :) It was everything you'd want in BBQ: deep smoky flavor, lovely bark crust, and tender texture. The fatty brisket was my second favorite, also being very tender and full of flavor. The pulled pork was good as well, but it's harder to get brisket and short rib right so I applaud them on their BBQ perfection!

The sides were also quite good, and the squeeze bottle filled with house BBQ sauce was a steal at $2. I loved the tangy flavor, with perfect consistency, and not too sweet.

If you can plan ahead and invest in the bulk pick up order, this is the way to go! No lines, and you'll have amazing BBQ in the comfort of your own home."
"Sometimes a lucky culinary star just shines down on you almost like the tractor beam from space aliens and you alight suspended in its bright white light. Pure luck caused us to dismiss the hotel front desk telling us there was nothing good nearby so try Waffle House, and I hopped on yelp. When I saw bbq I knew I was definitely going up for wife of the year award because my husband loves three things in life: 1. Football 2. BBQ and 3. Me. We had arrived in Phoenix ahead of some friends and were rather at loose ends so we had some time to kill. How fortuitous. Yes the wait in line was about an hour and twenty minutes but let's be real: what were we going to realistically do with that time? Waste it like we've wasted the rest of our lives most likely. At least waiting for the bbq accomplished something. And was it ever worth the wait. My husband was blown away. The staff was great and managed expectations well and also handed out samples in line!!!! The people in line did not get cranky at ALL which defies all known principals of queue dynamics. They knew. They knew. We basically ordered one of everything when we got up there. Worth. It. Brisket was tender and smoky. All the sides were amazing particularly the grits. My husband spent the rest of the day engaged in digesting all the meat like a boa. He was so pleased he bought me YSL sandals. You can't miss it!!!!!"
Best bbq in town....but you'll need to get there early and be willing to stand in line. Brisket is so damned good.
"Yes Lawd!!! Pulled into the parking lot @ 9:30am on Saturday 2/23 received our ticket that secures our spot in line and we were # 40th. The restaurant opens at 11am.  There were people who showed up at 7am that day and yes team, it is worth the wait. Little M BBQ typically run out of the fatty brisket around 1pm when they are open and I see why. Brisket that is smoked for 12 hrs it just melts in your mouth and you can taste the seasonings as well. The smoke is not overbearing but you know it's there. We ordered the beef short ribs as well which was tasty and the meat just fell off the bone, we did not taste a lot of seasoning; however, it did have a good taste to them. The smoke turkey was off the chain as well. The baked beans were good, perhaps making them a little sweater and some BBQ sauce would take them over the top. The jalapeño cheese grits were awesome a must get! Finally, the smoked pecan pie.......this is a game changer hands down. Another dish that get's sold out. First bite you taste pecan, then you get hit with a hint of smoke taste.

They have a couple of tables inside and covered seating outside.

Little Ms BBQ is off the chain.

Michael who was directing traffic and organizing everyone was awesome and did a good job educating us on the process. His son Hayden toured us through the smokers. For a teenager, Hayden knew his stuff.

See you on the next visit."
Food is great. But nothing is worth standing in a line for over an hour!  U know ppl like your food so how bout remodel do something to speed it up. Been there 3 different times and every time its the same. My own home cooked bbq is way better and no wait here. Lot of reviews put in the not important pile so u get high ratings. Nice try. Line definitely wasnt worth the wait. Oh yeah new location is same bullshit. They dont open til 4pm. Stand in line like heard of cattle their too.
"Our family really enjoyed my recent haul of food from Little Miss BBQ. It's clearly one of the best BBQ places in The Valley. 

I bought three and a half pounds of Chopped Brisket ($18.50 lbs) and Pastrami ($22.00 lbs), along with some sides of Potato Salad, Cole Slaw and Cheddar Jalapeño Grits ($5.00 each). 

Sadly their Sausages, Turkey, Sliced Brisket and Ribs were all gone before we could get up to the counter.  Oh, well.  I did get the chance to meet some very nice out of town woman from Las Vegas; along with three men who arrived by Über from Sky Harbor, they just had to have some their famous BBQ. LOL

James and all the other employees from Little Miss BBQ were exceptional, as we waited over 45 mins.  Given the 107 degrees temps, the had the water misters on and made sure everyone was hydrated by offering us free water.  But truth be told, I found their Jalapeño Grits to be the best.  Just loved their grits. 

Enjoy!

Post Script - The earlier you come, the better your chances are of not being shut out of your favorite BBQ meat. Also, the meats can sometimes get dried out, even when wrapped in their butcher paper while being kept in the warmer. Caveat Emptor. 

PSS - Their Sunnyslope location usually has a short line."
"I consider myself a man with an experienced pallet. A pallet that has danced with the flavors of the world, a delicate samba- balancing between tones of salty and sweet speeding up and slowing with flavor like the tempo it follows. No I'm not quite a seasoned veteran, but a nice acquaintance with the spices, textures and seasonings we have to offer here on this place we call Earth. Now imagine my surprise as a thick hungry man when I hear the news we are stopping by a BBQ joint on the way to my teams excursion in Tempe Arizona- I'm enthralled with joy. 
 Now I will not be the first to say I am an expert in regards to the art of BBQ- I don't even have what could be compared to BA in BBQ, maybe a minor or some basic GE's in the arts of slow roasting a mean brisket. That's beside the point, in fact all of this is beside the point, what's important here, and what I am trying to express to you the reader, in the most precise words I can to paint a proper and worthy image in your head is just exactly what happened to me when I tasted the sweet and Smokey nectar of the BBQ gods we are lucky enough to call Little Ms. BBQ.
 Orson Welles once said ""ask what not can you do for your country. Ask what's for lunch."" Now I may not be the citizen Kane, but I think me and Orson (R.I.P) would agree about the value of a great lunch. Little Ms. BBQ was exactly that- a great lunch. Let me run you through the whole process here. I pull up in a new 2017 Toyota midnight blue (for the midnight crew) minivan into this janky little black top parking lot with one small building on the right side. Already the fresh aroma of slow cooked meats is creeping into my car like a cat burglar in your average suburban neighborhood, yet these scents are unmasked and not trying to hide from nobody. Piling up out of the store is a line of about 15 people, each one of them seemingly normal to the untrained eye, but with another deeper gaze, it is clear to see the aromas and mere thought of tangling their taste buds in this meat has them in some sort of trans- as if they were sailors at sea being called to their death by the irresistible sirens, yet this death wouldn't be one of tragedy and shipwreck, but instead a glorified funeral of flavor. I knew I needed these foods in and around my mouth immediately. I hopped out of the car quick, like a child pulling up to Disney land, and ran to the menu outside. There, behind the menu is was clear to see the line of meat smokers- the method behind the madness- these metal contraptions were the home base for our succulent little friends. 
 After about 6 minutes 23 seconds, I was finally able to order, there was no more brisket- only chopped- not sure what that meant but I could care less, a small bump in the road was not going to detour me from my meat mission. It was safe to say I was in full meat mode, ready for a fully meaty jacket, soon it would be saving private meaty cause it was about to be meatman down...you get the point. Any howsies- I get to the flippin front of line and with command that can only be compared to that out Gerard Butler in 300, ordered some chopped brisket, half rack of pork ribs, sausage, baked beans, cheesy jalapeno grits, and a slice of white bread. A meal that would have put all those hungry hippos into a state of couch lock. Now let me go onto reviewing these mighty meats for you hunny.
 The brisket- what can I say not even the passion used to write Shakespeare's Sonnet 18 could describe the love I felt for this cut of meat. Shall I compare thee to a summers day? No fuck right of William! How about shall I compare the brisket to the passion white people get when they see a NASCAR accident 8 Budlights deep!
 The pork ribs, of jesus the pork ribs. What could a mere mortal say and not undersell the tenderness I felt upon laying my fingers though these ribs. It's safe to say I'd give up half of my own rib cage just be in the same room as those ribs I just ate. Remember at the end of LOTR 2 Boromere died for the ring in a ball of glory and pure grit? Of course you do, who could forget when the art of film was perfected? I can't, and I also can't forget when the art of ribs was perfected right under my fricken nose.
 Now the sausage. Sausages have been being consumed for over 2,000 years. The word Sausage coming from the French word saussiche- based off the Latin route Salsus- meaning salted, shouldn't even be allowed to be in the same category of whatever I consumed today. That wasn't sausage, that was spiritual, eating that sausage was like what King Kong must've felt when he saw that blonde little smokeshow of a woman for the first time, or what Brittany Spears' felt when she was finally hit one more time. Shit absolutely fucking slapped.
 Now to the sides- the beans, who knew you could perfect let alone change the whole idea of bean. I was consuming these beans like Jordan Belfort consumed drugs. The grits made me cry tears of cheese. I reached the word limit so just eat here"
"Is this real life? This BBQ is the best BBQ that I have ever had and I'm from Texas. Tasty, cooked perfect, and mouth-watering BBQ sauce. I want to go back already!"
"I don't know why I haven't reviewed Little Miss yet! Everything you've heard is true; it really is the best bbq in America. Every single thing here is amazing. I don't like turkey and I don't like grits l, but I LOVE their turkey and their grits. Honey mustard sauce with the turkey is my favorite. I've had good luck showing up at about 1pm to find no line and most menu items still available. Love the staff too :)))

Don't forget a mini pecan pie! They're smoked and taste like nothing I've had before.

Apparently they're about to open a new location closer to downtown that will be more of a sit down restaurant, with the same amazing food!"
"I showed up before opening waited 2 hours, they ran out of most of the stuff, finally got inside and they only have one person cutting all the meats without changing gloves or area. The food was delicious but they need be more respectful about religious beliefs"
"Visited lake Meade and was looking for a spot to have bbq. Everything was good. The meat came off the bone of the ribs like butter. Brisket was a little dry. Mac and cheese was good. Service was great, refilled our drinks. Would definitely go back if I'm ever in the area."
"The meat is amazing!!! I didn't find a side that I enjoyed though. The mac&cheese wasn't cheesy enough, the cole slaw wasn't sweet. The pork ribs, sausage and pork belly was to die for though! They also have really good drinks frozen lemonade with ice cream. I definitely recommend visiting this place to get some great bbq in the phoenix area."
"Wow!  First time here.  I had the chopped brisket sandwich, cheddar jalapeño grits and ranch style beans.  With an orange Fanta.  These folks make some killer brisket, and the sides were excellent as well.  Tons of flavor!  Friendly service as well!"
"I have to admit, I was dubious of all the rave reviews. We waited in line for maybe 20 minutes. Sadly, the man right in front of us took the last of the sliced brisket. Our group had a pork rib, sausage, pulled pork, the jalapeño cheddar grits, coleslaw, the LAST pecan pie and chopped brisket. All of it was great. 

The brisket and pecan  pie we took home for my husband who wasn't with us. My husband didn't eat the sandwich until the next day but said it was still great. Now he definitely wants to taste it fresh. 

I've never been a grits fan but decided to give it a try to see if this one was actually as good as the reviews said. I really enjoyed it, similar to mashed potatoes but slightly different texture. To be honest, I probably would still skip it so I could eat more meat. I also wouldn't get a sandwich again, not because it isn't good but because the meat is so good I don't want to fill up on the bread. My fav was the sausage and I'm super picky (usually disliking it), but this was really good.  They have 3 BBQ sauces: house, spicy and mustard. All were good but the house was fantastic. 

To top it off, the owner not only serves (he was taking the initial order and chopping the meat) and passes out samples while chopping, then later came out to talk to his customer. 

We will be back!"
Great service and even better BBQ. Stopped here on a road trip and was extremely pleased. Better than most bbq I have had in Texas. All the people working were extremely friendly and attentive. Their outdoor misters helped to deal with the heat and the wait was not very long at all.
By far the BEST BBQ I've had.  I travel quite often and BBQ is always a go to for me.  The fatty brisket is incredible.  This will be a regular stop for me when I'm in Phoenix.  Great service and even better food-  highly recommend.
"We loved this place, atmosphere was great and the food was fantastic. Would highly recommend going  here for some great BBQ."
"Little Miss is so popular that they always sell out of their good stuff everyday so gauranteeing yourself the meat  you want (fatty brisket) requires a bit of an effort, but it's totally  worth it! Here's  the scoop: 
Arrive by at least 9am to grab a ticket. Parking can be hectic so you can choose to stick around or come back at 1030am to line up. (Honestly they didn't even check my ticket tho so I guess it's the honor system) Doors open at 11am. The line actually moves quite slow because there's only one butcher taking your order and slicing meat, one lady handling sides, and one at the register. 
On to the food! I ordered the 2 meat plate with fatty brisket and pork ribs.  Both were sooo tender, melt in your mouth. Makes a person like me, who's normally not too big on meat  BBQ, wanting to chow down and keep eating. Try their house sauce or their spicy one, their both great. Also get all the fixings so you can make a little sandwich with the bread, onions, pickles. I got 2 portions of Cole slaw as my side since none of the others appealed to me, which was a great way to balance out the meal. I've had better Cole slaw for sure, but hey it's some veggies! 
Reviews said to try their pecan pie, which was fun just because but honestly it wasn't good to me. I'd skip this. The crust is too hard, and the pie filling is this weird gelatinous sweet goo. Meh. 
But seriously their BBQ is really good, and I'm not even a big meat eater or BBQ person. I just wanted to see what all the hype was about and it was worth the ordeal! 
Also the line person, and the butcher were both super nice and friendly, made the experience nice. They also provide plenty of water outside while you wait, and pass out a free sample of some meat. 
I didn't order it but they also had beef ribs that day I went and they were gnarly (huge)."
I have eaten BBQ all over the states and I can truly die a happy man that I have finally had the best BBQ in the world. I feel like I have somehow cheated on my Kansas city people and roots but OMG this was just a delight and even though I waited an hour in line it was worth every minute. Wow
"By far some of the best BBQ I've had in my life and best place you can go to in the state hands down. The brisket you can cut through with a plastic knife it's so moist literally melts in your mouth. Make sure you have like a 2-hour window available going here, but fuck yeah it's worth the wait! Absolute must try."
"The wait can be daunting given the 110 degree heat but if you can endure the bbq is fabulous. The aroma alone from the slow cook process will have you drooling as you stand in line. 

The brisket is so tender it melts in your mouth. It has the crisp on the sides like Franklins in Austin.
I would say this bbq including the links and turkey are the best in the state of AZ

Parking can be a challenge."
"We went for dinner and called ahead to see what the lines were like and if they were sold out of anything (they weren't), so we headed over. The line was only about 15 minutes (as advertised) when we arrived. They slice your meat right in front of you. 

I got grits, slaw, ribs and brisket. The brisket is killer, the slaw ok, the grits were good. The ribs could have been bettah. Pork sandwich yum, yum.

Downtown location is small, but the foot is amazing. The entire experience, from waiting in line, to being served, to sitting down and enjoying an amazing meal is nothing short of authentic.

Is not a typical restaurant atmosphere (think picnic tables, paper plates and cafeteria serving line).

Some tables inside and some outside in the shade. Tiny parking lot so be careful. Will definitely come back again."
"WoW. This place was RIDICULOUSLY GOOD! OMG. So worth the wait in the line. Return customer here! We ordered the beef ribs, Brisket, Pork ribs everything including the Pecan Pie dessert. It was Amazing. Go Here, Eat Here. YOU Will Not Be Disappointed."
"This was a 1.5 hour wait & the meat was the best I have ever had in my life!!  PLUS amazing service!  I'd drive back for Chicago just to eat here again, it's that good."
"Wow, this is the spot to go in Phoenix period. I saw this place on YouTube through Mark Wiens and it looked delicious then. Apparently I didn't go to the same location as Wiens did but the food is delicious. I was dropping my son off at college and that is the reason I came here and I can't wait to come back to some more of this bbq. Plus everyone I met who works here was really nice and attentive. Best place to eat in Phoenix."
"My husband makes a point of eating here every time we are in Phoenix. We have eaten barbecue all over the US. He doesn't mind the wait for great food. Unfortunately on our last visit his brisket was dried out. He mentioned something to one of the staff, and a gentleman came over.  I'm assuming the owner.  The brisket had a good amount of grease (fat) on it, which made it shiny. The gentleman said if it's shiny, it's juicy. I'm sorry, fat and oily does not equal moist in all instances.  Are we too stupid to know what is dry and what isn't? We weren't asking for anything.  We waited hours in the heat,to be talked down to,while eating dry brisket. I'm sorry, every slice isn't going to be perfect.  We understand and accept that.  The owner/manager does not."
This place is absolutely AMAZING!!!!! Best BBQ I have EVER HAD!!! The owner/staff was very very nice as well.
"Believe the hype! This place is absolutely amazing. The BEST pork ribs I have EVER had! The pecan pie redefines pie! I don't even like pie! It's soooooo good. The pork ribs were so good, I thought the brisket was meh....UNTIL! We ate the leftover brisket and I realized the pork ribs had just outshone the brisket. Second best brisket I've ever had, next to authentic backyard Texan brisket. This place is worth the wait 100%"
"All I can say is WOW!  Little Miss is rated one of the best places to eat in AZ and definitely the best place to go for BBQ hands down.  I recommend you get there 30min before they open because there will be a line and if they run out of food they will close which does happen quite often.  The wait is worth it tho!  The meat is tender and juicy and you cannot go wrong with any meat on the menu.  What I recommend you get is the Pecan Pie.  This little pie packs a punch!  This is the best pecan pie I have ever had and wish it was a little bit bigger because I wanted more.  Put Little Miss at the top of your list!

BrandonFitFoodie"
"My husband did a search for the best BBQ place in Phoenix.  This place made the list and it was the first one listed on the Yelp search.  So, we came to check it out!

Patience is a virtue and you will need it here!  My tip would be to arrive before it opens!

The majority of our time was waiting in line.  The time it took to order and eat was fairly quick.  Makes me wonder why the waiting time is so long!  We took our place in the back of the line which was near the last planter.  We waited for nearly an hour.  The nice thing is that they have a cooler with complimentary little bottles of water.  I'm sure it is unbearably hot in the summer time!  Also, there are a few camping chairs next to the line.

When it was our turn to order, we got The Jefe to eat there and some brisket, pulled pork, 2 pork ribs to go.  The Jefe is piled high with meats!  Mmmm!  If you make it to the ordering area, be sure to include the Jalapeno Sausage!  It is soooo good!  The staff will tell you to order what you want because it is all ""First come, first served"", and when they run out, they truly run out.  When we got to order, they were out of the Fatty Brisket and Beef Ribs.  

People sometimes leave their beef rib bones on the trash can.  We were able to snag 2 and take them to my brother's dogs.  

I heard the Fatty Brisket is superb, but I will have to try to get some on another visit."
"Super delicious! We tried their pork ribs, brisket and sausage they all great. Btw don't miss the 3 house sauces they're the best combination with all meats."
This place is truly your happy place if you are a BBQ lover. Best darn BBQ in AZ!! Melts right in your mouth!! (Typing this as my mouth begins to water) The 2 hour line is worth the wait! Your stomach will thank you along with your bursting taste buds. Happy grubbing!
"The line literally was wrapped around inside when we went, pretty much as soon as they opened, on a weekday. It's worth it. We went to Phoenix for a day trip and wanted something different than what we've been having for the last couple days. We decided on BBQ and found some reviews for this place. 

The brisket literally melts in your mouth. The turkey was so moist and flavorful. I ended up with a two meat plate, and my husband who is a die hard pork fan opted for a turkey sandwich as soon as he saw it. Every meat plate is served with your choice of white bread, onion, pickles, and jalapeños. The plates also come with two sides. If I went back, I would probably not get the sides I did (coleslaw and beans). Both were lacking something. Coleslaw was dry and not super creamy, which may have just been the day we went, in not sure. Beans didn't have much flavor, which I'm used to with my BBQ. Especially in the south. Everyone ahead of us was ordering the grits, and I regret not trying those. Put the mustard based sauce on everything, but especially on the brisket. All of the other sauces are fantastic too, but I'm partial to the mustard. 

The service was quick. The guys behind the counter are knowledgeable, funny, and make you feel like you didn't just wait in some crazy ridiculous line between all their joking and conversations. There is not a lot of room inside, but outside has a lot more space with mist for hot days. The BBQ is great, and it is definitely a place we would try again if we are ever back in the area."
"Came at 12:35pm in the afternoon on a Wednesday, and they were already sold out of the pulled pork, turkey AND sausage. So we couldn't get what we originally wanted but even so, what we did get, the pulled brisket sandwich was phenomenal. Just because it couldn't hurt to ask, I asked if they were completely out of sausage, the guy smiled and said that he actually had half of one, I told him I'd pay full price for it, he was nice enough to just count it was an Jefe sandwich so it wasn't a huge price increase. I was extremely happy. I got the potato salad, which is always a risk for me because I'm so picky, I didnt like it, but the pulled brisket sandwich, sausage, jalapeno cheddar grits, pecan pie and Squirt were SO amazing, I wouldn't have been able to finish the potato salad regardless. Definitely plan on coming back early to try the turkey and get more sausage."
"Amazing BBQ! The pork ribs were falling off the bone tender and the jalapeño grits were the perfect balance of creamy/spicy. Everyone who worked there was incredibly friendly. I can't wait to go back. I did not experience a wait but if there was one, it'd be worth it."
"Gosh, This place is the best. I've been trying to get bbq like this ever since. I ordered the pork ribs, turkey and brisket. Brisket always disappoints me...I just don't like it. Of course the fatty brisket was sold out. The ribs were amazing and the turkey... I for real might fly back to AZ to get again. Well worth the wait. Even how they slice it and serve it to you is like an art form. I remember When I got to the counter I saw the t-shirts for sale and thought...who the heck is  buying a t-shirt from a bbq place in the middle of nowhere in Arizona! Well, I haven't been able to find anywhere since to match. I will be back for a t-shirt."
"Hands down the best bbq proteins in the country. I mean it, hands down the best. I've been to Texas and other states and tried their ""best"", little miss is better. The sides are not perfect and the restaurant is pretty small, but as far as meats go there is no better place to be. Be prepared to wait in line."
Delicious BBQ. There is usually always a wait. You must get there early so they don't sell out of what you want.
"Even though they ran out of turkey, short ribs and sausage. I have to say I had the best experience! The staff was very informative and friendly. The chopped brisket and pulled pork was delicious!!!! I will definitely be back again. Thank you!"
"Yep! It's worth the wait in line for sure. It's really cool to see a business in Sunnyslope have such an amazing culture and delicious food. I had the brisket and the pulled pork. Both amazing! I also had a bite of the sausage which is about as good as I've ever had. Owners were there and greeted everyone at the table which was also really cool. I can't wait to return! Also, you can get a drink from the bar while you wait in line!"
"I've eaten at a bunch of BBQ joints through the years, most are disappointing. NOT Little Miss BBQ. Can't remember ever having better! The brisket should never see the blade of a knife, the plastic fork is more than adequate. The beans are superb as well as the jalapeño grits. They don't git notin wrong at this joint!"
The line can take over a hr. It's great food but not a place for a quick lunch break. I lost a job because it took so long that myself and a co worker were terminated permanently. I have to say if there's a food worth loosing your job over it's lil miss BBQ for sure! They sincerely take the time to put the love into it. They pamper n prime it so tasty it keeps you coming back for more no matter the circumstances. I would highly recommended this place to anyone who enjoys delicious food.
"I would like to start off by saying the meat is absolutely fantastic. It is the reason you should go. However I did have quite a few complaints.

I tried the potato salad and the coleslaw. The potato salad was very bland and the potatoes weren't properly cooked. The coleslaw is nothing special. It is your run-of-the-mill coleslaw with watery mayonnaise. What really makes me upset is that it is a buffet style eatery that does not have waitresses or waiters but when you check out they expect a tip. For how expensive The food is, they should not expect a tip or glare at you while they wait for you to press the tip button. I will leave tips should be earned by waiters and waitresses who wait on tables. Not by someone who just stands behind a register ringing you up."
"O_______O



NUFF SED. shit was good. Get dem briskets though.. great people and hospitality.. love them for feeding us samples while we waited in that hot ass sun. just love them. I took off one star because....

We were ordering our briskets.. and dude took out that just piece with the fat fat drippin.... Then...

(Not for the faint of heart...)

HE LOP'D OFF THE TOP AND THREW IT AWAY!!!!!!!

LAWWWWWWDDDDDD I almost lost my shit! But no! I couldn't! I waited in this long damn line before they opened and we ain't gonna get kicked out. . I'm fuckn committed alright?! But my heart is still hurting from that .. rip.. fat fat..."
"Omg this lil hole in the wall, with the worst parking in all the sw, will have you wanting to slap your mama for not telling you about this earlier! The line is a bit of a debbie downer but once you get In the door the excitement bottled up just gets you giddy as a school girl at a dudes ranch. The fatty brisket sandwich literally had me biting my fingers accidentally twice trying to eat it so fast, but my eyes were closed savoring the taste! Then came the elephant size rib that melts in your mouth and the juices will have you licking your own knuckles!! I never even used the bbq sauce, the meat was sooo good I forgot! Next I got excited to get some recommendations on what sides to pair with my feast and you would have  thought I asked the girl serving them for her kidney. She  pointed to the menu to show me my choices as if I couldn't read, never giving me any insight or even a smile, I  hope she was a fill in and not a staple employee. Despite her rudeness I went with the beans and was happy with my choice. The second best thing wasn't on the menu, The cashier Eleena was a true delight straight outta Brooklyn, from her amazing smile and incredibly beautiful eyes that lit up as she greets you! She must have majored in customer service as she made my experience complete! I felt soo appreciated I tipped 20% on a Togo order as she explained it goes to the whole staff and it was well worth it. I will be back again, thanks!"
This is serious BBQ.  I only had the brisket but it was amazing.  It was the fatty one and it is was done absolutely perfect.  They do run out so get there early.  Also the line is insane so get there early.  Totally worth the wait.
"I know this is counter to the hipsters clambering for artificial scarcity in their lives, but Little Miss Q is definitely not worth any wait much less the wait they build in. Their BBQ is over smoked, prices are high for both the meats and sides, and you have a 50/50 chance of parking. The fatty brisket is the only thing they serve that is almost good but the 1 inch of hickory bark ruins even my favorite cut.
For a 3 hour lunch and $20/person, we have a lot of choices in town."
"Omg this is a must try!! My husband and I love to try new restaurants and we both travel a lot so we've been to many many many restaurants across the globe. BBQ is omg of my husbands favorites. So needless to say we searched for BBQ restaurants when we came to AZ. We had the fatty brisket, ribs, and pulled pork and omg it was AMAZING!! It was the best BBQ I've ever had but 2nd best for my husband. Definitely worth the wait!! Make sure you get there early so you have all the options Incase they run out and believe me, they will run out!!"
"This place was intense BUT NOT REALLY, but kinda.   Okay.   Beginners tips.   If you've never been go early so you can try everything, or at least have all the options available!   We arrived right after 11 (they open at 11) & there was already over an hour wait!   It is outside but they have lots of water & chairs & misters so it wasn't bad in the Arizona summer.   But even us getting there early, the turkey was already sold out & the fatty brisket sold out right after us.   So next time we will arrive at probably 10:15.   

We decided to get a little of everything & had lots to take home to the fam.   Pork ribs, fatty brisket, pulled pork, sausage, grits, beans, cole slaw & potato salad.   They were out of their turkey & have beef ribs on fridays.   Next time we will try on Friday.    (my dentist said the beef ribs are amazing!)

We LOVED it all!   ABSOLUTELY worth the wait.   My fave was the fatty brisket & I love the sausage!!  But truly I loved it all.   And man those cheesy jalapeño grits were AWESOME!!  

I was told that you can buy bottles of their bar b q sauce & bring the bottles back for cheap refills.   I was also told you can call in and place an order for a week later.   That way you can just walk in & pick it up.   There is a limit on the number of orders & there is a weight minimum.    Again, we did not do this but that is what we were told.   

So if you enjoy some BBQ you must try this spot!!!   It's for sure worth the time, wait & a tad bit of stress being a first timer!"
"Beat BBQ I have ever had, the beans are awesome and briquet is the bomb. There was nothing I didn't like. A little pricey because you buy from the pound. I had left over so I ordered too much. When I'm in town again it's a must stop. Small place, there a line and they do run out of top sellers so go early."
My husband and I recently visited AZ for the first time and he found this spot for lunch. Great customer service and amazing food!!! Worth the 6 hr drive from CA just to eat here.
"One of the greatest BBQ places I've ever eaten at! Everything is delicious, local, and hand made! I could not reccomend this place more!!! 

Potato salad, turkey and pecan pie are my favorites there!"
"This place is insanely delicious.stood in line with a very pregnant customer and elderly man that were the best company and fans a place could ask for...ever. Brisket, sausage, grits, everything was superb. Get dessert, too. This place is 5 stars for a reason and worth standing in line."
"If you want BBQ, and Texas style this is worth the wait. All of the meat is outrageous and the jalapeno cheddar grits are to die for. The wait is typically long but they have water stations and you will most likely end up chatting with people in line. What I like about their bbq is that is not overly smokey in taste and its not smothered in sauce."
"I was so full that I had to sleep after because I was in a food coma. Couldn't finish and saved it for left overs for dinner.  

Joined the Little Miss BBQ bandwagon a little late. I really thought this was just going to be hype but wow. This is the best meat I have ever had. I came on a Wednesday around 1pm and the wait was about 20 minutes. Luckily, there was still some fatty brisket left. The staff is so nice and they even give you samples! 

What I got: Fatty brisket, Lean brisket, sausage, potato salad, and grits. Also got a piece of bread. I also got their monthly special; Nutella pumpkin pie. My two favorite types of sweets: Nutella and pumpkin pie. I was so happy they had something combined.

***Overall meat rating: 5
Fatty brisket: Best brisket I have ever had. My favorite and will order again. Can't even think of words to describe this heavenly experience I had with the fatty brisket.
Lean Brisket: Best brisket I have ever had. 
Sausage: Very good. Nice, thick, and has a good jalopeno kick to it! 
Grits: Best cheesy grits I have ever had and compliments with the meats well. 
Potato Salad: Crunchy texture and had some cucumber in it. 

***Overall pie rating: 4.5 
Even though my two favorite sweets are pumpkin pie and nutella, it was good, but I have had better pie. I will definitely come back for their pecan pie!

Note: 
-If you're worried about the long lines outside, they have a water dispensary stand outside."
"We stopped by on a weekday afternoon and quite a bit of their product was sold out (a good sign!). We ended up with some brisket, jalapeño grits, and beans. Everything was DELICIOUS. The meat was tender and flavorful and their mustard BBQ sauce is to die for. I cannot wait to go back and try some more items!"
"Bucket list item checked off today! I have been wanting to come by here for years just haven't been able to squeeze it in on my last trips plus they have pretty limited hours and they only cook enough for that day only. Luckily for us today we swing in after 2p they close at 4p and they still had sliced lean brisket left. Since that's what this place is known for amongst other great foods and really what I wanted I was down with it. I got the 1lb sliced with a double portion of slaw. All I can say is WOW! This brisket hands down one of the best I have had. It was so juicy and the smoked ring and flavors were out of bounds. 

What also really made this place 5 star from the get go is the awesome customer service. I was walking up and one of the pit masters is greeting me in the parking lot. As I approach I am taking out my phone to shoot a few shots of the smokers and he says "" come all the way and take as many shots as you want...totally cool guy. Once inside same type of experience the guys asking where everyone was from and making great small talk with the guests. For a place that's not much more than a covered parking lot with a older commercial building.  These guys have 5 star fine dining attitudes and was much appreciated . 

I will have to get back here in another trip and venture out on the menu for sure...thanks guys for an amazing time and good equally amazing. I should've gotten one of those smoked pecan pies to go because it's calling my name right now next time...."
"I suppose this place has really good food. The staff is super friendly, and ensures everyone is well hydrated.

The only reason for the 3 stars is the experience.  It is not a good experience.  The place seems super popular, suggesting great food.  However, I waited 15 min for parking, then 30 minutes in line.  During that 30 minutes the line barely moved at all.  I would have guessed that it would be 1.5 hours just to get in the door, after that, I have no idea how much longer the line was.   The time expense was just too great and I walked out."
"What can I say that hasn't already been said?  

Ok, ok! you twisted my fork, uh, arm. 

I arrived at the joint 'round 2PM and the line-to-be-served was about 20 minutes. Par for my luck, the pork ribs and Smoked Pecan Pie were depleted just as I got to the counter. I refused to panic as this was my maiden repast and I knew I'd be back. 

I ordered brisket, sausage, beans and 'tater salad. 

The brisket was heavenly. End cut (I come from a long line of folks who like carbon, so the end cut and its smoky, dark bark is my favorite!).  Tender. Moist. Light smoke flavor. And it melted in my mouth. Perfectly seasoned...not salty at all. 

The sausage link was the best I've ever had. Seriously. Again, perfectly seasoned. Juicy. Already sliced into perfect, bite-size coins. 

Da beans, da beans, da beans!  I'm picky about my pintos and deez beans surpassed my expectations.  Chunks of brisket throughout. Creamy beans, creamy juice. Flecks of barbecue carbon and black pepper. Sublime, simply sublime. 

And then there's the 'tater salad. Any joint that uses red potatoes in any of their dishes has my undying love and admiration.  Small, incredibly uniform cubes of perfectly boiled red 'taters in a light mayo-mustard dressing.  Best, best, best. 

Lastly, their just-right selection of beverages includes...Drum roll, please!...Mexican Coca-Cola in sacred tall bottles.  If you've never had a Mexican Coke, go for it. They're just a tidge sweeter than gringo Coke. 

Arrive early or arrive late but getcha butt on down here and prepare yo big bad booty for a meal most heavenly. (""Elizabeth. I'm coming to getcha, honey!"")."
"This is hands down the best BBQ I have ever had!  My bf and I had it a couple years ago and have been plotting to eat it again.  We planned a quick 24-hours in PHX just to eat!  We arrived straight from the airport right when it opened and was told it would be a two hours wait.   Our persistence paid off as we arrived in F A T T Y BRISKET HEAVEN after a little over two hours wait!  The wait is not too terrible if you're friendly and chat with the hungry folks around you.  The most nerve-wracking part is the occasional meats update and the fear of a fatty brisket shortage!  We may or may not have conspired with our neighbors in line to jump someone with a huge tray of what appeared to be fatty brisket :P

Pro tips: Fatty brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs and sausages 

Skip (only bc we had limited stomach real estate not bc it's not delicious): pulled pork, turkey 

Sides in order of deliciousness in our humble opinion: potato salad, beans, jalapeño cheddar grits.

Don't miss the pickles, jalapeños and onion to offset the fatty deliciousness!

Service was amazing and super friendly!  Everyone was very happy and share the common love for Tecas- style BBQ!  Cannot wait to come back!"
"There are no words.
I damn near cried it was so good!

Seriously.  There really are no words.
""Best"" even falls woefully short.
The girl in line behind me (yes, the line, so get there early!) drives from Wickenburg for it twice weekly.  'Nuff said!"
"This is probably the best BBQ in town! Felt like I was in Texas for a moment. Be prepared to come early and still wait in line but It's totally worth it! We ordered the brisket (make sure to say fatty brisket), pulled pork and the beef rib. The beef rib is probably one of the biggest and most delicious beef rib I've ever had! Not exaggerating. It just melts in your mouth and the flavor is indescribable. Lol that beef rib alone was totally worth my $40. And yes there's only one bone with a pound of meat in it.! The brisket is also delicious but if I had to pick one it's gonna be the beef rib all day! The sauces compliments the bbq very well. I like the mustard bbq sauce the best.

The staff are friendly and they gave us samples while we waited in line. It's funny watching people reaction after trying the brisket. Lol it's so gooood!

We arrived 30 minutes before they opened and the parking is already full so make sure to come a little earlier than that. This is a must try bbq and highly recommended !!"
Best BBQ I have ever had and I have been all over the country. Who knew it was right here in Az.
"I would kill for this brisket and then request it for my final meal on death row. In fact, I would kill myself if I found out the good Lord above served this in heaven. The cheesy, jalepeno grits are also incredible."
"Worst experience ever! The staff is rude and had the audacity of getting on a megaphone to bark orders at the customers to ensure they are ready to order and not slow anything down. However, when the doors open at 11am, the staff aren't even ready to take orders and they're the ones slowing things down. It was past 1130 and they still weren't taking order from customers. Not one customer was served compelling 20 customers to leave. What's worse is the staff didn't even acknowledge this as if the customers were at fault for waiting. It was like they didn't care if customers were upset and left. It seemed like they preferred it. Even if the food was decent, I will never come back and do business with a staff that has such blatant disregard for their customers' experience and disrespect for their customers' time. If I could do ""zero"" stars and indicate ""stay away"" I would. All my friends and family will be staying away."
"This is the best BBQ place I have been to in AZ. Was an hour wait to get the food but well worth it. The ribs are unreal! So tender and juicy, no need for BBQ sauce on them. The house sauce is good but I didn't feel like I needed them for the ribs. Excited for the next visit."
"We first tried to get a chance to eat here on a Friday around 1:00pm after arriving to Phoenix from Sacramento,  but the line was still about 1 hour and the Pit Master informed us that the Fatty Brisket and Beef Short Ribs was pretty much Sold Out and the best thing to do is to try to come early Saturday morning to get a ""Pre Line Up Ticket""  before everyone starts lining up at 10:30 for 11:00am opening.  I woke up early to get there at 7:00 am when the Pit Master gets there to fire up the Smoker  for the day to get the First ticket in line..  I returned from our Hotel down the street at around 9:45am and watched the Parking lit fill up Every possible space Little Miss has and then some. The lines were wrapped around to about the 2 hour wait Point in anticipation to get some of the Special Fatty Brisket and Beef Short Rib. Crazy!  Believe me it's worth the wait and be sure you get there really early if you want some of the BEST BBQ around... Next time I'm going to Pre order 7 days in advance so I don't have to"
"Some of the best bbq you'll have anywhere. Opens at 11, but folks start arriving before 9 to get a ticket for their place in line. They begin running out of stuff after about 1.  Beef ribs and brisket usually go first. Pork ribs and fatty brisket are my favorites. Their rub and sauce (I like their original recipe) work perfectly together and the meat pulled of the bone with the gentlest tug. The only bbq we've had as good as this was in Austin TX. We waited in line for an hour and it was worth every minute. Highly recommend!!!"
Fantastic quality and would certainly recommend to anyone trying Texan BBQ. I would consider it pricey but well worth the expense. The brisket would be a flagship recommendation.
I'm a big fan of bbq and this is definitely the place to go if you're interested in great BBQ in Phoenix!
Best brisket I've had by far! And don't get me started on the cheese and jalapeño grits! These guys know what they're doing!
"Great place to eat BBQ, as I heard, is a very nice meal.its awesome place the food is oh my God icant say how testy"
"I would hop on an airplane, fly down to Phoenix, camp out to be first in line just to eat here again. This is by far some of the best BBQ I've ever eaten.

Best thing they had though was surprisingly their dessert! Don't leave without eating one of their smoked pecan pies."
"This place has the best BBQ that I've had in Arizona. They were open on the 4th of July, which was awesome, but they ran out of food fast! By the time we got there, they only had lean brisket and chopped brisket available. We got both and they were very delicious, but I'm excited to try their pulled pork and the fatty brisket next time! 
They also have these little pecan pies that are sooo good. I got one for my son's birthday instead of a cake and he loved it! 
The staff was super friendly and family oriented. I think it was the manager or the owner that came out and readied a bunch of free water cups for the people waiting in line, which was nice. He talked to us for a little while, too. 
I went home smelling like BBQ smoke from standing next to their building for a little while (the wait wasnt too long)."
Little miss bbq did not disappoint. I have heard may great things about this place and they definitely do a great job. Had the brisket ribs and pulled pork. It was the best bbq I've ever had from a restaurant.
Not much to say that hasn't been already said... Delicious BBQ! I love the fatty brisket and the smoked pecan pies are the BEST!
"This is on par with the best BBQ in Phoenix. The wait is ridiculous, since you could easily drive elsewhere in the time you wait to be served. We saw the line one day and skipped it but came back the following day 20 min. prior to opening. Wait time was over 1 hour from opening time. At least 75% of the customers are visitors drawn in by the great Yelp reviews.
Remember - it's Phoenix, it's near the airport and tire shops, the line is outside, the dining is outside, the food is hot. It's not like it's worth the wait to catch breathtaking views.
They offer to-go orders the day ahead which you can jump the line and get at opening time. That is the only way to go, in my opinion.
At least the food was delicious. There is never a reason to rush the art of BBQ, but since it's been smoking all night it should be ready to move. I'm sure they can find a way to cut & weigh it fresh while still getting it to their happy customers more quickly. They are opening a 2nd location, which speaks to the popularity of their craft.
The owners could be billionaires if they got local repeat customers, which unfortunately I'm not."
"I'm an soooo not a BBQ person but this place right here was aaawweessoommee.. I felt like I was sinning eating that fatty brisket (meltsinmouth). Everyone was so nice gave me samples, took me on a tour and, liked my wakanda shirt!!! Along with the fatty brisket the sausages were hand made an seasoned perfectly. Make sure you get there Early (me9:30am) 3rd in line. Would definitely go back. Way to go Little Miss!!!!!"
"Oh my god this food is so worth the wait, BBQ fanatics, MUST COME. so juicy and tender, the bbq is mouth watering,"
"This place is filled with great food and great people. The line is long as you can expect, so go there early. They have mist sprayers for the line on hot Arizona summers, cold water and for the first 50 or so customers, free sausages samples."
"The service and people are excellent. Amazing food and hands down the best BBQ in Phoenix. 

Almost as good as Franklins in Austin, TX minus the 4 hour line."
Great tasting BBQ. Long line but definitely worth the wait. No line? Then they ran out of BBQ! Go early to get a taste of everything! A must try when in Phoenix.
"Waiting in 95 degrees, the expectation was for BBQ like in KCMO or South Central LA - was not close. Sauces lack depth, meat was ok - value for money not there because of all the wait - and it maybe my visit was on a bad say but the wait makes retry not worth the wait"
Best place in Phx AZ to get your grub on!!!! Brisket is awesome! Ribs are awesome! Pulled pork is bomb! And well the place is great! I've tried most BBQ joints in Phx and hands down to Little Miss BBQ
"Its unreal how good this BBQ is.  I waited almost 2 hours, and I would have waited 2 more.  The brisket is the best I have ever eaten, and I have had Franklin and Black's. This little Phoenix gem transports you straight to Texas.  Go get in line now!"
"BEST BBQ IN THE VALLEY...HANDS DOWN!
Everything on the menu is good. They are known for their amazing brisket. I suggest getting a tray and getting a little bit of everything. :)"
"Pulled pork sandwich was sooo good!! Delicious house bbq sauce on it was a nice addition. So filling!! What made this place so much more fun was the fun and courteous staff!! We also bought pork ribs and fatty brisket to go. I didn't love the coleslaw or potato salad, but that's okay.... the delicious meats and big red soda made up for it...;) we will be back!!"
"I've eaten barbecue all over the country...This is by far the best! How lucky to have this awesome restaurant right here in Phoenix!   Enough has been said about this restaurant. If you haven't been here, what are you waiting for???"
"All the hype surrounding this place is real...Little Miss BBQ has the best in Phoenix. Though it's impossible to go wrong with anything on the menu, the brisket is to die for. The jalapeño cheddar grits & pecan pie are also pretty next level, and the sauces  are delicious. 

Plan to get here early (before it opens on weekends is ideal because the lines are long), but it's well worth the wait. I've never in my life experienced meat that tastes this good anywhere else."
"A must if you're in the valley. The brisket was amazing. The sides are so good! Try the ""El Jefe"" sandwich it's a life changer!"
"Opened at 11 am arrived at 11:10 and the line was out the door and for good reason.  The brisket was beyond belief.  Didn't bother with the sides just ordered over a lb of brisket and the three of us devoured it.  I understand that they close after they are sold out so don't wait, go early.  Located in the middle of industrial nowhere it draws customers from all over Maricopa County.  We came from North Scottsdale.  As for the sauce, it doesn't need it however get a slice of white bread and taste all three, regular, spicy and mustard.  My grandson wants them to sell it by ;the bottle it is so good."
"I am originally from the Austin, TX area and Little Miss BBQ does an excellent job of taking me back home. Not only is the BBQ delicious, but the level of customer service is exceptional! I commend the owners and management for creating such a hospitable and welcoming restaurant! 5 for 5 would come again!"
"My girlfriend and I came here for lunch today, and I've gotta say, it's probably the best lunch I've had in years.
The food is absolutely phenomenal, and the the people who work here are all fantastic, with the best personalities. I got the Snake River Farms Wagyu Brisket Plate, which was their special today, and all I can say after finishing that meal was ""Wow.."" Cooked to perfection. Amazing flavor. Incredibly tender and juicy. The sides tasted great. The ambiance was great. The portion sizes are great for what you pay. Everything was great. They even gave us a free Pecan Pie for our dessert when we left, for no reason at all.

Anyone who is even close to the vicinity of Pheonix, AZ, I recommend this place to you. You will absolutely love it. However, I do suggest getting here early, because they are limited on their supply of meat, and they do sell out quick sometimes.
We waited in about a 35 minute line before we ordered and just in that time they sold out of 3 different meats, so the earlier you get there, the better. Although, with that being said, it doesn't matter which meat you get, all of them are equally amazing."
"Good Lord above... for this transplanted Texan, there's no better BBQ outside of the Lone Star State! 

I ordered a boatload of food for our company meeting...  brisket, pulled pork, smoked sausage (to die for), as well as jalapeño cheese grits (mind-numbingly addictive), beans (sigh), and potato salad.

To top it off, a dozen smoked pecan pies that would rival any small town Texas bake competition. 

Please don't go! You will only take up my spot in the restaurant... Nirvana!!!"
"Just simply amazing BBQ meats.  No reservations, no ""buts,"" this is just the best BBQ meat I've had anywhere in the country, including Texas and all of the South.  Show up early, they keep selling out by shortly after noon, as more and more people figure out how good it is.  The brisket can be cut with the side of a plastic fork, and they give you the option to select fatty, drier, or burnt end if there are any left.  You can't go wrong with a mix of all of them.

On top of that, they are super-friendly and inviting.  They treat everyone like family and like the valued customers that they are.  The ""restaurant"" is just a simple dining area and some picnic tables outside.  You're not here for the atmosphere, you're hear for the smoked meats.

I also haven't tried the sides at all yet.  I just order meat.  Why bother with anything else?

This review is short because it's simple--awesome food with awesome service.  Just go there."
"Good food , but ran out of stuff for us.  Line was super long and in the end we were left with only the leftover meats.Loved the pulled pork though and loved that they gave out samples while waiting in line  :) come early. Like really early."
Staff and food are awesome. Best bbq I had in a long time. Would wait again for an hour.
OOOOOH MANNN I absolutely love this place. It's true. It truly is the best bbq you'll ever eat! The 2 hour wait was definitely worth it! This place is a gold mine. Want to know which item was my favorite?? Beef rib!!!!
I am not normally a meat eater but the pulled pork here is addiictively delicious!  I can't wait to eat here again.  I so wish they would add an east valley location.
When I pulled up I wasn't sure what to expect. The chopped brisket sandwich was one of the best I've ever had.  Staff was very nice and helpful.
Wow..  This is one of the best BBQ spots i hv ever met..  The meals there are very delicious.  I prefer this place than most of the places i have visited around the region
"3 stars. First timer. Ugh I really wanted to love this place. I adore good BBQ. I always get the same plate at every bbq spot I try; fatty brisket, sausage and potato salad. So I did my research and saw that if you get there early and stand in line, you will have less risk of having your desired item to run out. I've stood in lines at places before, usually good reason for a long line, right? So I stand in line excited and while they start passing out sausage samples, mentioned they were homemade. I'm so grateful they offered samples because I actually didn't like the sausage at all and it made me change my mind on picking it as a meat option. It had a funny texture, too soft and pushy in the center and the skins on the outside was tough and chewy, I spit it out. Flavor was just ok. I decided I would order fatty brisket and pulled pork instead at that moment. Now back to the line. I was absolutely stunned by the time my spot in line made it indoors. I can't believe they have ONE person making a plate per customer. Seriously ONE person? I understand wanting to slice and prep fresh for everyone, but why not make space for 2 or even 3 workers to serve plates???? The line could move at a much faster pace. Makes no sense to keep people waiting outdoors just to look cool. They passed out samples of the fatty brisket as well which was amazing and the best I've ever had. I ordered it with the pulled pork, potato salad and pecan pie. I hated the pork, threw it away, potato salad was bland, threw it away too. Pecan pie was good. I also got some pastrami Togo, was good, but make sure you know what pastrami already tastes like because it'll kinda be twangy on the first bite until you're used to it. Very friendly people working here which I why I gave another star. Please people get another server and put a end to people waiting so long over such an easy fix."
"There is no any other BBQ in the country tasting like Little Miss BBQ (PERIOD). This place is incredibly amazing! Super friendly staff and owners are amazing offering people free stuff, appreciating everyone for coming in here and taking a very good care of every customer. They care about the quality and not just money. Keep in mind that the wait is usually super long especially on weekends! You may need to wait for 2 hours but it's absolutely worth it! They don't have a big inside dining area but not a big deal because if not you can either seat outside or take it to go. The food is super tasty and the seasoning is fantastic! I don't want to spoil it for you but no matter what meat you get it will be a surprise in your mouth! Just FYI the fatty brisket goes pretty fast! It's so great and it melts in your mouth! Pork ribs amazing too so soft and it separates from the bone easily. I don't know how these guys cook the meat but it's just incredible! You have to try it to know what I'm talking about!
As far as sides; I love the beans the coleslaw is ok but not my favorite I wish it was more saucy. Haven't tried the beef ribs but a lot of people getting it and it looks pretty good! As far as dessert you can get the pecan pie and it's really good! Their sauces are amazing too! My most favorite one is the house sauce. If you like BBQ you this place is the must to try! It will change your life."
I see the face of the Lord when I eat the BBQ there. Delightful. Long line for a reason.
"I went there twice, the fatty brisket and beef ribs are the must try things. I love them soooo much. I went there around 9:15, so I can make sure the food won't run out when it is my turn. My ticket would be the first ten people in line when I got there around 9:15."
"I was in town for my daughter's gymnastics competition, and decided to give this place a try.  For this review, I will be focusing on the customer service that I received from JOHN at the register.  John works the register and is also the person who comes outside before they open, and shouts on his megaphone to both inform and excite the crowd.  After placing my $526 to go order, I was ready to pay.  After paying with my credit card, John looked at the register Ipad screen, shook his head, and then made a loud and noticeable tisk remark.  He started aggressively bagging the rest of my food, carried it to an open table, and slammed it down.  It made a loud thud onto the table and he quickly walked away.  My friend who was behind me in line, paid for his food (also a to go order of similar size) right after me.  John bagged up his order, carried his order to the table beside my food, and gently placed it down on the table.  He then said to my friend, ""Thank you so much for leaving such a very generous tip!  It goes to everyone here who is working hard for the customers.""  He said so in an exaggerated manner and very loud, to make sure that I heard him.  I really wish I had called him out on his unprofessional, immature behavior right then and there, but unfortunately I didn't.  I have never, ever, felt so disrespected at a restaurant as I was by John.  I will be contacting the owner and general manager to inform them of how I was treated by John.  It is very upsetting to me that I would spend as much money as I did, just to walk away disrespected, angry, and disappointed."
"No doubt , one of the best BBQ in Phoenix. You must try this jewel. Great staff , friendly and accommodating, water offered for those in the outside line"
"I was in Phoenix for a day and have heard soooo many good things about this place. Unfortunately I got here at 12 pm on a Saturday so the wait was about 2 hours

What I ordered:
- 2 plate fatty brisket with beans and potato salad
- The Jefe with grits

The good:
- I had a book to read during my 2 hour wait and snacks to keep me from getting hungry 
- FATTY BRISKET AMAZEBALLSSS melt in your mouth flavor packed awesomeness
- Sweet and tangy sauce 
- Samples once you get in the door to eat while you wait
- Dog bones available to bring home

The bad:
- Parking is a extremely limited
- The line (obviously) 
- Sides were not memorable 

Advice for next time:
Arrive earlier
Get only fatty brisket (although I didn't try the ribs)
Order bulk in advance by pound for pick-up and no wait"
"Best BBQ we've ever had, hands down.  The whole experience makes it worth it. 

Arrived at 9:45am. 
Line forms at 1030-1040am. 
We were served at 11:08am. 

The staff is AWESOME, very personable and friendly.  They will also let you try samples of any of the meats before ordering.  Just go knowing you will be waiting in line if you are not there before they open at 11."
"Sitting here and I am already impressed. I can't wait for the food to get here. I came at 9:05 to bring lunch for a friend and I was 5th in line. A bird left a nice one on my car and one of the employees helped me cleaned it off, and offered to move my car. I watched this attendant communicate with every customer that came in the parking lot to ensure that they have a ticket because if you don't know by now the line starts far before it even opens. I can't wait to see what my friend says about the food"
"I had to wait for 45 minutes, but it was worth the wait for the best barbecue here in Phoenix and became friends with some people in line who ended up sitting with me and my mom at. The food is beyond amazing and my favorite thing to eat there is the barbecue pork, veggies and mac & cheese! The pecan pie was amazing as well! The customer service was outstanding and they know how to make customers feel valued!"
"Absolutely worth the wait!
We arrived about 11:30 am last Friday, having just driven from Los Angeles.  While my wife found a spot at a picnic table, I waited in line for about 45 minutes, chatting with the people around me, and sampling the sausage that the owner brought out for the crowd.  I finally got to the front of the line and ordered a full BBQ pork rib plate (measured by weight at 3/4 lb.), with cole slaw and baked beans as my sides.  I returned to the shaded picnic tables (it was about 90 degrees outside), and my wife and I enjoyed some of the best BBQ we've ever had.  Each bite of the ribs was dripping with juice, and extraordinarily flavorful.  I decided quickly that the ribs needed no sauce (spicing was perfect!), though my wife tried the three sauces on the table.
We weren't in town for the ribs, specifically, but certainly enjoyed our lunch while on our way to our event later that afternoon.  Nobody batted an eyelash at the droplets of scrumptious rib juice on our shirts once we mentioned where we'd eaten lunch.
Mini pecan pies were on offer for dessert, but I can't imagine how anyone could have any room left."
"This BBQ is worth the wait, PERIOD!  I've been to both locations.  I've waited over 1 1/2 hours for brisket and spare ribs at the original location.  I've waited for 20 minutes at the new location.  I will wait again, SOON.  The hospitality is great.  The friendly staff and owners come around and greet you...sometimes with smoky treats.  Mac&Cheese is like moms...how'd you get her receipt?! The jalapeño, cheddar grits are yummy and the beans...there is chopped pieces of brisket in the beans.  OMG!  I look forward to the next visit to try the pastrami...Oh My Goodness!  This is a must try, bucket list type restaurant that you will absolutely love."
"My 2nd visit here! Absolutely the most savory and mouth watering bbq we've had! 

We got there an hour and a half before it opened. The line can get pretty long. We ordered the fatty brisket, sausage, potato salad, beans and a pecan pie for dessert.  THEY SMOKE THEIR PECAN PIE!  YUM!!

The fatty brisket is so tender and melts in your mouth.  You don't need to chew.  Once you lay that heavenly piece of meat on your tongue,  the smoke and the juices slowly start breaking down in your mouth.  WOW!

The sausage has the perfect snap while you bite into the tender morsels of the sausage.  Such a deal at $4.25 a sausage.

The Pecan Pie, it's hard to explain.  They're small, but shareable, but after you taste one, I don't know if you would want to share the rest.  Butter goodness in this pie and the sweetness in perfect.  And did I mention they smoked it?  You can taste that smoke, but it isn't overpowering at all.

Little Miss BBQ, Phoenix....GO NOW!!"
"I regret this rating and bemoan my disappointment because I did so want the barbecue promised in these Yelp ratings. ( One 3 Star, two 4-star and 67 FIVE Star ratings to date). 

We only had the brisket, moist of course, and maybe it is superior to the Arizona palate.  I am a South/Central Texan where barbecue is brisket and meat is beef.  The rest being mere novelty items, on the menu for the benefit of your in-laws from Up North or for shirt-tail cousins from East Texas and the rest of the Deep South who eat pigs.

I am truly sorry.  I liked the owner couple that served me and understand that she has Austin roots.  My brisket was tender throughout but inside the smoke ring it was bland and flavorless.  I wish them success all the same, but I won't be back.

You folks from New Jersey that like Joe's, Outback, Honey Bears, Daves or Chili's for links, baby backs, pork or (for God's sake) pastrami.....keep on plugging this place with 5 stars.  If you don't know barbacoa as a Sunday specialty, don't even bother trying to rate Texas barbecue; it is beyond your ken.

Central Texans...the closest thing to down home is still Rudy's at I-10 and  Chandler Blvd..

 P.S.  I was in Austin last month and asked an expert why the Líl Miss brisket tasted like roast beef in the center.  He said it was because they didn't smoke it long enough.  He said it was tender in the middle because it continued to cook in the foil after it was removed from the smoker.  

Maybe I was there on an unusual day when somebody was sick or hungover or something.  I don't know.  Everybody else must have known because there was no line at all and they weren't sold out at 3 p.m.   I won't be back to find out. 

I don't trust Yelp reviews anymore, they are mostly yuppie-huffy and with snowbirds from New Jersey writing glowing reviews about barbecued pastrami at Li'l Miss or foie gras tacos at The Mission in Scottsdale. Get real.  Plus I was just offered $20 each for positive Yelp reviews that I might write for businesses throughout the country."
"Uber'd from Arizona Grand Resort while on business. Arrived to a industrial area, no fancy stuff here. The line when we arrived was about 20people deep. While in line we met with one of the owners(forgot his name). Very nice guy spoke to us about his new location. Also have us a tour of the 3 camelback smokers they use. They were load with meat and ribs for the next day. As we waited the list of available Q was literally disappearing. When we made it inside there is a small area to the left where they have t-shirts, I had to get one. Got Up to the counter and the ribs, fatty brisket, and pulled pork were gone already. So I got some brisket, had some fatty on it, a side of jalapeño grits and slaw. Almost forgot I also tried the smoked pecan pie. I must say, the brisket was amazing, wasn't dry or chewy. Had the right texture and flavor. The grits were very good, with the right amount of kick from the jalapeño. The slaw didn't cut it for me. Almost did it again, the pecan pie. I had never tried smoked pecan pie, it was really good. This is one of those places when asked, you just say ""YES""."
Wow. Decent but wouldn't be in business in the Midwest. Totally overrated. I guess AZ really has no competition in the BBQ space. The sides are ridiculously horrible. Just amazed at all the hype.
"When my best friend Deb told me we'd be going here for lunch, I got excited, but not THAT excited. I live in a bubble and don't always know what's going on out there. She told me she'd pick me up at 9:45. AM. In the morning. To go to BBQ. Whaaattt???!!! 

We got there a little after 10, and there was already a line of about 50 people. Our wait was about 90 minutes. The banter at the counter made it all worth it. The guys are so great! When I can interact with the people who make the magic, like my trip to Welcome Diner when Payton Curry was there, it makes the experience so much more fun for me. 

The menu is simple. Love it. I got ""2 Meats,"" which is a choice of 2 meats (GET IT???) and 2 sides. I chose the beans and jalapeno cheddar grits. During our banter, I mentioned it was my birthday weekend. Seriously, I have told everyone I have seen this weekend that it's my birthday weekend. IDGAF. One of the guys gave me a little pecan pie for my birthday. How sweet is that? 

When I sat down to eat, I took my douchebag food pic and dug in. And my eyes welled up with tears. My meal was gorgeous. Not just to look at, but to taste and feel. Simply. Gorgeous. 

My mom wants to go, but I'm not letting her bring my stepdad. He is very impatient and I don't want him ruining my experience. 

I can't wait to eat the leftover sausage this morning with my eggs. I. Can't. Wait."
"Good eats! Yes you are going to wait in line for a while.  I got my ticket and got in line at 10:30  and got my food at 1:00 pm.  As you wait they have free water, free samples and a clean restroom. Mike does a good job working the lines . Standing in line for 2 hours you get to know people on a first name basis. 

The Food 

I got a beef short rib. I would describe It as the opening of The Flintstones. I did not think I was going to get one but I'm glad I did. It was juicy and tender..

Sausage was good. My boy enjoyed them they also gave them as sample as you waited in line. 

Pork Ribs tender fall off the bone.

Brisket there are two type Fatty or lean . I went for the fatty brisket all I could say is WOW!  After the first bite I forgot about the 2 hour I spent in line. 

DON'T FORGET ABOUT THE PECAN PIE"
"All four of us in our party agreed that this was the best brisket we'd ever tasted.   There had been some growing skepticism in line -- and you should be prepared.  We arrived at 1:15 and faced an hour wait -- but the moment we tasted the product, all was well.   Based on suggestions from the staff, we all ordered the fatty brisket.  Do not be turned off by the term ""fatty.""  This is melt-in-your-mouth, tender brisket.   The best we've ever had.

Also ordered a side of pulled pork and while it was very good, the brisket is the order to have.    The smoked turkey also looks fantastic and might be worth ordering some, just to sample, but again... have the fatty brisket.

The sides were tremendous.   The cheesy grits and baked beans were first-rate.

The staff is incredible.  During our hour wait, various team members come out and chat with the folks on line -- importantly at the late hour we arrived -- giving us updated on how the supplies are holding up (i.e. ""we should have brisket for everyone up to this point, but we just ran out of pastrami"") and just talking with us about what they do at Little Miss BBQ.   The folks seemed genuinely interested in talking with customers and sharing their passion for BBQ.  This hospitality continued through every interaction -- waiting on line, ordering, and even settling up at the register.  I love the passion these people have for their food and their customers.

Be aware of the line.   I'm told the only way to avoid it is to show up around 10 AM and wait the hour until it opens.  So, not quite the epic Franklin BBQ line, but still a decent wait to eat lunch.  As I said, we got there at 1:15 and faced an hour wait -- plus, as it turned out, a decent risk of getting to the front only to find items we wanted were sold out.  This didn't happen, but sometime within 5 to 10 people behind us, the place did run out of fatty brisket.  So, I'd recommend arriving by Noon just to be super certain the place has the brisket for which you've come.  

Obviously, it's hot in Phoenix, but the line is shaded, there are misters keeping you cool, and the restaurant provides water (the workers even ask to make sure you're drinking enough while you wait).

This is a MUST eat if you're visiting PHX (like we were) or if you live there.  You are going to be hard pressed to find better BBQ anywhere.   Incredible food served by the most welcoming, passionate BBQ people you'll ever find.  5-stars for sure."
"Had the brisket, pulled pork and the jalapeno sausage with sides of baked beans and potato salad. The sides were eh... but we came for the meat! And yes the meat was good! We are not fans of heavily sauced bbq so we don't go out for bbq often because thats how most places serve it. The meat here is not slathered in sauce. It is smoky, flavorful, tender and delicious. The brisket is my fav! Sauces are on the table so you are able to add as much or as little as you desire."
"Lol  I saw what I thought was ""the line"" walking up...little did I know that was just the front and the line started way back like B.C.  Anyways I stood in line because I was going to eat no matter what or die trying.  Everyone in line looked so miserable, there should've been an IV hydration station truck in the parking lot, but when you get closer to glory there's a water cooler and they also have nice staff that check on you.  Finally I get to the finish line and let me tell you...I'D STAND IN LINE A MILLION TIMES OVER FOR THAT FOOD!!! IT WAS DAMN GOOD!!!! My only regret is that I didn't buy more food, but they were running out of brisket and I thought it would be unfair and gluttonous to do that to the others.  Morale of the story, bring a book, headphones, and come hydrated to grab some of the most delicious ribs and brisket EVER!!!!"
"We went to Little Miss BBQ for a dinner before going to Fox's and enjoying a smoke. 

Appearance: On entering Little Miss, I was in love with the pits outside the store. The line was at the door. As we were waiting, there's a spot where they prepare BBQ for serving. Some beautifully Barbecue turkey was coming out when we were coming through. The dining area was very modern, not the kind of place you typically associate barbecue with, but definitely a nice locale.

Hospitality: I'm from Kansas. I know of some barbecue places that will scare the piss out of you but make up for it in the food. The folks here were not that. They were super nice. I asked about burnt ends though and the lady kind of looked at me like I was an alien for a second.
While I was watching the guys carve the turkeys up, I chatted with the guy there too and it was obvious that these folks took pride in their work.

The Food: This was the one drop of the ball for me. Firstly, the food was delicious. I had the Brisket. It pulled apart by just a little tug of the fingers and had enough bark to give it some nice flavor. The real problem wasn't the flavor of the meat over all, but the fact that it didn't scream Barbecue to me. The rub they used was a bit too much pepper and not enough garlic, brown sugar, or cayenne. 
It was tasty, but for Texas style BBQ it was okay. Their sauces: The Mustard was a bit sweet, The home sauce was very heavily ketchup based, and the spicy was the same with a little kick. 

Overall Impression: The food was tasty, well cooked, I just had a disagreement with the sauce and the rub. It doesn't mean it's bad, it's really good actually, but not my kind of BBQ. 
Would I go back? Of course, the staff is friendly, the food is decent, but I might sneak in a bottle of Sweet Baby Rays."
"This is definitely the best BBQ in Arizona and arguably one of the best in the entire country.

I have been here a few times and can attest to their quality and consistency. 

My standard order is the two meat plate (turkey and brisket) with a sausage or two and a few sides.  

The meat and sauces are excellent, but their slaw and tater salad leave a lot to be desired.

I had to give them four stars, because I absolutely despise standing in line and this last time I waited for about 45 minutes.

With that being said, if you're visiting Phoenix and hungry for BBQ, Little Miss is the place to go.

Just get there early..."
"Looked great, except these guys dont make enough food to serve all of their customers. Flies everywhere in the store, even behind the glass where the food is kept. Patronizing attitude by the people who work here. Find a better bbq joint. This place is whack."
"This place is absolutely amazing!!!! You really do have to get there early if you want food. We've found a way to ensure we always get Little Miss when we want it - order catering! You'll have to pick up your food waaaay before lunchtime, but it doesn't matter. The food is great hot, lukewarm or cold. It's worth every penny and every minute you wait. I think I'm going to talk to my manager today and see if we can get some ordered soon!!!"
"There hasn't been a BBQ joint worth mentioning as far as I'm concerned until now, My husband and I stumbled upon this after searching Yelp & have frequented here ever since, we have never been disappointed in any way by the food or the staff, owner is a very humble and kind individual & that reflects in his staff, which has now made my family and I life long customers."
"I finally got to try this place and I loved it! The owner is so nice!  He helped my mother and I park our car in his lot, luckily we got the last spot.  Don't worry about the line being long when you get there because the food is definitely worth it!  We even got free samples of the sausage!

I got the fatty brisket and sausage. The brisket was absolutely amazing and the sausage was good too!  The sauce was good as well!  I would definitely recommend getting the smoked pecan pie, it was just heavenly!

I have no complaints about anything.  The service was good, the food was amazing and great atmosphere overall!"
"If you don't get here by 10:20, they will run out of food. After getting here at 11:00, at 11:30 worker told end of line they would run out of brisket before we got to order. So, forget this place if you are not here by 10:30, they will run out of food before you get to order.

Suggestion: limit orders of brisket when people already in line when you open can't get any.  Not that difficult."
"LISTEN TO ME...
If you have not been here yet and it is not after 4pm, a Monday or a Sunday. Get in your vehicle, buy a bus pass, call an uber, or cash in on that  favor your cousin owes you...do what ever you have to do to get here. I too was once like you, going through life, thinking I was truly happy. It wasn't until I arrived at Little Miss BBQ and realized how empty my life really was. Be good to yourself today and come clog your arteries with the best BBQ you have EVER had.
I won't write too much because I'm still trying to get over how this place blew my panties off.
Get there early....the brisket is DELICIOUS, and the pecan pie is an out of body experience!!!
Almost forgot, the staff is BEYOND AMAZING!
None of this was an exaggeration"
This bbq place is amazing!!! Their staff is awesome! The bbq is to die for. Omg I was so happy we went here on a Saturday because we were able to eat the beef short ribs! It was falling off the bone and when you eat it the meat is like butter it melts in your mouth!
Legit barbecue on the West-coast!!! You better get there early because they sell out within 3 hours. Chopped Brisket is the best I had in years.
Just moved here from KC. This is as good as KC BBQ!  Great flavor! Excellent service!  I'll be going back! David
"Really Good BBQ, but I do NOT get all the hype. Standing in line for hours, place running out of food, etc. I feel like I'm trying to get in a Hollywood club versus trying to eat lunch. I'm from Texas so my bbq standards are high, and I will say it was good- but there are other places in town (a couple) that certainly meet the mark without all the hoopla."
"Was recently in Phoenix, stopped by new location on N 7th Street. The staff here was great, very nice, courteous, and awesome customer service. My husband is a BBQ enthusiast and future pit master.. John was kind enough to give us a tour of the Bbq pits and some bbq pointers.  Our food was delicious, would highly recommend the ribs, sausage, brisket, and pecan pie."
"Long wait time with flies surrounding the area. Guy B.S.'s everyone to make the time go by when he should be handing out samples. Only one guy cutting the meat and eating it out and two women were on the register and getting sides which was the chocks point of the line. Don't come here if you in any time constraint. Came before 1pm on a weekday and things were already sold out which is annoying and sucks. No links...  Ribs aren't seasoned to my likings. Too much mustard on them and the texture is a little off. Brisket even though ordered ""lean"" was still very fatty but flavor was good. Ordered two pounds of meat total and that's not a lot and your already over $40. I think I'll be using my dollars more wisely next time I'm in the mood for bbq. This place is hype!"
"They use gigantic customized propane tanks turned into bbq smokers. The brisket is the most popular but don't pass up the beef ribs, pork ribs, turkey or smoked sausage made in house. Check their online website for price and ordering for pick-up. They sell by the pound and can be pricey, but let me assure you that you get what you pay for and it will be devine. If you like bbq you'll love Little Miss BBQ. You can take that to the bank!"
"The best beef ribs in town and they are huge and meaty.
Arrive at least an hour before the restaurant opens to get in line.  Friday and Saturday are the only days you can get the beef ribs, they are worth the wait in line.  
They are known for running out of the beef ribs, the beef brisket is just as good."
"Over hype under deliver. Does anyone know how to even BBQ? Or is bbq just not that good in general, who knows"
"You have not had good barbecue until you've had Little Miss BBQ.

First off, in order to do this place right, you need to be there at least 30 minutes before they open. This will help you avoid standing in line for about an hour. The wait is very normal here, and you should come here expecting a long wait, but trust me, it is so worth it. There is always a cooler filled with water outside.

When I first came to Little Miss they only  had one smoker. A few months later they were setting up a second smoker to keep up with demand. Before the second smoker they were closing up shop not long after opening as they were running out of meat. The second smoker helped. 

I recently went back about 2 years since my last visit and they now have a third smoker! It makes me happy to see that these guys are doing so well as they NEVER compromise on quality here. I've heard the owner say on multiple occasions he would try different things as long as he never compromised the quality of the food. It's good to hear somebody be so passionate about his product that he never compromises on quality.

The Jefe sandwich is a MUST HAVE your first time here. I think it's a great way to get a good idea of what this place offers. After that, the fatty brisket and the ribs are to die for! Your ribs are falling off the bone the second you pick them up, and the meat just melts like butter in your mouth. Their sausage is also homemade and is without a doubt the best sausage I have ever had in my life.

The ranch style beans are so delicious, as well as their jalapeño cheese grits. 

Little Miss is definitely a place that I am proud to take friends to. It's incredible and the owners are the nicest people you'll ever meet. 

If you are in Phoenix, you absolutely cannot pass this place up, it is a gem!"
"The best food I've had in my five or so visits to Phoenix! Yeah, I said it. 

My colleague and I came straight here from the airport for lunch. We arrived a little after 10:00 am and so had to wait an hour until they opened. Thankfully, they have chairs to tailgate and the staff was super friendly, so chatted us up and gave out samples until they opened officially at 11:00 am. 

We shared two two meat plates ($16) which let us try every type of meat and all the sides. I'd consider myself a side gal but wasn't blown away. We tried the potato salad, slaw, jalapeño grits and beans. I found the potato salad to be the best which surprised me because I usually don't love it. Their version is light on the sauce and doesn't have unnecessary additions like hard boiled eggs. Everything else wasn't bad but it was easy for me to save room for the meat! 

The star of the show is definitely the meat. If I HAD to pick only two, I would probably do the brisket and sausage, but it would be quite sad if you couldn't try the ribs. There were three types of BBQ sauce on the table and I rotated between all of them, not able to land on a favorite because they were so good. Everything was tender and packed with flavor. 

To end, we split a pecan pie which is a solid decision no matter how full you may be. It was super gooey and rich. Definitely beat the pecan pies that regularly grace my Thanksgiving dinner table. 

I found it funny that the Uber drivers that dropped us off and picked us up had no idea what Little Miss BBQ was. Its close proximity to the airport (and stellar Yelp reviews) undoubtedly make it a tourist destination but it clearly deserves the love."
"Great food but the guy that man's the parking lot told us that it would take us an hour to park but it really took 5-10 minutes. He also said the line is 1.5 hour long, but we were ordering in 30 minutes. He was trying to get us to leave and was very rude about it."
I have to be honest people may not agree but from what we tasted the food was ok. We arrived around 1pm and the line was still out the door. The meats available that were limited to Brisket. It was good but not the best I've had. The sides we had was potato salad beans which both were ok a little peppery. The pecan pie was too sweet for me. Next time we'll have to come early and try all the different bbq meats..
I was in town for work and put a visit to LMB on my calendar after hearing about it from local colleagues and reading the Yelp reviews.  The myth is true!  James cuts the meat and provides a welcome and training for first timers.  The BBQ is on par with the best I've ever had in MO or TX. I shall return!
"I've been coming here for years now and it's definitely worth the wait. Even though they don't open until 11 am it's best to arrive around 9 am to get a ticket and hold your place in line. You can never go wrong with the brisket and ribs. The turkey is another go to item and remains moist and juicy when reheated. I've never been a grits eater, but now I always get the jalapeño cheddar grits when I come. I'll have to try the Sunnyslope location since they have mac & cheese."
"Probably the best BBQ in Phoenix. It's a step above Dickey's or Famous Dave's. My personal favorite and recommendation is the turkey, it really holds it own even against the more popular ribs or brisket. Not sure the difficult parking or multi-hour wait is quite worth it, but every Phoenician should try it at least once, and if you are desperate for BBQ it's your best bet."
"Wow! Wow! Wow!  This place has a well deserved 5 star rating! I travel to Phoenix a couple of times a year and a couple of years ago I missed out on trying this place because my impatient ass didn't want to wait in the line,  but never again will I make that mistake.  I will wait as long as I have to for BBQ as good as this.   

Waiting in line:  it looks long but it goes by quick and they are constantly updating the menu if they run out of things( they cover it with tape if they sell out) so  when you get to the front no surprises and it also helps with having your order ready when you get to the front.  
while you wait.  they have some chairs for you to sit on and plenty of water to stay hydrated.  They have line rules.  like it's okay to save a spot in line for 1 or 2 people, but not a whole group which I loved!  
and they have in the planters rocks for you to stack if you get bored. If you stack more than 13 you get a free pecan pie (personal size).

you get to the front of the line and they actually let you sample the meats.  and their meat portions are great too.  they day I went they had pastrami and turkey which I love both but had never had BBQ-ed so I was iffy about them, but they were both freaking A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  so tender, juicy & flavorful.  Just plain melt in your mouth delicious.  I thought brisket was what I wanted and I did get that but got the pastrami as my second meat on my 2 meat plate and a side of turkey too- it was that good!  

 Got my plate with 2 sides and all the (free)  fixins just ask for them if you want them  (bread,onions, pickles, & jalapenos) 

I took it all outside and enjoyed it with all three of their sauces - also crazy delish! 

There wasn't a single thing that I didn't love at Little Miss BBQ and on top of that they have the sweetest friendliest staff.  I had an excellent experience.  The food and customer service are equally great.  If I could give them 10 stars I would.  They're the Best!"
"Best bbq place around. They got the freshest most flavorful meat. I highly recommend the brisket & beef ribs (weekend only) with their signature bbq sauce. Just know it'll be on the pricey side, but it's worth & priced the way it is for a VERY GOOD reason. Also suggest showing up 30 minutes before they open so you're guaranteed to get your food. Anyway well deserved my 5 stars & anybody else who thinks it's lower is just a hater."
"Little miss is one of the best place for BBQ in Arizona!

If you wanna visit this place, I would recommend you come at the opening time 11 am. Here are some reasons:
1. There not much parking spaces in here.
2. This place is so popular, they sold out really fast.
3. If you love the signature item- fatty brisket, come here on time!
I waited in the line for an hour for this place, which was so odd for an impatient person like me, but worth it after I taste it!

Service: The staff here are absolutely friendly, no doubt! They chat with you if they have chance. Feels like friends. 

Food: I was so lucky I got the last chunk of the fatty brisket, it was so tender and juicy, I felt the meat can melt in my mouth. 

Side: I chose the ranch style beans and the jalapeño cheddar grits. The beans had some pull porks in it. The grits taste little milky and creamy. 

Overall: The place for you if you craving for BBQ!"
"All I can say is GO GO & GO... but get there early. (9A). I can't stress how not only was the BBQ good but so was the service... Mike, best guy ever treating the customer with class. If you look at some of my BBQ ratings I never give a 5 star but in this case,​ this place was deserving​​. 
I got the 
Pork Ribs they​ were O...​.
Brisket (Lean) good
Beef Ribs (H*ll yea) awesome​
Sausage Ok 
the Grits..... YES!!!! I am a Grits eater and these were some good Creamy Grits... 
I forgot the try the Pecan Pie... Damn I gotta go back when I visit Phoenix again"
"So over rated

Maybe it used to be good but 4th visit and I'm still disappointed. 

Long wait, and short hours make it a fame but the food is dry. 

Not worth the wait, honey bears is way better, very moist, and hardly any wait. 

Can't believe this is on the top BBQ lists in az yikes"
"I accidentally stumbled on this place based on the crazy amount of 5 star reviews. I was in line for over 30 min and was very confused but when I got to the pit master I realized why. The customer service was amazing. They don't just cut the meat in a rush, they love the meat and give you time and attention the meat deserves, well worth the wait for that commitment. While in line I was offered a burnt end of the fatty brisket and my life was forever changed. Best meat I have ever consumed. That bite changed my order from a simple meal to a per pound order  I ended up getting a Lb of the brisket, sausage and a pecan pie. I ended up bringing the food home to share with my family rather than hoard it all to myself, there will be other times for that! Honestly, hands down the best BBQ experience I've ever had and I can't wait to go again! The pie is literally perfect in every way."
"Just ate there! Wonderful barbecue!  It's tiny, you have to wait in line, AND it's so worth the wait! I had the brisket plate, another in our group had the pork-- it was all awesome good! This place is small and only stays open until they sell out-- which they do!  This is a very clean place too.  Everyone there is very pleasant and professionally friendly-- ie outstanding customer service!  This is truly a hidden gem!! We will definitely return!!"
"We arrived at exactly noon (an hour after they opened) on a Tuesday. 

Service:  5/5
Their parking lot is relatively small with a staff directing traffic, but we lucked into a spot.  Waited little over an hour and had three updates from the staff on the meat status as they were running low on Fatty (Moist) Briskets. Luckily, by the time we got to order, everything was still available. We ordered two 2-meat plates with an extra sausage to try out most of their meats.  Our order was right at the very end pieces of one brisket, but the cutter got out a new brisket instead and told us they only serve the highest quality pieces. He also let us taste some burnt ends on the new brisket. It goes without saying, the service from parking to waiting in line and to getting our food was extremely pleasant!

Food: 5/5
The Fatty Brisket is ""fill-in any expletive"" amazing! Perhaps the best piece of BBQ meat I've ever tasted and I have had my fair share of BBQ in Texas (Dallas/Austin/Houston). A perfect pencil-width slice with smokey crust that surrounds a perfect blend of fatty and collagen marbling. The first melt (I mean bite?) was an out of body experience.
There were no bad meats, but none comparable to the fatty brisket. The remaining in order of my favorites: lean brisket, sausage, pork ribs, pulled pork.
The sides were nothing special. The grits is worth trying, but I could do without the other sides (beans, coleslaw, potato salad). If you are feeling dessert, you must try the mini pecan pie at least once!

I've had a lot of BBQ over the years... and even the same restaurants vary by experience, but my first encounter with Little Miss BBQ is among the best 3 BBQ experiences I've had! 

Update: ordered the Super Bowl Special. 
Got a whole brisket. It's very dangerous to put 6-7lbs of Little Miss BBQ brisket in front of people without some kind of restraints. We chopped off the ends for nachos, sliced the fatty ends to make some sliders, and served the rest in slices."
"Good BBQ if you have the time to wait. They are so popular that there is always a line. That being said get in line! It will be worth the wait. Now this is. Not my favorite BBQ place but it is up there. 
What you need to know before going.
1-small parking lot you may not get a spot but they control the traffic and keep things moving 
2- there will be a line and like the website states once the food is gone it's gone. 
3- setaside about 1 hour for this visit 
4- very limited seating 
All that being said you have to go at least once"
"So, the existential question is whether it is worth waiting an hour for sublime barbecue. And yes, the barbecue here is amazing. Tasty, non-fatty, beef and juicy pulled pork make for an amazing meal. On top of that, the sides -- coleslaw and grits in my case-- are as good as you can get. The folks here know their barbecue and know how to please their customers. This place isn't fancy and that's just the way it ought to be.  

Having said all that, I'm glad I did it but don't imagine that if I'm in the neighborhood I would once again wait an hour to eat barbecue. So, the bottom line is, if you want an experience and don't mind hanging out with some nice people for a while, go for it!"
"Went here for lunch and waited about 40 minutes in a line with others that cooled us off with misters and ice cold water. The staff was very friendly and engaged us in conversation. 
When we finally got in to place our order the guy at the counter offered us small chunks of mouth watering brisket. Yummo! The meal was  FABULOUS  and well worth the 40 minute wait. 

Thank God they are right down the street from my work. I will be back!"
"A referral said this is the very best BBQ outside of Texas.  

It's located in a very industrial park of town. It opens at 11am. We got there at 10:30 and got one of the last parking spots.  A local said the line starts 45 minutes to an hour before opening. 

I got the beef brisket and pork ribs and sausage with beans and cheesy grits.  The brisket glistened with grease, and had a beautiful pink smoke ring. It practically melted in your mouth, and every bight had a smoked taste!  Comparable to ""Bludsoe's "" in LA. 

The ribs were tender, meaty and delicious!

The sausage was very good: rich deep flavor with a skin the snapped when you bight.  The cheesy grits were out of this world!  

Generous portions: I could not finish all the food!

You don't come here for ambiance:  communal picnic tables with paper towels rolls and the 3 sauces.  

Down and dirty and delicious! 

Worth every bit of the Smokey, succulent experience!

The server was very friendly, and often gave the people samples from odd scraps on the well-worn cutting board. 

If I come back in town, I'd come back!"
Went on a Friday morning and waited 2.5 hours to order the food. The locals around us told me it was worth the wait. Glad I tried it but only reason I didn't give five stars. I will go back during the week but I'll order ahead and pick up before they open.
"I thank you, all of you yelpers for introducing me to this place.  

I was able to avoid a long line by going around 3pm. Granted they were sold out of some stuff and I took the last of a few of the other stuff, but it was all good.

I introduced two families in Phoenix to this place who had never heard of it before and they have been in and around Phoenix for quite some time.

Everything was so good.  We got the brisket, the ribs (just falling off the bone as soon as you bite into it) and the pulled pork!  Grabbed a few of the sides as well AND a couple of cute pecan pies... they really are the best.  

This is worth a stop while you are in Phoenix.  It is really close to the airport too!

PS This is mom and pop shop, so it feels great to support it."
"Food great wait times terrible. Had to wait almost 1,5 hour for the food. This is the only downfall about this place. Brisket was fantastic. I do not know if I will wait that long again though."
"Today for training me and a coworker decided to try something different than the provided lunch. We stopped in for some BBQ and almost turned around due to the line. We knew there would be a wait but we only had an hour. I'm so glad we waited!!

The staff was friendly! The line moved at a good pace. And to top that off the food was great!  Not a fan of the spicy sauce because it was too sweet but it good nonetheless. The sides were tasty. 

I look back and try to remember the appropriate words to describe the BBQ. I want to use the word smoky but I can't because I don't remember! I devoured my sandwich too fast! I will definitely be back to try the other meats!

This trip in Phoenix I have been to two Five Star reviewed places and they both have been amazing! 

THANKS YELP!"
"I fell in love with Central TX Style BBQ at Franklin's in Austin.  I don't like BBQ where it's drenched in a whole mess of sauce.  Sauce on the side yes that's A-OK!  If you have to pick a sauce.  My fave of their three is the tangy-spicy.  

And when it comes to TX the star of the show is the brisket.  Fatty or lean chopped up or sliced.....Little Miss BBQ delivers.  Personally if your only going to be here once go with the fatty brisket and the pork ribs.  Just melt in your mouth goodness and the smoke from the pecan and pistachio wood come through in every bite.  

Owners Scott and Bekke are constantly checking in on customers while waiting in line and dining and some of the friendliest people you could ever meet.  

The only side I personally recommend is the ranch style beans that had chunks of their home made jalapeño sausage but the cheddar grits although was good but perhaps not the ideal side to pair with BBQ.  The coleslaw and potato salad I would pass next time.  Nothing to write about.  On this particular day we were able to also get the Pumpkin Nutella pie and Bekke's Smoked Pecan Pie both ""baked"" in their smoker.  The pecan pie was a bit too syrupy to my liking.  I personally would pass on that next time.  But the pumpkin pie with drizzle of Nutella baked in is a nice touch.  I would get that again but it's not available everyday .  

Arrived here 40 minutes before they opened at 11AM on a Tuesday morning.  2 parking spots left when we arrived.  I've heard it's a zoo on Saturdays.  Glad I was able to stop by during the week!  

What to look forward to on certain days weekly.......

Smoked Lamb on Wednesdays.

Smoked Pastrami on Thursdays.  

Pork AND Beef ribs on Fridays and Saturdays.

Overall I'm giving LMB 4 stars.  5 stars for the brisket and pork ribs.  The sides and their pies get 3 stars overall.  At the end of the day it's the protein!  This is a must stop if your a carnivore in Phoenix.  Perhaps it should be your first stop if you just arrived at Sky Harbor from a morning flight cause it's right there!  Don't miss out."
"WOW! Worth the wait...not really sure I can enjoy such great quality BBQ anywhere else. 

We arrived a few minutes before 10am, found a parking spot and were immediately greeted by the owner? I think? Mike was his name. Wonderful, helpful and full of info on BBQ. He gave us a ticket and let us know to come back at 1030 to get our spot back in line if we didn't want to wait. Super flawless process for the crowd, parking, and getting in line. 

At 11, they opened the doors. We were the 50th person in line at that point and ordered at around 1145. 

Guy serving the meat was great too, the whole staff were attentive, friendly and seemed to sincerely love their job and the food!

Food speaks for itself. Tender, flavorful, juicy, literally the best BBQ. I'm concerned anywhere else I go, I'll just be thinking of LMB. 

Worth the wait and super impressed with the staff and how organized and friendly they were!! Love it!"
Great BBQ get there early and will probably stand in line but great food and people... Worth it.
"This place is AMAZING. I've had BBQ across the entire south and this, I believe, is one of THE BEST. It's in the true Texan style. Get as much fatty brisket as possible because that stuff goes quick. Same with the beef ribs. I'd also recommend their pork ribs and pulled pork as well. Also, you MUST get the pecan pie. I was hesitant but man, one of the best pecan pies I've ever had the pleasure to taste. If you can, get the pie to go and grab some ice cream to throw on top. I'd go back here as often as I could. Just be aware, the wait in the Tempe location is real. It is well worth it."
I have never eaten at this joint but had the pleasure of meeting the crew during a visit to Chicago. Food is only as good as the folks who make it. Making this joint the bee's knees. Give it a taste and tell me how right I am.
"This place was top notch!! The line of people coming out the door was an indicator that we were in for a real treat!! We followed our noses from yelp suggestions to get here, and the people we chatted with in line also raved about the place! The barbecue all had amazing flavor (ribs were my fave!!), the cheesy grits were to die for, and the brisket was great too. While the ribs were fantastic, they were a little chewier on the outer part of the meat than I preferred. This place is as close to authentic Texas BBQ as it gets. We will be back many times over!! Oh and make sure to grab a smoked pecan pie on your way out, you will not regret it!"
Spectacular.  Better than most spots in Texas. Can't wait to return on my next trip to phx
Really good food. Super nice workers. Food runs out quick. The brisket and pecan pies are amazing.
"LOVED Little Miss BBQ! We waited for an hour and arrived about 10 minutes before opening. Worth it? WORTH IT. The owner/manager and other staff are all so friendly! They also have water containers outside for you to stay hydrated while waiting! So thoughtful!

The bbq beef ribs are a must try. 3 people can share one rib if you're planning to try the other meats! We had one bbq beef rib and a two-meat plate w/ bbq pork ribs and fatty brisket with sides of grits and potato salad. All was delicious and WAY too much for 3 girls. Sauces are yum and made by the restaurant! 

Overall, would probably come back to AZ just for Little Miss (okay, and Last Chance shopping duh) - but seriously: WORTH IT."
Fantastic smoked brisket and ribs and don't forget to get some jalapeno cheese grits!!
"Amazing BBQ! Hands down the best. Great people, and very friendly. Parking can be tricky, but the owners dad will help you park. The wait can be very long, but it is so worth it. I've waited over an hour to get this BBQ, and it's worth it every time."
"I read these reviews after I ate the ribs, brisket and ribs. WTH this is the greasiest saltiest BBQ I have ever eaten. The long lines is because these people in AZ have never been to TX. Lockhart has the best BBQ. I'm all in on BBQ. The best place in AZ is Rudy's and in TX it is sold at Shell Gas stations. For this place to be ranked the #4 in the country. Those people have never tasted Franklin's BBQ in ATX."
"Okay, now I know why they are 5/5 stars. It's so worth the wait!!! We came early just to make sure we get the brisket. 
Yes I will definitely do this all over again. Brisket is a must order. The food is soft and tender. Their staff are very friendly. Thank you for a great experience!"
Have you ever had great flavors of meat just slap you in the face well look no further! You looking to get your stomach massaged by some meat look no further!
"Little Miss BBQ is so deserving of 5 stars and absolutely well worth the wait.  I've had BBQ from many places that are known for their BBQ like Raleigh, Dallas, Austin, St. Louis, Nashville, Memphis, etc. I would've never thought I'd have THE BEST BBQ ever in Phoenix, AZ.

Little Miss BBQ is located in an industrial strip. Their private lot is limited, but there are designated neighboring lots where you can park. Be sure to ask the employees as they can advise you on which lots those are.  

The restaurant is clean and simple. There are a few tables inside, but there is more seating outside where there are communal style picnic benches. We were able to snag a table inside, and it had a Warhol Campbell soup type of picture of a dog named Yager. One of the employees told us that Yager was the owner's dog, and she was often referred to as ""Little Miss."" Hence Little Miss BBQ! Pretty cool. 

Little Miss BBQ is so organized because of their numbering system. An hour or two before the place opens, it is first come first serve to obtain a ticket in line. (One ticket per person.) 30 minutes before the restaurant opens, you take your place in line based on your ticket number. There are markings on the property that tell you where to line up from and also how long the wait is from that point. 

The reason why it takes a long time in line is because there's one employee masterfully carving and also weighing the different meats per order. What's cool is that he cut pieces of samples to pass down the line. 

Customer service was exceptional at Little Miss BBQ. Everyone was super nice and helpful. I appreciated how the employee cutting the meats showed us the ropes of cutting through a brisket to get the lean vs fat meats. 

I loved every single thing I ate...

- The beans were more savory than sweet. The side was so filling and contained generous helpings of their pulled pork. This was my favorite of the sides we got.  

- The potato salad was refreshing. It was great as a palate cleanser. 

- The jalapeño cheddar grits were pretty good. The jalapeño was prominent, and it was definitely cheesy. 

- I don't even like pulled pork, and yet I thought Little Miss BBQ's pulled pork was delicious. They do pulled pork right. It wasn't dry or stringy. The pork meat was juicy and fatty. 

- The beef rib was excellent. The meat was so tender that it fell off the bone and can easily be cut with a fork. 

- The fat brisket was to die for. The meat was tender and flavorful from its pepper rub. 

- Little Miss BBQ's sauces were legit. There was a house flavor, spicy, and tangy mustard. I liked all 3 sauces, but the tangy mustard was my favorite. I thought the tangy mustard was going to be like a Carolinas-style vinegar based sauce, but it was far from it. It had a nice sweetness to it. 

- The Pecan Pie was amazing! The texture of the filling was a bit different than I'm used to, but that's what made it unique."
"So my husband loves to try out different BBQ places. So for his bday weekend we decided to take a road trip from San Diego to Phoenix, AZ to try Little Miss BBQ. Well... I do have to say we were not disappointed. Food was very good and flavorful. I loved the Jalapeño cheddar grits. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We woke up super early to be the 1st ones in line"
"They open at 11am but we got there around 10:30am, the parking lot was already filling up and the line as well, (my advice is to bring someone with you if you're going to lunch so they can fall in line while you're parking your car. If you come around 10:50ish, you're probably going to be stuck in the middle turning lane to go inside the parking lot and  stay where you're at in the middle lane until your it is your turn). Parking can be a pain in the butt. Anyways, I love their fatty brisket here, it was very tender, juicy and flavorful! I've also tried their pulled pork bbq and their sausage, both were delicious. The sausage was a lil spicy for me. The jalapeno grits & the potato salad were good too! Their pecan pie was to die for! I love Little Miss BBQ! I can't wait to be back! BEST BBQ in PHX!"
"You will probably wait in line. You will probably be greeted by the owner and other staff giving frequent updates on the stock they have left...You'll certainly be impressed with the professionalism and humor of the staff doling out the meat, the product itself, the rich sides contrasting the vibrant sauces. 

Went here twice on vacation, once at the start and before heading home. 

Relatively close to Phoenix airport and worth a gander but get there early for options."
"After reading so many great reviews, I have to say my experience was very underwhelming. In fairness, I arrived about 12:30, which is evidently far too late. After 90 minutes in line, they were already out of beef ribs, pork ribs and fatty brisket, literally everything I was interested in eating. I paid $20 for a two-meat plate with 4 slices of lean brisket, a handful of pulled pork, potato salad and beans, and a bottle of Coke.
I found the lean brisket disappointing. Not much smoke flavor and very dense. Definately not fork tender. The pulled pork and beans were very tasty, good flavors. The potato salad was horrible, no taste at all.
I get that this restaurant has limited quantities, but considering their popularity, they should have figured out by now how to keep from running out of most of their menu items two hours before closing. By the time I was half finished with my meal, they were out of everything but chopped brisket, sausage and turkey.
Were I to decide to come back, I'd probably be in line by 10:00. The beef and pork ribs that others got to enjoy looked very good, I'd try them. I would most definitely skip the potato salad.
The staff were excellent, very friendly.
Honestly, considering all the BBQ options available in the area, I don't find the food good enough to warrant the time investment it takes to eat here."
"OK, now, me n my buddies make some good ribs, chicken, etc and dont really like going to Rudy's, Famous Daves , etc since its Ehh ok.. Pork on a fork, ehh,, ok, no work n no cleanup i guess... But me n my coworker hit Lil Miss Tuesday, got there 30 min before they opened, n took about 30 more minutes after opening to get our order in. My initial thoughts, get ribs, pulled pork and brisket.. samples were being handed out before we got to the ordering, i reduced my order n only got a 1/2 b of ribs n pulled pork n got a full pound of brisket... mixed half fatty, etc,, omg !!! dude this place HANDS down best in AZ so far.. Some other patrons said its a spitting replica of Franklins,, whatever that is. lol.. but yes ,, worth the wait. 

Brisket, oh so delicious, juicy, awesome smoke flavor, no dry areas, and none of it was slimy even the fatty area.. WOW, thats how its done right there... 

Ribs,, pretty darn good, n better than most places, Angry crab has decent ribs also, both better than famous daves.. pulled pork,, ? ehh, My wife makes some bomb pulled pork with an asian twist,, 

Next trip 2 lbs Brisket.. 

Beware of parking if you dont get there early, Bring a copilot to get in line n wait while you wait to park.. ."
"Real deal BBQ with no equal in the Valley. By now I have tried every meat and side combination possible. If you have to prioritize a two meat platter, here's what you get: 

1. Fatty brisket. Embrace the flavor. Embrace the fat. Ask for a sample while waiting in line and let it melt in your mouth.
2. Pulled pork. While the fatty brisket is best without sauce, the smoky pork is the perfect conduit for their spicy BBQ on the table. Plus it's perfect for making little sammiches with the complimentary white bread, onions, and pickles. Get it on the rib if you prefer to gnaw on the bone. 
3. Jalapeno cheddar grits. How grits should be done! Creamy with the perfect texture and just enough heat and cheese to keep it interesting. 
4. Those beans. Swimming in sauce flavored with the cast offs from the brisket scrap basket. Peppery perfection. 

Wild cards: Pecan pie, pastrami (Thursday, runs out quick), and big ole beef ribs (Friday and Saturday, not available on two meat platter).

Been, done that, no reason to stand in line for 30 mins to get it again: Smoked turkey (boring), lean brisket (no comparison to fatty brisket), homemade sausage (good, not great), potato salad (nothing special), cole slaw (totally forgettable).

GET IT."
"I brought my boyfriend here for a birthday date, he's been dying to try this place for awhile. I don't know why other reviewers are salty about the wait, it's SO WORTH IT! First of all, while we were standing in line the staff was making sure we had water and samples, as well as chairs to sit in while we waited. The anticipation is part of the experience! It feels like going to a friends house for a bbq. We had the fatty brisket, pork ribs and sausage, all were phenomenal! Thank you Little Miss BBQ, will be returning and spreading the word"
Why is there only 1 person preparing the meat order?  Are you SERIOUS.  A 2hr wait only because there is 1 person doing the meat order.  I don't mine waiting in line for good food but when it is done moronically like here everyday.  Forget it. You don't care about your customers since you rather have them stand in line and wait. No thanks.
"An extra large Yabba Dabba Doo Beef Short Rib, Melt in your mouth FATTY brisket and lean brisket! Pork Spareribs, pulled pork and house made sausage! We met some great folks in line, but the wait was well worth it! Little Miss did not disappoint. Thank you Michael and Staff for an extraordinary smoked bbq experience! Going to dig into the smoked pecan pie soon!"
"BEST BBQ EVER! Or at least in the phx area. Absolutely love this place. If you get a chance to get in line early, you are almost guaranteed what your hoping to order. If you have time, GO HERE FOR SURE! One place you will not regret!!"
"Juste ... WOW

Le cadre peut paraître mais ne vous fiez pas à l'extérieur, il s'agit là d'un des meilleurs BBQ joint d'Arizona (voir des Etats-Unis).

Je ne peux que vous conseiller les ribs ainsi que le brisket qui sont tout bonnement magiques.

En dessert, n'hésitez pas à commander leur smoked pecan pie qui est divine !

Attention cependant veillez à venir assez tot afin de ne pas faire trop de file sous le soleil de Phoenix. SI vous êtes dans la file, ne vous inquiétez pas, ils ont pensé à tout : des bouteilles d'eau sont proposées gratuitement et vous pourrez profiter des brumisateurs installés par les gérants afin que leur clientèle ne finisse pas carboniser ! 

Si vous passez dans le coin ... prenez votre temps et allez-y"
"I got there and parked at 10:15 am today (Thursday). I was about the 40th person in line. I got my food at 12:10 pm. I got lean brisket,  fatty brisket (really good... I wish I got more of this than lean), pork ribs, pulled pork, cheddar grits (tastes like yummy mash potatoes, and potato salad. Not a single item wasn't good. I just personally would not go back because of the wait. You can preorder online but you must order 5lbs minimum and at least 7 days in advance.

P.S Service was excellent!!"
"This is full of taste and eatable. Have a visit and enjoy. I guess you would never had this before, because this has a delicious taste with your favorite flavors and like you will be sucking your fingers because of great taste of food."
"I've never had BBQ that was so good, like night and day from anything else around.
Their Brisket is the obvious choice but everything else is almost just as amazing.

If you haven't had it, stay away. Shorter lines and more for me, and you'll just pick up another expense.
Trust me stay away!!! ;)"
"Best BBQ ever! Best experience ever! Mike and team give an unforgettable experience.  Everything on the menu is amazing. Beef ribs and fatty brisket are definitely a must, the turkey is definitely a dark horse. If you know what a good pecan pie is; don't miss this one, definitely top 3 on my pecan pie list, don't want to piss off any moms in my family;) Shout out to Big Ed, super friendly and awesome recommendations for eats! Be sure you get there early if you want to indulge. Be sure to back in when you park, makes for an easy exit!"
Such good people. The bbq was fresh and so authentic. Get here early because there was a long line right when they opened.
"It gets very busy so be ready for a wait, but other than that I can definitely say it is worth the wait, just don't go there too hungry!"
"Wow best hole in the wall bbq joint this side of Texas IMHO turkey was the best I have had, brisket as good as Texas and the sides addictive! It gets a solid 5 for exceeding expectations."
"The masses are right about this place. Get there early tho. The fatty brisket, grits and pecan pie are all well worth it. Just go. You'll see!"
"Excellent Texas style barbecue. What you would expect if you are again at Austin or Dallas. They can only make so much, so watch out they do run out especially of the fatty brisket. Pulled pork is awesome as is the lean brisket. Get a Turkey sandwich on one of their soft buns make sure they wipe up the cutting board with the buns. Just awesome!"
My gawdddddd! This place is legit! It's worth the wait! The sliced brisket (fatty) the beans and potato salad were amazing! Can't leave without the pecan pie. Can't wait to go back! Great BBQ!
"Always delicious BBQ.  The line/wait has improved her since they opened their other location.  The fatty brisket is always the way to go!  My son loves it, as it was one of his favorite foods at 9 months old!  The pastrami is delicious.  I just wish I could get it on a sandwich.  We joke about taking our own rye bread and mustard.  They have the best smoked pecan pies there!  They are always a great treat!"
"I invited a coworker from Texas to lunch .. he said Bbq and I finally got the chance to try this place. 

The long wait even during the week is crazy long .. i arrived at 11:30.. parked at 11:50.. got to the front of the line at 1:05! The line is shaded, there are misters, samples and ice water are provided while you wait.

I had the two meat plate with two sides.. the fatty brisket and the sausage made in house are both amazing.. I had the potato salad and smoked beans as my sides .. with jalapeños, pickles, onions and bread!! Wow that's a lot of food .. it was all lick your fingers good! 

The fatty brisket is so tender and smoked perfectly! They also have ribs, smoked turkey, chopped brisket, pulled pork and sausage.. everything smelled amazing 

After waiting in that line I ended up with enough to go plates (brisket, sausage, beans, potato salad, cheesy jalapeño grits, white bread, pie) to last the whole weekend !! 

Small indoor dining area and covered patio seating..  
Michael in the parking lot kept the line of cars moving.. he even offered me water while I waited in my car .. great service! I smelled like smoked bbq when I drove off happy and fat!! I would definitely be back and recommend this place to others"
"Best BBQ ever!!!! I've been to this location but the best location to go to for quick service and better seating is the location on 7th ave north of northern. I can't tell you one thing there that is just ok. Everything I have had is absolute the best. Turkey, the best I've ever had. Brisket, best I've ever had, potato salad, pecan pie, sausage, best I've ever had. Even the cherry coke tasted amazing! I don't know what it is or how they do it but I'm totally willing to pay the prices and wait in line for this place. Also, they always are smiling and ready to chat you up. One time I wasn't having the greatest day and they ran out of the meat I wanted. Their service turned my day into a better one. They know how to do hospitality and I am forever a fan!!"
"I'm at a lost for word with Little Miss BBQ...because EVERYTHING was simply amazing! I thought a Saturday morning attempt at Lil Miss BBQ would entail long lines in the scorching heat, but I really lucked out with my visit. First, the family owned business now has a ticketing system which one will receive when they arrive. I still arrived 1hr prior to opening but found that most people started rolling in around 10:30am. It's really up to you if you want to risk the long and dreaded wait. Most yelpers were accurate in that people do tend to buy in bulk so items will be sold out later in the day. 

I tried the fatty brisket ($22/lb) , pork ribs and smoked pecan pie ($5). I opted to get only meats instead of the combo plates since I preferred more meat than sides of colesaw and grits etc. The fatty brisket was truly amazing and delicious. The pork ribs was also a treat to eat, but I can't get over how fatty and delicious the brisket was. The smoked pecan pie was really delicious as well. The pie was not overall sweet and had a nice balance of pecan crunch! As a tourist in Phoenix, I would highly recommend trying Lil Miss BBQ once! There is a great picnic shaded area outside and some indoor seating as well. I would say it's recognition and fame puts this place at a slightly higher price point, but I think the kindness of the staff and excellent meats are worth it."
"Ad been trying to stop in here for at least 10 months but due to their ridiculous lines, was never able to get there without a 2 hr. Wait . Finally , because of an overnight job in the area and the timing working out perfect, was able to manage to get in line before they opened . As luck had it, I had a company card and was buying for 3 other guys on my crew. I am kinda a BBQ guy , i mean i have made sure to enjoy BBQ through out this great Nation throughout the years North Carolina, KC , Tennessee and especially Texas. My honest opinion of what little miss BBQ has going on was disappointment, from the food / mediocre, the wait / ridiculous , the service/ are you kidding me! I won't be headed back there and more than that my crew wasn't impressed either."
Still great food hands down.  Earned one star because of their failure to address they amount of people that come to eat.  Sitting in the parking lot watching the line of people that has not moved in 10 minutes.    Really need to address the busyness of this place
"I mean, when this has 5 stars and 200+ reviews...gotta be dang good right?? And yep, it didn't disappoint. Very friendly staff too, and that's always a super bonus.

Everything didn't have a lot of taste, but it's not supposed to be lathered with sauce like some places. And I say this is a positive. The pulled pork was soft. Fatty brisket was perfectly fatty, soft, and juicy. The sausage was fat and, well, let's leave it at that about that sausage. Lean brisket not so much to my liking, but for lean it's as good as it gets. The meat on the ribs fell off the bone. 

The few sauces they have are really good too. Not too tangy or sour like some other places. If you want the fatty brisket, or almost anything really, go before 2pm or latest 3pm probably..."
"Muy exquisita la comida de Carlos, la atención al usuario fue muy amable, me gustaría volver al sitio es muy agradable"
"Five star BBQ, best I've had outside of Texas and Franklin BBQ in Austin.

Must order items are the short rib and pecan pie, with a solid recommend to the pulled pork.

The short rib is a bit expensive, at around $20 per pound, but it was worth it. Amazing bark on the outside, well seasoned but not salty or leathery. Ask for an end cut. Tender, juicy meat underneath. Be mindful that the short rib cut has some connective tissue near the bone. Personally, I loved those bites.

The pulled pork was also quite good. Just not mind blowing like the short rib. Moist and tender, not overly greasy. I also liked how the pork was left in bigger chunks. Not entirely chopped and shredded. Very roughly pulled apart.

Flaky pecan pie crust with a balanced filling. Sweet but not cloying.

The sausage was only ok.  A bit too processed of a filling, like a hot dog.  I prefer a rougher chop of beef.

The chopped brisket was a bit dry. The slices had run out around 1 pm on a Saturday.

The coleslaw and potato salad were a bit watery. Proper Texas sides of white bread, onion, and pickle, though the jalapeños are a nice touch. I also enjoyed the mustard sauce, though it's heretical to Texas BBQ.

I wanted to go back the next day. What an awesome spot."
"Expect an hour wait but this as legit as BBQ gets. Had the fatty brisket, pork ribs, and jalapeño grits. Don't bother with sauce, it's awesome as is. I saved some of each for my wife who ate it warmed up and still loved it. Its a little expensive but just go for it if you like BBQ."
"Not much else I can say here...reviews say it all...best BBQ I've ever had. 

PSA: Arrived at 11am on a Wednesday and waited just over an hour to get our food. Luckily we got the last of the fatty brisket. Score!"
"Someone else ordered it for me. They got me the brisket chopped, a sausage, some beans, and potato salad. I don't like potato salad and wish she had ordered me the grits instead but I won't hold that against Little Miss BBQ. What can I say? This is probably one of the best BBQ joints in Arizona. The brisket is the best I have ever had in this state!"
"I ordered brisket, pork ribs, and sausages. The meat was tender but a little bit salty, you will love to eat with bread or some other sides. I love sausages that were delicious. Friendly staffs, great customer service!"
"BEST. BBQ. EVER. 

Is it worth driving 1000s of miles? Is it worth waking up extra early just to stand in line? YES. YES. YES.

I'm not even a huge fan of bbq, but after trying their smoked bbq....I was in love. 

I arrived an hour before they opened and there was already a long line ahead of me. Once they opened the doors at 11AM, I only had to wait about 25-30 minutes before I could order. If you want to make sure you get a taste of their delicious, mouthwatering, knee-shaking meat, then I suggest you arrive 1.5 hours ahead of time. Their main selection of meat was almost out by the time I ordered. Their pecan pie is also rich, creamy, and tasty. You'll be asking for more on your first bite. 

The service is phenomenal. The staff members are welcoming and cheerful. They even gave us a few samples too!"
"Arrived at 10:50am on a Wed. to claim the last parking spot in a lot with ~two dozen spaces.  Waited in a line behind 50 of so others for the next 90 minutes.  They provide two water coolers with plastic cups for hydration along with a few seats under the canopy to help endure the wait.  I got the two meat plate of brisket & sausage with two sides of potato salad & baked beans (with complimentary pickles, onions, jalapeños, and two slices of white bread) & my wife got an order of brisket and cole slaw.  We drink water.  After the gratuity, it came to $20.  We both agreed it was delicious and worth return"
"Fantastic BBQ, sold out of fatty brisket but the lean brisket and ribs were the best I've had. The coleslaw is more mild."
"Why 5 stars? Because the journey was worth it.

   ---   ---   ---

After seeing Little Miss BBQ pop up as the #2 ranked restaurant in the country on Yelp in 2018, I immediately bookmarked it and knew that I would absolutely be visiting on an upcoming trip to the Phoenix area. I landed at the airport, got my rental car and drove straight there... only to see that the line was so long that it just wasn't conceivable that I'd be able to wait. I had tickets to a spring training game and would have basically missed the whole game, which wasn't an option.

14 months later, I have another trip to Phoenix. I book an even earlier flight and clear my schedule for the entire day. Myself and a colleague arrive at 9:40a and are the first two people in line. Great success!

Because the aforementioned colleague and I perfectly align when it comes to these things, we basically picked out our favorite 4 meats and sides and shared everything. It's truly the only way to do Little Miss BBQ.

---MEATS---

Brisket: 5-stars. We were given a sample when we walked up to the counter to order and it was absolute perfection. While it was a tad better fresh out of the foil than it was 20 minutes into our meal, this brisket was about as good as it gets. It would be hard to find someone who says otherwise.

Sausage: 4-stars. There was a certain kind of flavor with this sausage that I couldn't quite put my finger on. I enjoyed it very much and it was so juicy that it almost tasted like when I bit into it that a little water would come out, as weird as that sounds. If you like sausage, don't miss ordering this.

Pulled Pork: 5-stars. I feel like pulled pork has the least amount of variance of any BBQ meat, but they certainly didn't mess this up. If I had to come back for only two meats, this would be one of them, along with the brisket.

Pork Rib: 5-stars. I really can't complain about these ribs in any way. When you imagine having some delicious ribs, Little Miss BBQ pretty much serves you what you day dream about.

---SIDES---

Ranchero Beans: 3-stars. I think the issue might be more that I just don't love this kind of bean. They were fine, but I wouldn't order again.

Potato Salad: 5-stars. The star of the show with the sides, IMO. It was a bit unique from what I'm used to with potato salad, in that the potatoes were diced into small cubes. I don't think I've seen that before. But more importantly, the flavor was the ideal pairing for all the BBQ we had on our plates.

Coleslaw: 3-stars. Pretty standard coleslaw - not bad, but not anything special.

Jalapeno Grits: 5-stars. Another great pairing to go along with all of the meat. If you're worried about this being spicy, throw those thoughts aside. I hate spicy foods and I didn't notice even a small kick.

---SAUCE---

Each table came with a bottle of standard, spicy and mustard sauce. I enjoyed all three of them. Just like with the grits, I didn't notice any kind of kick, so don't be shy to try it, even if you're not a fan of spicy things. I enjoyed all three sauces very much, but stuck mostly with the standard. 5-stars.

---CUSTOMER SERVICE---

An easy 5-stars. Every person we encountered wasn't just friendly, but ridiculously nice. I felt like I was at someone's house, rather than at a restaurant. And that's pretty impressive for a place to uphold that level of service when they have a line wrapped around the building every day.

It's no wonder that Little Miss BBQ has 2,000+ reviews and a 5-star rating. It's virtually impossible to keep that up, but I get how these guys have done it - they are awesome all-around!"
Best darn BBQ. From L.A. and look forward to this every year when going for Spring Training.
"My review of this BBQ restaurant is not based on the taste of the food but rather on how they handle the food. 

I arrived around 12pm and like everyone else waited for about 45 minutes to get inside and place an order. 
While mixing of beef, pork, turkey etc is ok with most, I do not eat pork so seeing them use the same cutting board and knife and the same gloves to handle pork was enough for me to leave without eating. Even if I did eat pork I would certainly not want my beef to taste like pork or beef to taste like pork, or turkey to taste like either. 
It was unfortunate as I had heard quite a bit about their smoked brisket. 
Perhaps for the sake of including Jewish, Muslim, and those who do not eat pork customers , they should consider using separate cutting board and knives."
"So the main issue I have is with the parking attendant, we had an order to go that was placed early so we went for our appointment to pick up the food. When I got there I parked the the far right corner and I had to take 2 spots because the way they have the parking curb stop was pointing at a 60% to the drive way. The attendant force me to repark and move in all the way and now my front bumper was damaged and he could care less.

Poor service poor attitude."
"I have to agree with everyone on the wait time... IT IS SO WORTH THE WAIT. I've had BBQ all over Texas... I am no Texan, but I can say that Little Miss BBQ beats ANY BBQ place I've been in TX. The brisket is hands down the best I've ever had. This place puts anywhere else in PHX to shame - I have no need to go elsewhere for BBQ again.

I'm a huge fan of going before they open. You'll still have a long wait time, but you'll get your pick of the lot before they run out.

The staff is great: friendly in their own way. Super knowledgeable, and fast movers and shakers."
I've been living in the Phoenix area for over 3 years and this is still my #1 place. Whenever I have visitors in town this is the where I take them and so far everyone has been impressed. Sure the line and wait times are long but it's without question worth it. Get the fatty brisket...it's phenomenal.
"Good eats! Yes you are going to wait in line for a while.  I got my ticket and got in line at 10:30  and got my food at 1:00 pm.  As you wait they have free water, free samples and a clean restroom. Mike does a good job working the lines . Standing in line for 2 hours you get to know people on a first name basis. 

The Food 

I got a beef short rib. I would describe It as the opening of The Flintstones. I did not think I was going to get one but I'm glad I did. It was juicy and tender..

Sausage was good. boy enjoyed them they also gave them as sample as you waited in line. 

Pork Ribs tender fall off the bone.

Brisket there are two type Fatty or lean I went for the fatty brisket all I could say is WOW!  After the first bite I forgot about the 2 hour I spent in line. 

DON'T FORGET ABOUT THE PECAN PIE"
"Jesus. 

Let me tell you. While you're waiting in line they gonna hook you up with some samples. I got a lil piece of that brisket and was hooked. I get up to order and dude slicing the meat drops the brisket on the table and it bounced back. I was speechless. I got the brisket sandwich with a half pound of chopped brisket and some potato salad. Topped it all with the house spicy bbq sauce. Real deal plates going on up in there, so don't try to come in with some suspect appetite. You're welcome."
The bbq sauces are good. My husband got the rib and it wasn't good. I got tritip and it was really good. The sides were good too
Everything from the service to the food is absolutely outstanding. If you don't get there early you run the risk of running out of the brisket. But after an hour 1/2 wait it was all work it!!!
"Hands down one of the best if not THE BEST, places in the country for BBQ!  I will say that I am not the biggest fan of all of their side items, but the jalapeño cheese grits are a different kind of epic experience.  Definitely recommended if you ever visit or live in Phoenix!"
Finally got a chance to try. It is all that's Advertised.  Had the Brisket (best I've ever had in AZ) and some melt in your mouth Ribs. Food was great and just what you would expect.  Believe me when I say. It is worthwhile. Must try for the occasional and veteran BBQ Lover.
Awesome Brisket and amazing grits!
"I previously wrote a review for Rudy's BBQ as being the best meat I had tasted. Then I found Little Miss BBQ. Wow! Step aside Rudy's you have been replaced on my list as the best BBQ in Arizona.  Friendly, small, nothing special about the location, but the meat is second to none. This place may be a bit expensive for weekly dining, but if you are looking for your taste buds to be overwhelmed with flavor, this is the place. I recommend asking for a sample plate to try everything the first time you go."
"Update to five stars! .. I won't even fudge the truth and will openly admit that I've spent quite a few hours in line (on different occasions) to get delicious food at Little Miss BBQ. The wait is always super long, even in the summer time, so if you're not a fan of waiting then I recommend gathering a bunch of friends together and putting in a to-go order!

I actually don't eat red meat at other places but when I go to Little Miss BBQ I save lots of space for lean brisket and cheesy jalapeño grits ... Sometimes the beans as well. The food speaks for itself & there really are no words to describe the deliciousness that is present on every plate. It's totally worth the wait! I actually really like getting one of the sandwiches best but since the wait is a long while, I get the 2 meat plate and save the leftovers for the next day.

Staff is always friendly & it's a treat to get a teaser bite of brisket before ordering. Of course I'll be back!"
Finally made it out here to check out the hype. Holy cow was the food fantastic! I arrived around 10:25 am and was met by an employee who gave me a ticket to save my spot in line. While waiting for the shop to open at 11 the staff came around and gave out some of their smoked sausage samples. At 11am the line was formed and we waited for about 45 mins until we made to ask for our order. While waiting in line staff came down and asked if anyone needed water and gave out samples of their fatty brisket and smoked turkey. The staff's level of customer service was phenomenal and based on the samples the food was amazing. While waiting in line they offered customer's the chance to come back and watch them wrap briskets and then reload them in the smoker's. They answered just about any question posed to them except their trade secrets. When it was my turn to order I got the fatty brisket and pork ribs along with ranch beans and jalepeno grits. The person I was with also got fatty brisket and smoked turkey along with potato salad and coleslaw. All of the food was amazing and the brisket was the best I have ever eaten. The ribs were juicy and the ranch beans were amazing. Everything appeared to be made from scratch and I cannot day enough of how great the food was. If you like bbq you definitely need to check out little miss bbq!
"This is among the best Barbeque I have ever tried in my life, and I'm very old!  I like Texas and Kansas City Barbq and have lived in Minneapolis and Chicago most of my life while traveling extensively. Until now Honey Bears was the best I had found in Phoenix and while good it was not world class. I could name better Barbq in a dozen cities. 

Little Miss is world class Barbq. I am thrilled to have finally waded through the lines and crazies so I could sample this. I believe I have tried twice and never got close to the entrance. This time my timing was perfect. I got there late and no one was there at all and they still had lots of food available. Yay!  

Just lucky timing I guess. 

This is not hype. This is among the best Barbq in the US."
"Were they the best pork ribs I've ever had?
Yes.
Were they the best jalapeño cheddar grits I've had?
Yes.
Was it the best brisket I've ever had?
Not quite, but up there.
Was it all worth the ~90 min wait?
Definitely.
What would I do differently next time?
Get there at 10:15am, go when it's cooler outside, order the smoked pecan pie, try the Jefe sandwich or the beef ribs."
"Holy moly bbq! I see why this place has 5 stars and over 2k reviews! First, they have a great business model...they serve Tuesday-Saturday 11am-4pm or until sold out! People were buying meat by the pounds! I had chopped brisket and sausage with coleslaw and jalapeño cheese grits. Delicious! I had to save some for later. Perfectly tender and their bbq sauces are soooo yummy! I observed they sold out of pork and turkey by 1:30pm. Just a heads up. When in Phoenix you have to try this spot but go early and be prepared to possibly wait in a line that moves quickly."
"Not even gonna tell you how awesome this place is, check out their IG and see for yourself! All I am going to tell you is what absolutely needs to be consumed when you come here: 
1) fatty brisket - If you come to Little miss BBQ and you don't get any of this, it's MISSION FAILED buddy. This is show stopping meat right here, they even let you try it before you buy it. That's how proud they are of it.
2) house made sausage - this is honestly the one thing that will throw me into rage mode if it doesn't go on my plate. The smoked sausage here is made from scratch and infused with jalapeños. It will make your heart melt.
3) PECAN PIE - as seen on TV, and the actual reason for why this place became famous. Not even kidding.

If you want a good parking spot and don't want to wait in line for an hour, you better show up before they open!"
Best BBQ in the country hands down. Beats franklins and Salt lick. The team really puts TLC in the food and there specials are amazing.  The brisket is out of this world tender and juicy. The beef rib when on special is highly recommended.
"It is honestly really hard for me to write this review because I really want to keep this place to myself and the others that know about this little gem on University drive.  I have been to Little Miss BBQ several times and I can say I have never been disappointed.  Your position in the long line matters a great deal because they honestly can sell out in the first 20 people depending what they order.  They have also measured quite accurately the amount of wait time you have based on your position in line.

All the staff and owners are very friendly and helpful at making sure you know what they are running out of so you can adjust your order if you are near the rear of the line.  I have had every single piece of meat, sides, and dessert that they offer and none of it will disappoint.  Overall, I feel this is the best BBQ hands down; it is the best I have had in AZ and even better then the places I have ate at in TX.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for great BBQ in AZ, but be prepared to wait.  Trust me though it is definitely worth the wait."
"The best BBQ in town, hands down.  A few colleagues had it catered in or someone picked it up.  Worth the wait for sure."
"In 2015 when we first delivered our son to school here, one of the parents told me about a fantastic Bar-B-Que place right up University where the meat was delicious and the lines long and that they served until they ran out.  Because I wasn't familiar with the area, it seemed far so we didn't look for it.

Fast forward 4 years and I'm visiting the area and my son tells me of this great place for ribs he found.  When we got there it hit me that this was the place someone mentioned to me years ago.

Unfortunately it was Sunday and they were closed.

The next time I was in the area (a couple weeks later) we went on the Saturday before Superbowl Sunday.  I remember because they had ALL of the smokers fired up and it was a sight to see.  We arrived a little late and the line was long and by the time we got to the register my son got the last pull sandwich and I ended up with sausage.  We shared and BOTH were delicious with that great smokey taste coming thru in a way that only happens when the meat is cooked slow over the right kind of wood.

My last visit we got there early and my husband and son both with me.  We ordered Pulled Pork, Chopped Brisket, and the House Made Sausage.  They stick with the basics because they do them so well.  The meat was phenomenal and the House sauce was delicious.

I would say arrive early but still be prepared to stand in line.  If you arrive late and the line is long, it's possible to stand there for a while and then have them run out just as you get to the door, which is what happened to us the 1st time we ate there.  They do come out to say what has run out so you do have the opportunity to leave if that's the case.

It was so busy the last time I was there that one of the workers (owner maybe) had to direct traffic in and out of the parking lot.

There is seating in side but we opted to eat in the car.  It was a rental so..."
"Without exaggeration this is the most killer brisket I have ever eaten. You can tell the people that work here truly care about their food. I can't decide if the fact that this place is walking distance from my work is a good thing or not. One thing is for sure, I will be back."
"Bestttt fatty brisket of my life and the staff is efficient and friendly. There is a small (but packed) parking lot. We arrived around 9ish and collected a ticket for our group and then left to go run some errands. We came back, but not too close to opening time so we wouldn't upset anyone, and just waited about until they opened at 11. The line was long and circled around the building at that time. However, the food was delicious and I will definitely be back! We also ordered the pork ribs, pulled pork, and all of the sides. But the FATTY BRISKET takes the cake. Can't wait to return. Looking forward to it."
Must stop when coming into Phoenix. BBQ is perfect and the hospitality is over the top.
Great food awesome service long line worth the wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh yea the smoked pecan pie is off the hook must try even if you are stuffed.
"Love the pecan pie. Love the fatty brisket. Love the ribs. Love the green chili burritos with cheese. Love the cheddar and jalapeño grits. So I love it? Yeah. :)

I did try the smoked lamb neck too. It's newer. It was pretty salty, but flavorful for sure. If you get it, know it's very rich. I eat a ton, but could only have a few bites of this before I felt sleepy."
"Little Miss BBQ is someplace we were always going to stop at but never seemed to manage. We had actually planned on someplace else for lunch, but they were unexpectedly closed. When we passed by Little Miss shortly before noon there was no line out the door so we figured this was our opportunity.  Little Miss BBQ is in an open, very industrial feeling building. There really isn't any décor--just the menu signs. The place is very clean (as are the restrooms) and staff is quick to clean a table or bring water. There is a lovely covered patio, but not so good on a 110o day. Sometimes plain and simple is the best. I ordered the sliced brisket sandwich with a side of coleslaw. Hubby got the pulled pork. Meat is weighed so plates are consistent. I have to say that the melt in your mouth brisket was plentiful, moist,  and had just the right amount of fat on it. There were several bottles of sauce on each table. My vote goes to the house sauce. I did try the spicy one (overpowers the meat) and the mustard (ok, but maybe, better on pork). The coleslaw was classic--cold and crunchy. There are times when it is fun to try something new and unusual (i.e., artichoke hearts in chowder or hot sauce in chicken salad) but there is a reason why some things are classic and should not be messed with. I am so glad that Little Miss BBQ is run by purists. We have been put off by the endless lines we always see, but the 30 min.wait today was worthwhile. This is absolutely the best!"
"So we heard this place is the best BBQ in town and we decided to try it out. It opens at 11am and it was pretty hot and sunny day. We came around 10:30am before they open and we were shocked that the line was already long. The parking lot was a bit tight so we had to find parking then we waited in line. It was a hot day, but they're very thoughtful of putting the drinking water outside for everybody and they also have misters outside for us while waiting, it helps a lot especially around summer time. They have inside seatings as well, but it's pretty tight. 

It was an hour and a half wait. When we got the food, it was already 12pm. We got the smoked brisket, the pork ribs, sausages, and the pecan pie. Everything was delicious except the pecan pie, surprisingly; because pecan pie is one of my favorite dessert, but I don't like the pecan pie here very much because it was hard on top but jelly in the inside, it's like when you leave the pie out all night and it just become hard and I feel the taste was a bit off. The brisket and the pork ribs are full of flavors and very tender! Also they have the tangy mustard, spicy, and house sauce on the table. The services was great! They're very friendly even though they're very busy, but still smile and greet customers and they work very fast to get orders. 

I've got to admit that the bbq was good, although I wish the place is a bit bigger so that customers have plenty of room to park and more room inside to sit and enjoy the food. I definitely would come back again, but I would come back during cooler weather. :)"
"I got here just in time before they ran out of sliced brisket!!! Omg sooo tasty!!! If you can slice this brisket sandwich with a plastic knife, it's that tender!!! Yumm!! I'm glad I decided to make a pit stop here!!!"
"I can't eat anywhere else without comparing it to this superior bbq restaurant. I'm not the biggest fan of the sides but the service, the experience, and the meat is better than anything/anywhere else."
"Once you have a taste of their fatty brisket you'll never want to have it anywhere else.  It's clear they put a lot of love and attention into their food and it makes the wait so worth it.  I've found a new favorite place in Phoenix and I'm definitely planning on coming back every time I visit!

The food is simply incredible.  We ordered the fatty brisket, pork ribs, and pulled pork and devoured everything, although next time we're just going to focus on the ribs and brisket because those blew it out of the park.  We also got the cheesy grits and potato salad with the meal and I liked the grits, although I don't think the sides are that necessary because the meat is the star of the show.  The pecan pie was a great addition to the meal and just large enough to share between two pretty stuffed people.  Quite sweet with the amount of gooey filling beneath  the pecans, but complemented by a crispy, flaky crust.  Overall, you really can't go wrong with any of the food.

The wait is long, but worth it.  We arrived around 9am on a Saturday morning and were within the first ten parties in line.  We received tickets in order of our position and waited around for the next two hours.  The manager explained their policy that once you have a ticket, you have to stay on the premises to be fair to others, but unfortunately they aren't able to enforce it strictly.  The provide cold water and there's plenty of shaded seating, so it's not a bad wait.  Even though we were early in line, a few parties brought in a large group of people right before opening (hence the rule of staying on site) and people had big orders, so we waited 30-40 min after opening to get our food.  They hand out samples of sausage and brisket ends once the line queues up, which was a great motivator to stay in line.  For seating, there are a few tables inside and plenty of picnic tables outside under cover, so enough space for large parties if you're eating there.  Unless you get there early, I'd recommend finding parking elsewhere as the lot is small and fills up quickly. 

Overall, a fantastic place run by people who love what they're doing.  The only make enough with the intention of running out in the day so that everything is fresh the day it's served.  I'd highly recommend arriving early because waiting before the place is open is a lot better than waiting while watching people enjoy their food."
"Trust me it's worth the wait! We arrived about 10 minutes before they even opened and there was a line of at least 20 people. The parking lot was slam packed before they were even open for 15 minutes. It took us about 45 minutes to get food. People were ordering whole briskets to go. 
Between three of us, we ordered one of every item on the menu. Everything was amazing! I personally was a big fan of the grits and brisket with a slice of white bread.  The sausage was perfect!! Coming from Atlanta, we've had great BBQ- this is the best BBQ we've found in Arizona. I'm a fan of Joes too, but this is a different experience. I wish they had a dessert! :)"
"This place is off the chain! These guys know how to do BBQ. Best BBQ i have had! Love the owners passion for BBQ. My brother from NY said i dont know BBQ and he finally came and tried it and said it is the real deal! 
Scott and Quinn you guys are great! Keep doing what you are doing!"
"There is nothing on the menu that isn't great.  All very good but there are a few top hitters like fatty brisket, sliced brisket, ranch beans and the pecan pie.  Don't just buy one or you will be going back to get another one.  All the people are super friendly and helpful.  Been there five times in the last 45 days and I live an one hour away."
"Brisket was good, sausage was also good. BBQ sauce was satisfying. Good portions. Would come again if I wanted to stand in line for 30 min. The chairs are a nice touch though. As it stands, i have easy access to Texas hill country bbq. Very solid bbq place. Not in my top 5 in the US. Top 10... maybe. But at that point they all start to blend in."
"Excellent brisket -as good as it gets. Ribs were good but not nearly as good as the brisket, which makes the typical 45 minute plus wait in line worth it. Service friendly and we even got a sample when we reached the counter inside. 
The very opposite of fast food. Cooked slow, and yo will wait in line but once you have it the line will make sense. So far my favorite barbecue by a country mile. 
And I used to live in Texas, where they do have some decent barbecue. 
Planning on trying the barbecue chicken, turkey, etc. next trip. Again, the pork ribs were fine, I guess, but the brisket is a religious experience."
What you have read about this wonderful barbecue joint is true I'm so much more Just remember you must get here by Ken have to see the full menu
"Great BBQ about 10 minutes East of Sky harbor airport in Phoenix.  Line can be out the door at lunch time and if you go later than that they may not have all the meats.  Yeah their stuff is that good.  The pulled pork- outstanding!  Their brisket - amazing! The jalapeno sausage-superb!  Home made bbq sauces......savory.  Place is small but they have outdoor seating as well.  FYI, canned or bottled sodas to drink....no soda fountain. You cant go wrong with their signature sandwich:  El Jefe.  Healthy helping of Jalapeno sausage and brisket on a big bun.....messy bbq heaven.  The coleslaw is a really good compliment to the sandwich or any of thier platters.  I didn't care much for the cheese grits.  If you try the bbq here,  you will return."
"Absolutely amazing. Incredible fatty brisket, super friendly staff! This place may make it difficult to ever eat BBQ anywhere else though! It really is that good! We had the fatty brisket which is a must, and the sausage which was fantastic! Even the sides are great. I don't like grits, but would eat their cheddar jalapeno grits over and over!"
"There's a reason the line is stupid long, all the time. I'm not  barbecue expert, I'm also not an AZ (everything is great), this was the best barbecue, I'd ever have Imagined."
Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had. We had a party of 9 and the front recommended 4 pounds and gave us a little of everything so we could try all of it. Great customer service!
"Not the worst, not the best. Had the lean brisket (they ran out of fatty) and sausage, with side of baked beans and jalapeño grits, and a smoked pecan pie. My wife also had the smoked turkey. 

The cons: 
The wait in line was nearly 2 hours. It felt like something special to be standing in the hot Arizona sun with so many other people waiting for this magical meat, so we stuck it out. Don't arrive hungry or you will go insane. 

I would describe the brisket as average. Definitely better than what you'd get at a chain but not exactly bursting with flavor or juiciness. The bark was somewhat disappointing and the smoke ring was not remarkable. Meat was tender, but I didn't get the intensity and richness of flavor I would expect from a slow smoked meat. 

The sausage, likewise, was fairly bland. The house sauce and spicy sauce were okay, but I would have loved an option with more tang (vinegar) to bring out the flavor of the meat. The sauces and the meats didn't feel right for each other.

The smoked pecan pie seemed like an off-the-shelf refrigerated single serving pecan pie you can buy at the grocery store. Not sure what makes it ""smoked.""

The pros:
The staff really go out of their way to keep you engaged while waiting in line, from chatting with you to keeping you updated on their supply every so often. The owner is really great at striking up conversation with everyone. 

The jalapeño grits were really great and satisfying. The baked beans had generous amounts of pulled pork running through them which definitely felt like a bonus. 

I had a bit of my wife's turkey and it seemed to have more flavor than my brisket, which I think is the first time that sentence has ever been said. 

For such a busy operation, they do seem to have figured out how to run it like a machine, from the one way traffic in the parking lot, to the signs posted in line telling you how many more minutes the expected wait is. I appreciate that kind of attention to detail. 

This place is definitely good eating, but when you take the long wait into account I can't really say it was worth it. I'm glad we tried it, though. I always like to see what people say is the best anytime I'm traveling somewhere new."
"LMB is my absolute favorite restaurant in all of Arizona. I have been here countless times over many years and always, always, always had a fantastic experience. I have introduced many people to LMB over the years, brought new roommates and taken dates. I always built it up with so much hype that, for a time, I used to worry if I was overhyped it--if, after waiting in line for over an hour, this person might be set up for disappointment. I no longer worry about that, as it's never happened. I've never once brought someone here that didn't end up telling me something along the lines of this being some of the best barbecue they've ever experienced in their lives (if not the very best). There is no way to overhype LMB, it just is that good. 

Even the experience of waiting in line is great, and I hate lines (who doesn't?). But this one's different. LMB is an experience, and the line is a part of that. There's just something about the energy and enthusiasm this place naturally generates among its patrons that seeps into you as you stand there waiting for your turn, grabbing sausage samples from time to time as they make their way down the line.

Everything here is good, you really can't go wrong no matter what you get. I particularly love the pastrami they serve only on Thursdays. Even the turkey is so good that, after my mom, who's not at all a BBQ person, tried it one Thanksgiving, she actually bought a smoker so she could try to replicate it herself the next year. But, of course, the thing you MUST try is the brisket (preferably the fatty cut). I can never seem to save room for the smoked pecan pie, but I often buy one to bring home and eat later. 

The new location is great too, by the way, and I love the extra side options, extra seating, and, especially, the alcohol, but the meat, for some reason, doesn't seem quite as good (though it's close), and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone's first time at LMB. Who knows, maybe the line really makes all the difference..."
"WOW. just WOW. let's just say there's a reason the line is out the door every day and why people wait in that line. i went on a weekday and was there about 20 mins before they opened, and the wait is more worth any disneyland line i've ever waited in, that's for sure!!

i sat inside, and the interior is modestly smalla and welcoming. it was very comfortable being there, and that has so much to do with the energy the staff brings. they love what they do and it shows. 

i got the three meat plate with ribs, pulled pork, and brisket. the service is so warm and kind that they asked me if i wanted a house sausage so i got that too! sides were the beans and cole slow, and let me tell you. i was not ready for biting into that brisket. nothing could have prepared me. it's smoked to perfection,  the flavor is incredible, and the fat melts in your mouth and sends it to the moon. the ribs are well seasoned and easily part from the bone, the sausage is incredible with their mustard sauce, the pulled pork is to DIE for... see where i'm going with this!?

honestly the best barbecue i've ever had. if you love tender and flavorful meats, fantastic service, and a dining experience nicely different from the norm, you need to visit little miss bbq."
"I hate to do this, but I must. 

First off the food was great. Came in on a Saturday morning 20 min prior to opening. The wait was not bad at all. 

Order a beef rib which was 22$ a pound. One rib is about a pound. 

Also got the 2 meats and sausage plate. We got pulled pork and brisket. Came with 2 sides!

Like previously stated, we and the lady enjoyed our food. 

Ultimately what made me give this single star was that we got food poisoning. 

Sorry if I sound mean, I'm writing this on the toilet in my hotel room."
"Best kept secret! Monday @ 10:30am till sold out, burros with the meat from leftovers! OMG!!! You will never want to try another burrito from any other restaurant!!!"
"Ok.. I really didn't want to like this place -- my family and I are from Texas and lived in the Hill Country, I've tried the ""best"" spots all across TX (multiple times), and can't compare to my old man's smoked meats (30+ years experience with the smoker). I can confidently say that Little Miss BBQ is in my top 3 smoked BBQ restaurants!!! Walked up at 11am to see there was already a line forming --- parking is limited but there is a guide/greeter to help you, super friendly. They only let about 5-8 people in at a time to maximize a/c and attention. Limited seating and they won't let more people in until diners finish/leave or someone is there for take-out. Upon entering, we were greeted by the butcher/helpers/etc and blessed with a sample of their brisket. One bite into the brisket, I knew this place was MONEY!! I opted for the 2-meat plate (fatty brisket/pork ribs), add a sausage, and my 2 sides were potato salad and jalapeno grits. Brisket - 9.5/10 (right amount of trimmed fat, perfect moisture, and amazing rub). Pork ribs - 10/10 (again perfect moisture, consistent pull off the bone, perfect trim/rub). Sausage - 9/10 (just great all-around). Sides 10/10 (I know the jalapeno grits are all the rave, but the potato salad HOLY HELL was it good). Long story, short - you'd be crazy not to make a stop and try their food, I will definitely be coming back during my PHX visits..."
"Very very good! 
Best bbq in the whole wide world 
Never disappoints :) ever. And ever"
"Thank GOD I didn't have to wait hours for their food.  It worked out I showed up after lunch and the rush so I didn't wait long like all these other people I've been reading about.  

The food was ok, but not great.  I've had better BBQ in several states and their side dishes leave alot to be desired.  Potato salad was meh, and the grits were good.   

This is the FIRST time I ever had a mustard sauce and didn't like it, but their house sauce is very good.  Their BBQ is average maybe slightly a bit above.  I would give it 1 star but the workers I could sense are such great people. I had the smoked pecan pie and it was ok."
"Someone recommended Little Miss BBQ while I was I. Town for work. got there at 1050 and still wasnt inside until after noon. My expec6grew as I waited and I have to say it was amazing. Mike does a great job keeping the waiting line moving and the food was great. I couldnt wait that long regularly but if you are in town and want something local, take the time to go."
"By far the best BBQ I've ever had. We got there at 9:00 am to get our number (003) as they open at 11:00 am and Fatty Brisket & Beef Rib we're our mission. I have to say it was worth it, every minute of the wait is worth it. 

We had the Fatty Brisket. You must get the Fatty Brisket it's off the charts good. 

Beef Ribs were amazing ( Friday & Saturday ) only on the Beef Ribs. 

Pulled Pork & House Made Sausage which was great. 

We had the BBQ Beans, Cheesy Grits and Potato Salad all great. 

Pecan Pie which was to die for. 

The Fatty Brisket & Beef Rib were an absolute must so get there early, get a number, drink some ice water and enjoy."
Update **  James and Quinton Rock! They are following through with what they said!  Thank you so much!
"Sooo worth the wait! I love me some good BBQ! I knew from the reviews & my friend's experience, I was going to need to wait to give this a try. 

We arrived about close to an hour before opening to find parking & the guy gave us a ticket, so we had a definitely place in line. 15 mins prior to opening, you're able to go wait in line. It is a small space in there, so we opted to order & take it home to eat. I had 3 other ppl with me & we ended up having a little leftovers, but made sure we ate all of it during the rest of the day. 

They have misters out there for you while waiting in line as it can get so hot. They even have chairs as well in case you're too tired to stand & also cold water. Oh yeah, they also give away samples in line!

We ordered:

2lbs Fatty Brisket
1lb pork ribs
1lb beef ribs
2 sausages
1 pint potato salad 
1 pint beans
Pecan pie

When you get closer in line, to the side on the right, there is a rock stacking game. I seen this lady in front of me do it & she said if you can stack 10 or more, you get a free dessert. So I did it & took a picture for them to see. It was the smoked pecan pie & oh my gawwd, it was so good. 

It is a first come first serve. The line moves pretty fast once it opens, but they only cook a certain amount of the bbq daily. Once it is out, it is out, so plan accordingly. Definitely one of the best places of BBQ I've ever had. They put work into all their meats. It does not lack flavor & technique. Workers & owners were also super friendly to make out experience well worth it!"
I've cooked bbq contest professionally. And I've won. A fair amount. This place is the real deal. Get in line and order up. You'll thank me.
"My only mistake here was not taking a picture before eating! I don't know that I could say enough about how good this experience was, we preordered our food (beef ribs, brisket, sausage, cheese/jalapeño grits, and a smoked pecan pie) 2 weeks in advance and it was worth the wait. I would recommend the beef ribs over everything, just keep in mind they are over 1 lb. each! It is a tremendous amount of rich beef that does not disappoint and nothing else even comes close including the wonderful brisket. The service was stellar and all the sides and sauces were great as well. If you have been looking for great beef bbq in the valley you must go here."
"BEST PALCE FOR BBQ IN THE WORLD!!!

How dare Yelp take this off the hook restaurant off their top 100 list."
I came here after googling best of AZ. It doesn't disappoint. Be here early as I came at 10:50am and people already had a line ticket from waiting at 7 AM. We still got in as it was our last day to try from our trip from Las Vegas. This the best brisket I have ever had in my life. I put the piece in my mouth chewed and it disappeared. I thought they did magic or something. It was soo so tender and juicy. I will come back if I'm ever in Phoenix AZ.
"First Class! Best BBQ West Side the Mississippi! The prices are what they are, but the quality is out of this world. If they wanted to, they could sell their beef ribs for 30 bucks a pound and I'd still show up."
"Mark W here checking in on yelp from a place covered in flies. I chose to try this dump bc it's reviewed highly. this place is the most overrated place I've ever been to. All the reviews are most likely fake or from people who know the staff or management. This place does not have enough food and serves food at a snails pace. We waited in line 40 minutes they ran out of our top two choices as we waited in line. Three out of five people in our party didn't eat. The food was greasy and gross. Eat literally anywhere else but here. What a scam. I'll never be back here again. I would not recommend this place to anybody, unless of course I hated them."
"I have one word to describe this place .... AMAZING!! From the minute We got out the Uber , we were greeted with pure genuine customer service. This place was every bit of amazing!! From food to customer service, everything was phenomenal..we mentioned we were from Texas and the staff made us feel comfortable and explained the process of how to order!!! I would so Visit again when in AZ."
"Yes this place has the best bbq in Arizona if you're willing to put in the wait! 

The story goes, some guy who used to work at Franklins, probably the most famous barbeque joint in Austin, TX came to Arizona and decided to bring a little bit of Texas with him.  And I gotta say, this place does not disappoint! 

I definitely end up spending a lot more than I actually plan on spending, but it's the anticipation and wait that makes you do that. You literally will have to wait 1-2 hrs if you get there right at 11am. 

Definitely get the beef ribs if they're serving them. The sliced brisket is so juicy and melts in your mouth. I highly recommend getting the fattier kind. The pork ribs are good as well along with some sausages. They're super smoked tasting, and would be sooo good in a sandwich. I never bother with pulled pork and chopped brisket because I feel it'll taste the same anywhere I go. 

As for the sides, you HAVE to get jalapeño grits!!!! End it with a homemade personal pecan pie, it's super delicious! 

So I will say, the reason why the line is so long because once you get inside the shop, there's only one guy cutting the meats for you and weighs it, they really take their time to cut you the freshest and best pieces of meat. And can you imagine if a guy in front of you orders like 10 lbs of meat! That's why it takes so long! And yes the wait sometimes is brutal, sometimes even demoralizing and you just wanna go home. So is it worth it? It depends on your mood, you definitely can't go here on your lunch break, cause it's definitely gonna take more than an hour. 

But yes, the quality of the meat is #1! There's no other place in Arizona that has that good of meat! However I do rate on my whole entire experience not just on the food, and I would say I kinda like Joe BBQ more for the overall experience, not having to wait in such a long line, and the additional things they serve. 

But all in all, I still would highly recommend coming here if you're in the mood for some bbq. 

Tips:
1) they open at 11, if you don't wanna wait a long time, get there an hour earlier, bring your headphones, bring a book, bring a chair, bring something!
2) whatever you plan on spending, double it just in case, for some reason I always end up spending over $100
3) share with friends, it's a lot better 
4) get the beef ribs, pork ribs, sliced fatty brisket, and sausage, skip the rest
5) if you want sides, get the jalapeño grits! It's the bomb 
6) there's 3 kinda of sauce, ask for them all, they're very accommodating
7) there's pickles and jalapeños and stuff for free if you like that stuff"
"Didn't open till 11:45. Created a long line. Then takes 5 min to serve each customer which keeps the long line. Makes every one think MUST be good if the line is long. 

I feel sorry for those who thought it opened at 11, 1ar iin line, and had to wait 46 min to be served. SAD!!!"
"Don't think.  If you're at the airport just take the ten minutes ride and get some barbeque.  It seems like all the Uber drivers know the place. Now onto the good stuff... The meats. They're not kidding when they say the briskets are good. I was impressed by the fine balance of smoke, pork juices, and meaty goodness. Think of it as a ballerina perfectly poised on her toes. Surprisingly the sausages were on point as well. The texture was perfect with a bit of chew. If you're not sure get the ""Jefe"" sandwich with pork and brisket."
Any restaurant that sells food until they run out will be good. I waited for an hour and it was totally worth it.
Make more food....! 3rd attempt sold out! I ubered here and no food. Make more food....make more food....make more foooOoooooooood
"If you love barbeque then you will not be disappointed. I have family in Kansa City so I've been to a lot of barbecue places in my life. And this place is right up there with anything in KC.

I had some ribs and some chicken just to see which I would like better. And they were both so good that I still can't decide. 

Took of a star for the long wait and the parking. So be ready for that."
"Dammm good eats, saw on YouTube, had to tried it when we are in town, and we all loved it!!!"
"Will you wait? Yes. Is it worth it...?? Hell. Freaking. Yes. 
On weekdays, expect 1hr to 1.5hr wait minimum. Weekends can go up to 3 hrs
There's not much about this place that you need to read about, because words do not do it justice. But in case you need an explanation, go ahead and read below. 

Special Note: Lil Miss BBQ also have specials on certain days of the week. If I remember correctly, they serve beef ribs only on weekends, and pastrami only on thursdays. You may want to call to ask. 

Other Note: parking is kind of a pain. there will be a Lil Miss employee there to help guide you. 

Food 4 Thoughts:
- Fatty Brisket 5/5
- Ribs 5/5
- Sausage 4/5
- Sides: Potato Salad, Coleslaw, Beans (The beans are SOOO GOOD)

Thoughts 4 Food:
Now, when I say that the food is worth the wait... what I truly mean is the FATTY BRISKET is totally worth the wait. They usually run out of Fatty Brisket first. So if you're in line, and you get up to order, make sure you're ordering plenty. It is the typical ""pull-apart"" tender, and extremely juicy. If you do not enjoy ""fatty' foods, then order the chopped brisket which is a mix between fatty and lean. 
The ribs are sooo tasty. I loved them. Falling apart, succulent, and smoked, smoked, smoked. Some BBQ joints operate on a wet, sauce-based rub, which is good. I am more of a fan of the dry, seasoning-based rub, which I think this is. Good smokey taste. 
Sausage is good, but honestly i've never had a bad sausage at a bbq joint. 
The surprise ""must-have"" are the BEANS. It is mixed with some lean brisket, so it is super duper hearty.

Service is fantastic! Even though the wait is long, line moves slow - those are both a by-product of great food and great service. You show up to the line, and they cut the meat in front of you and weigh it. While waiting in line, expect to eat some samples given to you by the workers there. 

If this review doesn't convince you to go, I don't know what will. 

Chances I'll return: 100%"
Hands down the best BBQ in Arizona! Other places may taste good but when you get the juicy moistness that is Lil Miss you will understand the difference.
"Ordered a pick up order for my birthday celebration - AWESOME FOOD!!  Great job across the board - you can't go wrong.  I am not much for fighting the crowd and waiting in line - my suggestion - order online and pick it up and avoid the lines all together!  Brisket - awesome, ribs - awesome, brisket beans - were the favorite of the group, turkey - awesome.  I just wish I would have tried the pumpkin/nutella pie.

BEST BBQ in PHOENIX!  I hope they want to expand to the East Valley - I would happily help in any way I can to make that happen!"
