"Cute place. 30 minute wait, but I was solo so I sat right away at the bar. 

I was drooling over the variety of sweet options on the menu. Anytime there is marscapone and caramel on bread - yes, please. I was going to order two meals and just split them but decided to do a sweet and savory (added the sweet potato pancakes) for $4. Just means I'll have to come back and try those blasted French toasts (toasti?).

Decaf coffee was yummy. The cornbeef hash was unlike any I've ever had! Definitely house made, with the surprise addition of green peppers. Usually I'm a GP skeptic (rightfully so, I think), but these were seasoned beautifully and added a depth to the hash that I really enjoyed. A side of Cholula hot sauce, and it never stood a chance. The eggs were perfectly cooked, but a little bland. Just threw some hot sauce on them and kept chewing. 

That pancake ... the sweet potato in the pancake was subtle and complimented perfectly by the caramel (which I could eat on everything!) it wasn't too thick either. The meal was a reward for finishing a 5K, and I was not at all disappointed. In myself or Snooze!"
"Retro meets modern twist on breakfast...where to start.. I arrived at 6.45, not realizing they open at 7am on the weekends, but the hostess was kind enough to open the doors early (which they did not have to do, even tho it was an unusual 35 degrees here in AZ)..I was actually going to have coffee & normally do not but it was an early morning.  Needless to say I did NOT have the coffee because as soon as I saw they offered loose leaf tea - sold...outside if a tea/coffee shop, how many restaurants offer loose leaf tea?...I also had AJ and was pleasantly surprised again that they brought unfiltered apple juice (bonus points in my book)...Withiut going into more detail than I already have, they have a variety of breakfast items but the specialty is pancakes even offering a custom variety order of 3 (thus u can get 3 different flavored pancakes), they didn't have banana pancakes on the menu, a bit bummed as I relayed that to the waitress but plenty of others to choose from...however after settling on a blueberry Danish pancake, the cook came out with a banana pancake drizzled with chocolate, caramel & powdered sugar! - extremely shocked and amazed that they made me A special pancake, which ease note that their ""large"" size pancakes are a meal in themselves-Delicious! You can also place HALF orders on almost any item on the menu, as I had a half order of the ""neat"" fen echo toast which was even better than the pancake....along with two eggs over easy and some rye toast, I always want more than I can eat....along with an extremely friendly, happy and informative wait staff, not overly or underly attentive...my only criticism is that I wish this place was closer to chandler! :)"
"James is the guy to get as your server when you land for breakfast here. 
Play a game of ping pong while you wait. 
The environmental efforts that they make here should be more visible to the public. Unless an employee tells the story of the company as James did you wouldn't understand the goals and forward thinking and planning that is going into this company.  I would Add contact information about the company to the table top menu to include the website the email and phone number and address. Giving the Yelp link for realtime comments.

We ate on the patio where we were protected by a double rack of 5 gallon propane bottles. Moving the propane out of the dining are would be a good. .

All the food was plenty to eat. The service iced fast and the wait was minimal."
"Three of us headed for Sunday breakfast after good workouts. Arrived 8am and waited 20 mins. Joe was our server-outstanding in efficiency, friendly and revisited the table throughout the meal. Three different breakfasts - breakfast tacos, caprese benedict and quinoa porridge!  All were delicious and right portioned. Will be back!  Simply worth the wait."
Solid food. I got half and half if bella bella and chillaquiles benedict. Somehow I could tell my portion was so much smaller than other people's benedicts...maybe because I did half and half? But my hash was smaller portion too. :( maybe im imagining stuff because it was so good I wanted some more!
"Amazing service, ambience and food. The waiters are helpful and happy and the food is always, always good. Super busy usually though, so be prepared for a bit of a wait - but it's worth it!"
"Another great Sunday starting at Snooze on Camelback Phoenix near the Biltmore corridor. Busy every morning especially Sunday it's a go to favorite visiting family in the area. Enjoy the consistent high quality breakfast usually getting the eggs Benedict Bella Bella or a combination of two of other favorites including  chilaquiles & chili verde always done to snooze perfection . A retro mcm vibe it's always fun. We have had server Charles before he's great, thank you! Worth the wait you can't loose!"
"HOLY PANCAKE. 

I came here for the first time on Saturday with my boyfran before taking in the sights of house-hunting around Arcadia. Like Allie S. says, if we are going to be Arcadia folks, we better start brunching! 

Everything here was amazing, but I am going to start with the best thing: 

Chocolate Chip Pancake. I'm kicking myself for not taking a photo, but I guess I just couldn't wait. The pancake was crispy on top.. like how do I even explain it?.. this is a stretch but it was almost like crème brûlée. Seriously incredible, best pancake I have ever eaten, and that's saying something. 

We also had the ham eggs benedict. the most classic style, I think it was called Ham Benedict III. It was also the best benedict I've ever eaten, but not as unique in yumminess as the pancake. It's not fair to compare a benedict to a pancake, I realize, but still that pancake... anyways,

Finally, we got the Breakfast Pot Pie. I thought it was kinda weird, but I only had a bite. Here's my bfs description: ""Flaky, like a pot pie. But not really. I think I was just way more into the homemade chicken sausage"" - which brings me to my next topic,

Homemade Chicken Sausage. Again, not up my alley AT ALL, but he was in heaven. That and the fresh squeezed OJ. He was like ""I don't even ask if it's fresh squeezed. I just order it and if it's not fresh squeezed I know the food is going to be a joke."" I guess he was right though, because the juice was delish, and the food was oMAHHHGAHHH good."
"An amazing breakfast spot that will have something for everyone in your group ! We had a sample of the OMG French toast and it was fantastic . I hate sweet things for breakfast but thy managed to make it not gnawingly sweet - instead it had notes of creaminess and butteriness , salt and fresh strawberries . For the meal I had the Bella eggs Benedict with crispy hash browns . If you ask for them crispy they actually deliver and flatten the pile to brown them all over . The Bella was delicious , the prochutto (can't spell that (: ) was a salty and they give you enough to really taste it in the dish . The cream cheese hollandaise was decadent , the arugula fresh and peppery , and the balsamic sweet . A perfect combo of flavors , I wouldn't add anything . My friend had one chilaquiles Benedict  and she has gotten it multiple times because she loves it so much . The wait was not bad for us because we were there at noon and the outdoor seating was shady but no misters or fans to keep you cool . For the good food sitting outside in the summer was worth it , just plan for a wait of some kind . The waitress was great and all the staff was very nice . I almost forgot , the drinks are amazing ! They have a large menu for a breakfast spot (lots of options just like the food menu) . I got the grapefruit elderflower mimosa and I had two it was so yummy . My friend had a chai drink with coffee liquor , fantastic . Try it all !"
"Unbelievable. The wait sucked, but obviously that means its fantastic and they have a great system where you check in and you can go shop and they'll text you when your tables about ready so you can do whatever you want or shop while you wait, which theres plenty of in the area. Best eggs benedict in Phoenix. It doesn't matter which one you get they're all amazing. Go here go here go here!!!!!"
"Best Brunch joint around! I love Snooze- the food, the drinks, the service, the overall vibe. I've never had a bad meal at Snooze and I love to try different things from the menu every time I go. Their specials are always spectacular too, especially when they throw out random pancakes. If you're in the Highland & 51 area, skip all of the other breakfast joints and head straight to Snooze for a great meal at a great price- You won't be sorry!"
"I like this place.  It's somewhere between a A-OK, and Yay I'm a fan.

I'd likely go back if in the area again.  Food was decent. and drinks were good and all was reasonably priced.  

Nothing particularly stuck out, good or bad.  Our waitress was friendly, but not particularly engaging - fine.  All food was good and as described on menu.  i thought both of our benedicts could have been a little saucier, and my 'green chili holandaise' tasted neither like hollandaise nor green chili's.  It was both bland and scant.  However, the rest of the dish was fine, and tasty without the sauce - which was good, since the sauce, as mentioned, was both bland and scant. 

We liked our drinks (Mmm Mmm Mimosas) and they were both reasonably priced and sized.  
We were given a 30-45 minute wait for a table upon arrival and were seated in that time.  There's a service bar area where you can get a cocktail while you wait.  I'm assuming they serve coffee as well - but we don't do that, so i'm not sure.  

They had the only decent/interesting looking breakfast menu in the central/down-town phoenix area - which is why we went.  While there was nothing wrong with the place, I suspect as more and more places of interest come to the area (as has been happening the last 10 years, and the last 5 especially), that they will have to step up  their game a bit to keep the crowds coming.

Anyway - we look forward to returning to phoenix again next winter to see what they and the area are offering. :)"
"Great, and our server, Phil was a real pro!
Fabulous food, great environment, one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had!
Can't hardly wait to go back."
"I first learned about Snooze AM eatery while on a business trip to Denver.  The food and staff was amazing, so I had to try the local one in Phoenix.  The place was packed (which is a constant) and there were already several people waiting outside.  I took my new girlfriend with me and we were told it would be a 15 minute to1 hour wait. They took my phone number, so they could text me when our table was ready.  We got the text about 50 minutes later and we sat at a shaded table outside.  Our service was incredible and we were fully taken care of and serviced in a timely and friendly manner throughout the whole experience.   I ordered the OMG French Toast and it was wonderful as always (I have had it a couple of times now).  My girlfriend ordered the Chile Verde Benny (A woman after my heart!) which was also spectacular.  Even the house hash-browns were firmly crispy on the outside and delicious.  Seriously, how could you go wrong with this place!"
"Can't rate the food because it's a 75 Mins waiting for party of 8. No Reservations accepted. A little of frustration. Friend from Germany wants to try this out, but it wasn't justifiable for 1.5 hours of wait. Ridiculous!"
Ahhhhmmmazing! Flipping tasty. Great atmosphere and menu variety. Staff was warm and helpful and the service was prompt. Zero complaints.
I was in Phoenix recently and stayed at the hotel near this place. I ended up going there everyday of my stay lol. I sat at the bar and each time the service was great.  Love the french toast and the Drunken Punk'n Pancakes are my guilty pleasure.  Will be back there soon. I have not tried the coffee yet so that is on my to do list.
"Always amazing! The staff, food, and drinks are top awesome! The wait may be a bit long but soooo worth it! Definitely try one their daily pancakes!"
"Snooze is great! By far my favorite breakfast place. Today I got Miranda as my server and she was awesome! She had some great recommendations and was friendly and efficient, she really made the experience great!"
"Yum! Cool atmosphere, great music and delicious food. I'm not giving it 5 stars because I didn't have anything I couldn't live without, but I would definitely recommend it and will go again. Liked the Bella Bella Benedict and the sausage gravy best but everything was good. Subbed a pineapple upside down pancake for toast on one meal and 4 of us shared it as a dessert. Couldn't imagine eating more than that - it's great, but a lot of sugar. Bloody Mary's were ok. Oregano's and Carly's still have the best of those in the valley. 

You're going to have at least a 30 min wait and maybe closer to an hour or more depending on when you go, so go shopping at My Sisters Closet and they will text you when it's time to head back over. It's a nice feature since they don't take phone reservations."
"Sorry Snooze, I use to really love your breakfasts, until I changed my diet to plant based (vegan). If you are not a plant based eater, this will not be an issue as there is a massive menu to select from. But my last visit my option was oatmeal and having to take half the toppings off. I am surprised that with so much business and such a selection of breakfast items, there's literally nothing on the menu. Scramble has quite a lot of vegan options (8 to be exact) and is consistently good, though I like the atmosphere at Snooze better. Please include some plant based options so I can visit you again!"
"Love this place, all locations are great but our fav is the one on Camelback.  Staff are literally the happiest on earth.  We of course have our favorite....Jimmy from Boston!  He is warm, welcoming and super sweet.  He treats you like family!  The food is amazing; however, I continually get the same thing: Corned beef hash, which is the most legit.  They also have an amazing Chorizo.  If you want great service with amazing food, get there early....but it is worth the wait if you sleep in!"
"I've gone to both the Tempe and Phoenix locations and this place is awesome! I give 4 stars simply because they're always super busy, so you usually have to wait a decent amount of time to sit and to get drinks. But once you order the food, it comes out SO QUICK and is always bangin'."
"I know this place is quite popular but my breakfast and service were sooooo ""meh"": The waitress wasn't sure what herbal iced tea was so I ordered herbal tea and a glass of ice. The tea came with no explanation of what kind it was and it definitely was too strong to be herbal so I didn't drink it. Never got the glass of ice. Ordered scrambled eggs, toast, hashbrowns and chicken ""sausage "". The latter was a misshapen patty that I couldn't eat. I tried two bites and it had an odd flavor so I skipped it. The eggs and toast were okay but only marmalade for the toast was served with it. No other options.   Had to wait quite awhile for the check and the place was NOT busy. My stomach was upset for about three hours afterwards. Not going back. Ever."
"I love this place. The tacos are amazing and the easy access coffee is great. Games to play out back and the little bar out front is perfect. My only issue is the long wait. Generally, it's 45-60 mins so we eat something on the way there. Haha. I have yet to have anything bad on their menu, but you can't go wrong with those tacos..."
"Excellent food and tough choices... I always seem to have a hard time deciding between the sandwiches, the burrito and the pancakes/french toast options! 

Had the burrito for the first time today and it was huge... great flavors with the green sauce on top! 
This location seems bigger than the one in Gilbert.  

Come early, there is always a wait, but it's worth it!"
"I had been wanting to come here for forever.... But the few times we tried, it was an hour wait... No thanks!! 

Now that the newness has died down, I met my cousin here for breakfast at 8 am. No wait! :). 

I was torn because I was told their pancakes were delicious, but I didn't want to just eat pancakes. I love eggs Benedict, but I didn't want to give up my hash browns for a pancake...... The waitress let me know there were options! So I ended up w 1/2 order of the Bella! Bella! Benny and hash browns and added a blueberry Danish pancake.  My cousin let me try her Benny Goodman also! Everything was tasty.  

Service was good. But it was a little loud in there. 

I'll be back to try more goodness :)"
"My boyfriend and I came in with high expectations and they were definitely met! For 9:30 am on a Tuesday they were very busy, and we were told there would be a 15 minute wait, or we could sit at the bar right then. We chose to sit at the bar. Our coffee was brought right away and our cup was never less than half full! Our food came very quickly and was delicious! I ordered the quinoa porridge and it was AMAZING. My boyfriend got the OMG french toast and he absolutely loved it too. The service was amazing as well, very friendly and attention! Thank you snooze!"
"This place is a great new addition for the breakfast selections around town.  Food is 5 stars,  unique and always tasteful.  Service is 4-5 stars with some good people and proper organization.  I like the text program for when your table is ready.  Wait is 4 stars since estimate on wait time is not accurate.  Place is very ""happening"" and people like to linger.  Great for friends and kid friendly.  Price is average (priced right for what you get) and I always am full when I leave.  Try the pancake flights, they are amazing!!!"
"We came here a few weeks ago, mid week for breakfast.  First off, it's a restaurant, and the food was absolutely delicious.  Unique menu items and ungigantic portions.  We tried a few different benedict dishes and they even let you substitute different ones. 

I am unlikely to return anytime soon though secondary to the terrible experience actually getting a table which allowed us access to said great food.  Briefly, we were told 30 minutes to wait, 45 minutes later they say 'you are next', then proceed to seat four additional parties (same size of our own).  I don't feel that I am entitled to special treatment, but please just be honest with me, otherwise you look incompetent."
Probably best breakfast in town. Cage free eggs and best pancakes and great service from Charles and Echo.
"Great breakfast joint! 

Have been to Snooze a couple times with the girlfriend. I love how creative they are with the menu and how generous the portion sizes are. I usually get one of their spins on eggs benedict. Sooooo good! I have always been pleased with the service and staff. Wait times can be a pain. Although, I would say the wait is worth it. 

Keep it up!"
Amazing service. Great food.  Fun atmosphere and music. Worth the wait. The waitress lost our ticket order. Waiting waiting. Then manager came out to apologize and  to retake our order and comped our meal.  Made it even nicer when it's comped. Super tasty.
"Honestly the best breakfast tacos I've ever had! Pico was so so delicious. My home made ones will forever be a let down from now on, and that's not the Orange Snoozius talking. Every dish that I saw looked amazing, and I wish I could have tried them all. If I ever get the chance to go again I will try something else even though I know I loved the corn tortilla tacos. 
The atmosphere was up beat, trendy, and loud. Not too loud. Just perfect so that you could have a normal conversation without being overheard. I hate it when it's too quiet and you have to whisper to avoid the odd looks about our bizarre conversations."
"I enjoyed my dining experience at Snooze. The wait staff was friendly. I ordered blueberry danish pancakes instead of following my first mind and getting regular pancakes. I didn't care for them. The pancakes themselves lacked flavor and the toppings weren't sweet. I would've rather had the addition of maple syrup and butter. I did love the lemon cream, however. It was tasty.
I also ordered scrambled eggs that were cooked as ordered and pork belly bacon. The bacon was super good. My almond milk cappuccino was creamy and strong with a cinnamon sprinkle on top.
My breakfast was right around $21.

There seemed to be a diverse crowd of happy diners. The staff were having fun with each other and the customers. The decor was cute.

I would definitely go back. I saw a yummy sounding chai drink on the menu that I'd love to try."
"I'm not exactly unbiased here. I relocated from Denver. Year ago and my former residence was next to the Littleton location. It's not uncommon to have a 30 minute wait Tuesday morning at 10:00am. I love ALL the Benedict's and infused alcohols make for a fun breakfast too. The Town and Country location (great choice btw, good culture match) is of the same quality and it shows in the staff. A must try for foodies and families that like fun, good food and great atmosphere."
"I should have had the pancakes.

Don't get me wrong.  The omelet I had wasn't bad.  I'm giving the place four stars after all.  The eggs and ingredients tasted fresh.  However; even for three eggs, it was pretty dense and for $9 I think access to more than three fillings (including cheese) without extra charges wouldn't be asking too much.   It did come with hash browns and toast, so that certainly does help justify the price being a dollar or two more than I would like to pay for breakfast.  The orange juice is awesome.  It tasted like the oranges were squeezed to order.

The employees are awesome.  I was alone just trying to get a quality bite to eat while my car was being worked on down the street.  I sat at the bar and the server was quick and efficient handling all the people sitting around.  He also offered everyone at least a water ""to-go"" as they paid their checks (anyone who had tea or coffee was offered that in a take out cup).

Snooze is bigger, cleaner, and more modern looking than most of the breakfast spots you're probably used to hitting up.  It's certainly worth at least a try.  But next time, I think I'm going to try the pancakes.  Or maybe the french toast."
"I have been going to Snooze since they opened and have never been disappointed.
The menu is fabulous, the ambiance is great (fabulous music) and the staff is outstanding...starting with Kylie (sp) greeting you at the door; Echo the Manager, who is a real professional and all the wait staff, who is so well trained.  The food is amazing...not your run of the mill breakfast spot...but a kicked up menu with all your favorites.  A winner."
"We went on Veteran's day, and waited over an hour to get seated, then an additional hour for our food.  There was six of us, and when the food arrived, it was all cold.  I thought the menu was very innovative, but we couldn't tell because it was all cold."
"food: eggs benny duo. beef and salmon. i like how you can get both. i always have that trouble. i want to eat everything on the menu. the salmon is more like a lox and bagel deal, which i liked because it's not as briny as it is on a bagel. the beef is like a bbq kind of thing. tender beef on top of an egg. ***4/5

service: i came in as soon as the door opened. plans didnt work out. server was nice. got my food hot and delicious. ample seats, but then i was very early. ***4/5

value: i liked how you can do a combo on the benedicts. i can try the whole menu faster. the quality and service is great. price is good for the portion. ***4/5"
This place is great! The service from our server Jamie was friendly and perfect and the bennidect dishes are awesome!
"Very unique breakfast options that will keep you coming back again and again!  Amazing atmosphere, reasonable prices and a friendly staff make this place the ultimate breakfast eatery."
"Dear Snoozers,

The best way I can explain this place is like this: have you ever been to a restaurant and they say ""created by our Chef"" or something like this is our Chefs favorite dish or something like that? 

Then you order it and think..... really? Someone went to culinary school to learn THIS?? I could've made the exact same thing! 

Well.... this is NOT what Snooze is about. These people literally said ""how can we make an amazing breakfast that's DIFFERENT that'll make them come back?"" (Trust me, I was there in the meeting)

Anyway the stuff they serve here is NOT something you can whip up on your own! Sure, u can quit your day job and not work and then you can duplicate their memorable breakfast. I can also repair my own engine and paint my house (I can't do either) but do I want to?? Heck no!

So if you wanna eat here, get ready to be blown away and be OPEN MINDED! Their blending of things might not sound so appealing on their paper menu but oh boy are your taste buddies awarded. 

Now just please don't be boring and order scrambled eggs with bacon. They do that too but you can get that stuff anywhere!

Be well, Snoozers!!"
"Ok, Phoenix peeps, there will be a wait if you go peek hours.  I would recommend going before they close or early in the morning.  In addition, after reading the previous reviews, I believe people gave A-Ok reviews based on the wait.  However, if you break it down, this is a BREAKFAST restaurant that specializes in pancakes my taste buds have never tasted in my life.  It is popular and new, therefore, there will be a wait!  I wrote an awesome review about the location in San Diego, and I will say the quality and taste is just the same in Phoenix.

For those that have tasted better pancakes elsewhere, please tell me so I can try them.  On the other hand, their pineapple upside down and caramel apple pancakes are so sweet you think you were eating dessert.  All other pancakes shiver in its presence.  If you want a more thorough review, read up on my San Diego review.  However, they have amazing pancakes with a great selection of your traditional breakfast platters with a twist.  Check in, walk around and shop, enjoy your company, and feast on some great brunch at Snooze!  We will see you again Snooze!"
"Limited fountain drink options, seemed to skimp a bit on the hollandaise for the traditional eggs Benedict, eggshell in the eggs, music too loud, and the waiter didn't seem concerned about why we barely touched our food. Not worth the time or the money.

I highly doubt I will ever return or recommend this place. Don't know what people see in it."
Good service with bad food except the smoked ham it's delicious.  Coffee was week a brewing problem. Tables were dirty and the menu was grimy.
Really delicious breakfast. Just so busy it takes forever to get seated. Other than the wait it was really good! I'll definitely go back again!
"Great service, not so great food. The coffee was good, but the steak Benedict was ehhhh and the fruit bowl was not good at all....and I really hate even writing this because the server was so lovely. The place was full, so I'm assuming locals really like it. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things..."
"95 minute wait for breakfast? Really? So here is the tip, go to the bar, but you might have to stand and eat. I did just that since I was solo. No wait, but not a great experience since people were trying to order drinks all around me. Did I mention I had to stand to eat? 

The place plays very, very loud music. That is never a negative for me. I love music. If I think music is loud it is really loud. However, for a breakfast place it seemed strange. Don't go here with a hangover, migraine or if you do not like crowds. People were all over the place waiting to get in. 

The coffee was not anything great but I have to admit the food was FAB! I got the sweet potato pancake and sausage links and it was seriously Delish!!!! It makes me sad because there are so many things I have heard are so good here. I want to go back but I probably wont. Well, maybe in the summer, on a beach holiday weekday?  

*****Five stars for the food-and I rarely rank Breakfast food as a 5 star meal. 

*1 for the wait and crowds

****4 for the service. The staff members are kind and cheery. Definitely, not a Snooze;"
"If I was to review this purely on food, I'd probably give it 5 stars. I've tried a few different things here and have not been diaper whatsoever. Even the coffee is amazing lol. The only drawback is that the breakfast and brunch crowd is always so so crazy. I don't think I've ever had less than a 45 min wait. But I still wait because the food is worth it! The place itself has a retro vibe to it with cool decor. I do recommend it!"
"Five stars for Snooze!! I've been here a few times and food is always consistent. I've gotten the salmon Benedict's before & the Benedict's with prosciutto and arugula. Yummmm! I love their mimosas, you can choose many different flavored juice to go with the champagne, and they come in a nice, tall glass. Bloody Mary's are good too. 

Five stars for our server, Olivia! She was so sweet and attentive. I love when you can tell someone is genuinely happy and enjoying their job. 

Snooze gets BUSY, but it's worth the wait!"
"I so wanted to fall in love with the cuteness of this place but unfortunately I walked out pissed off & underwhelmed. First off, 30-45 min wait.. Not worth it. They might give you complimentary coffee but then they charge you on your bill $5!!! The server said I had the coffee at my table?! Yeah, I just poured a cup!!!! While I waited, why wouldn't I bring it to my table? Who charges 2.50 a cup anyway? Coffee is free refills at Overeasy ( best bkfst) .  Dried up chicken sausage and blueberry Danish pancakes was very underwhelming. Will not be returning."
"Ok - I have read other reviews and YES the food was good but heck after 45 mins waiting for a table and then another 45 minutes at the table waiting for food... well our taste buds were diminished, maybe it was the dry mouth we suffered waiting endlessly for refills, or the lack luster wait staff, common one girl was in short shorts that should never be on someone her size (puked in my mouth).  Its the kind of place people go to just because they went in Cali or CO.  If you have no place to be and want to wait hours for OK breakfast then this is the place for you!  Breakfast Club in Old Town has the same wait but your in and out in 20 mins once you sit down... and must better looking staff!"
"Way overrated breakfast spot. That they attract a crowd proves the adage of ""location, location, location."" There are much better choices nearby, including Daily Dose and the new First Watch tucked in next to Tarbell's"
"OMG, this place is so so so so so yummy...and there's a line out the door for it on the weekends that I just can't force myself to stand in, otherwise I'd be there more often! I had one of the eggs bennie and one of their dessert-like pancakes. So delicious. Great for kids. Love the booths!"
Great perky breakfast place.... and I'm not a breakfast eater! LOL But very cute place! Love their coffee mugs and cute design concept! Don't miss it if you ARE a breakfast eater! Their service was slow for a breakfast joint but it has been packed both times I've been there.
"It bums me out to write this review since Snooze has historically been one of my favorite restaurants, however this most recent visit was inexcusably bad. I want to preface with the fact that the food is always delicious, and all of my problems have been with incompetent service. 

Upon arriving we were told the wait time would be 30 minutes, and upon waiting we were called in 5. Now this isn't necessarily a bad thing, however I was ready to leave instead of waiting half an hour for a table. My girlfriend talked us into staying. As far as the estimates is concerned the hosts need to give more accurate information or they run the risk of losing potential customers.

When we were seated our server greeted us about 3 minutes in and took our full orders. We asked for 2 waters to start and a couple simple drinks I've ordered at least 4 or 5 times before without issue. This is where the problems arise.

A family of 4 came in about 5 minutes after we did, at which point their drink orders were taken. We proceeded to wait 10 minutes with no drinks while the family received theirs in about a minute or 2. When our two drinks came out, we still had not been served any waters, and the drinks were 100% in accurate. I was served a half cup of foam with nothing else in the cup, when I'd ordered a tea latte with honey. My girlfriend's drink came out without the whipped cream she'd ordered.

We flagged down another server and asked if they could get our server, who had been MIA since taking our order nearly 20 minutes prior. She came to the table and I explained the situation to her. She proceeded to give me an excuse for every issue, to which we were of course sympathetic. She corrected the issues to the best of her ability, and for that I commend her. However, the incident had already left a poor taste in my mouth.

The food was delicious as always, and we of course had not been offered any condiments, so I stood up and found some for us to use, considering I didn't expect to see any of the wait staff any time soon.

The real issue came from the bill. My girlfriend got an entree that consisted of 2 free add-ins and the ability to pay for additional ones. She chose what most people would add, a meat and a sauce, and then asked to have an extra side of spinach and tomatoes, each of which were listed for 75 cents. The meat and sauce were listed as aproximately 3 dollars each. So when we got our bill, we saw that the tomatoes and spinach had been the items added in for free to the meal, and they had charged us for the meat and sauce that she originally ordered to come with the dish.

I don't know if this is common practice for Snooze, but I don't think I'll be returning. For as good as the food is, having to go through the headache of just getting what you wanted to order in the first place is not worth it to me."
"FANTASTIC!!!  I am so happy to find a breakfast place worth raving about.  In a sea on boring breakfast options, my sister introduced me to this gem.  I don't care if the wait is always 45 minutes.  I'll wait.  It's worth it.  I talked about their chorizo breakfast tacos to anyone that would listen for weeks.  The porridge is amazing, sweet potato pancakes delicious.... I have yet to find something not unbelievable on the menu.  

If you're looking for breakfast, go here.  Do some shopping while you wait, then come enjoy the deliciousness while you are sitting out on their patio area enjoying the sunshine."
"Ok, you Phoenix locals, quit hogging the good dining spots.  Snooze AM is the kind of diner that I wish we had back in my hometown. Solid food, some nice surprises and a edgy decor.

We visited on a Monday morning for breakfast and were greeted by an almost full restaurant. Finding a spot at the bar we were quickly welcomed by a friendly staff and provided good coffee and a selection of tea.  The menu has some standards, but we were recommended to try their special focus - Benedict.  I thoroughly enjoyed my blend of two different dishes  - one was a barbacoa and the other was a mushroom and asparagus. Outstanding.

Important to note is that they are willing to accept special requests. Need a half sized portion? No problem. Want to try a split dish? Do it. Have an original idea for a dish? Bring it on.

They are also a brunch place with great options for adult beverages, including Bloody Marys, Beer and Wine on Tap.

So, do yourself a favor, bust in on the locals hiding place and enjoy some great food and a cool dining experience."
"First VISIT to Snoose, it comes HIGHLY recommended. Corned Beef Hash, hash browns, poached eggs, equals...

HAPPINESS !!"
The free coffee is a great start and it taste freshly brewed. The whole ambience is amazing and the chicken sausage has a little kick but great flavor. The black beans have a zesty flavor and the menu has so much more that you just have to try
"Days later and I'm still thinking about the delicious BEAT sandwich-bacon, egg, arugula and tomato plus avocado. On our girls trip to Phoenix, we had brunch twice at Snooze and it was great both times. Enjoyed a blueberry danish pancake to share. Friends had the breakfast burrito, corned beef hash and omelettes. Everything was good with a comfortable, fresh atmosphere and mature, attentive wait staff. Will definitely return!"
Snooze is one of my favorite breakfast restaurants! I have yet to try something I don't like. My favorites are the chicken pot pie and the omg french toast! There is usually about a 30 minute wait because it is always busy. The staff is friendly and atmosphere is relaxed.
"Date of Visit 8/5 7:30am approx

I love this place.  The chocolate chip pancakes were delicious.  The music playing reminded me of the late 1990s early 2000s when I was still in middle school/high school.  The servers were fantastic.  I ate chocolate chip pancakes with homemade chicken sausage.  This place is so good I plan to return on Sunday.

Date of Return Visit 8/9 12pm approx.

Note: If you want to come here, avoid Sunday midday.  Come earlier in the day, or come during a weekday.  I went & they said 45-60 minutes waiting for a table.  Since I was in a chess tournament & could not afford to wait that long for food, I opted to order takeout instead.  The takeout option was worth it - I loved the breakfast I had - their sausage was good, the upside down pineapple pancakes were good, & I enjoyed their hot chocolate.  I recommend coming here during non-peak visiting hours, & ordering food to go during peak visiting hours."
"Well worth the wait for an amazing Sunday morning breakfast! Friendly knowledgeable staff from start to finish. They text you when your table is ready so you can leave the premises if you'd like to do some nearby shopping. When I couldn't decide between two types of eggs Benedict the server said that they could make the eggs Benedict half and half. Fantastic food and service, not a place to go if you want to get seated right away."
Exceptional food. Service with a smile. Good folks....... Your typical down to earth Colorado folks. Came here on a recommendation from my inlaws from Colorado and will definitely be back. I had Bella Bella Benny which I recommend highly. Even had an exquisite presentation!
That food was delicious and the service was great but the water was not up to par. it tasted like sink water and not the good kind. Overall i would come here again but next time I'll bring my own water.
"THE BEST BREAKFAST EVER!! I am so impressed with Snooze. We were seated within 15 mins on busy 4th of July. Everything my family and I ordered was delicious and well put together. We had free refills on fresh squeezed juice and delicious coffee. Our waiter Alex was so kind, attentive, funny and efficient. The music was great, the place was super clean, the plates and silverware were retro and cool. The manager came over to talk to us about our experience and she was so nice!! She told us about how the Snooze franchise composts, recycles and repurposes everything right down to the kids crayons and soda straws. They serve cage free eggs and free range meat and all the ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Not a single complaint about Snooze. The absolute best breakfast in Phoenix, a lovely environment and awesome staff."
"Amazing food and service! I had the breakfast burrito and my boyfriend tried the  Chilaquiles Benedict and we both cleared our plates. Not going to lie, my burrito was pretty good but his dish was even better so I highly recommend that. It was a small factor but the music choice was also pretty epic. I'm down to eat breakfast and bob my head to some BiggieBiggieBiggie can't you see. 
Unfortunately this place loses a star to its subpar coffee. If you're paying over $10 a plate you deserve a good cup of coffee."
"Great food, poor service.  The bartender was more interested in talking to coworkers than helping customers. She never once offered to refill coffee or water.  Unfriendly and inattentive service."
"Ok...four of us for breakfast, on a busy Saturday morning.  Our server was pleasant. Beverage orders were delivered quickly, breakfast orders were placed. Three of our plates arrived. The fourth ""is coming right out"". Our server came by to ask how everything was...""fine, but we are still missing the fourth dish"". She did not seem concerned nor did she apologize. The hostess/floor manager came to say that the order was coming out shortly. She did apologize for the delay. The fourth item finally arrived about 10 to 15 minutes after the first plates were delivered. 
The up side was that the food was very good and they comped the delayed fourth plate.
The down side is the lack of concern shown by the server and that we had to ask for coffee refills."
I love this place! Excellent food and excellent service... the only thing.. waiting sometimes is just insane! 2 or 3 hours! I guess is so good and popular that they can't keep up with so many people arriving
"The Best pancakes I have ever eaten! I ordered the pancake flight breakfast,  and choose the pineapple upside down, the pancake of the day, and the sweet potato, I also had a piece of bacon.  Each bite was an explosion of flavorful goodness. The price was decent and reasonable for the quality and flavor. The atmosphere was very retro but comfy and easy going. I will defintely go back."
Service was a bit slow because they are busy but the food was excellent! We ordered the breakfast pot pie thingy.... it was lighter than expected but just as satisfying!
"Yea, very unlikely that I will eat here again. The wait was 45 minutes which makes one think the food is going to be freakin' fantastic but it was just normal, regular old food.  The omelette was good but not outstanding, and I tend not to trust any food that is molded into a shape like the hash browns were.  The service added to the meh. When the server came around she used condescending pet names like ""love"" and ""sweetie"", which was annoying.  In addition, I was not given any creamer for my coffee or any jam for my toast and the music is way too loud to have a conversation."
"Visited for the second time this morning, and food was just as good as the first time. So far, we've tried six dishes and all have been excellent. The house made sausage is great, the corned beef hash is out of this world, and even though I'm not much of a pancake fan, the sweet potato and carrot cake pancakes were excellent as well. Service earned them the fifth star; on both visits we've been served by Chelsea and she has done a spectacular job--even offered me a roadie for my coffee on our first visit before Christmas. Looking forward to making Snooze a regular player in our weekend breakfast rotation!"
"Holy hell, the wait to just sign in was terrible. I was second in line to just sign in. Not a good start. Finally got seats (not picky ones) and our server didn't show up until we asked for some service for simple coffee. Please work a tad better on your service."
"Great breakfast food and atmosphere! Can get crowded on a Sunday morning, so come early! There are GF options and the coffee drinks are great!!"
"We LOVE this place!! 
Excellent service every time!! The pancakes are creative and fluffy & while they sound overly sweet they are not. We typically order one creative pancake as an appetizer for the table. That's the way to start for sure.

Then spin the wheel on the menu because it's all fresh made and sourced from quality vendors that they include on the menu. All kinds of eggs Benedict which are another favorite of so many. 

This has quickly become a family favorite! Thanks Snooze for being there!"
"I write this review in the vain hopes that they'll expand to Seattle!.  Having patronized several of their locations in Colorado, I was so excited to see them open up only a few miles from my previous downtown home.  To be honest, I've only ever eaten their Benedict, but it's just that good!  Please, please, please, expand to the Northwest!"
"Let's be real for moment.. This spot has the best benny's in Phoenix. I haven't been to any of the other locations, but if they're as good as this one (camelback), you can't go wrong. The staff is incredibly friendly, and ALL the food is legit."
"Best breakfasts ever!  Gluten free pancakes, friendly staff, always a treat to eat here!"
"Server was Charles he was very pleasant, polite and attentive to my wife and I. We had the Oreo pancakes and breakfast burrito. I must say I was skeptical of the pancakes but they were good."
"Very good food, love the selection, I hate the wait but can't really help it. Good environment, fun."
"It is always busy, don't arrive starving. Bar is first come. Food is great, love their renditions of Eggs Benedict, I also enjoyed their light Frittata. We went everyday when we were in Phoenix."
"One hour wait, but worth it! Come hungry, servings are big. The only thing, our bacon was slightly burnt, but will return next time we are in town again!"
"A bit disappointed with this place - menu seemed so awesome, I thought they might have a shot at dethroning Butter's as my breakfast favorite in Phoenix.

Alas, it wasn't to be.  The benny we had was good but not great, and the pancake flight underwhelmed.  Pineapple upside down pancake was watery and the sweet potato pancake didn't have any sweet potato taste at all.  And my lord the ginger butter was way over the top.  Also, their hash browns look pretty but are a pile of mush.  Boo...

Place seemed trendy and most folks were sipping mimosas and bloody Mary's.  Maybe that's our mistake, this one's for hair of the dog not great eats."
"Wooooooow! Must stop for breakfast!!! It can get really busy so try to come early! 

Harvest Benny - out of this world! I am in love. So unique with the poached eggs sitting ontop of these cheesy quinoa cakes. I loved it. 

Gluten free chocolate chip pancakes - 10/10! 
Fluffy and tasty!! So grateful for gluten free options! 

Also their home fries are soooooo good."
"Not impressed...  twice!

Service is good, coffee isn't bad... however the food wasn't up to par.   I had the blueberry danish pancakes, which were dry, with ""struessel"" on top.   
The struessel was hard as a rock, pretty much tooth breaking hard.   The pancakes actually don't have a single blueberry in them!  They are lightly covered with blueberry syrup. 

I had them twice, both times unsatisfied.  First time because I ordered them, second time my friend orders them.   Bloody Mary wasn't bad.   The pretzel reuben had no flavor, and I'm pretty sure you had to pay extra to get cheese on it.    A reuben is supposed to have swiss on it already.

Anyway, go try it, it's a chain, and feels like one."
"A good friend of mine mentioned that I might really like this place. And I did really like it. The design is fashion forward. The menu is creative. And the service was pretty friendly. We waited for about 50 minutes, which seems to be on par. So we started with bloody Mary's, and one blackberry bubbler. For breakfast we had four entrées at our table. (See pics.) The waiter seemed not to know that the kitchen would do tofu scramble subbed for eggs. I would come back again but I would not wait longer than 20 minutes."
"Absolutely phenomenal food, atmosphere and customer service!!!!!! The host, wait staff, bartenders are all so fantastic! We went two days in a row it was so good!!!!!! Can't wait to go again!!!!"
"The food here is to die for!  Every time I make a trip up to Phoenix, the wife and I stop by here.  The place is clean and the service is pretty good here.  It can get packed, but you can call ahead and they even text you when your table is ready.  I get the blueberry pancakes, which are awesome.  The wife gets the pancake flight, which is a sample of three pancakes and she loves it.  Overall, it's a nice place to eat breakfast in the Valley.  Please come down to Tucson!!"
Food was subpar. Background music was so loud that I couldn't hear myself think or talk to my friends across the table. There are tons of consistently reliable breakfast places in this town. This is not one of them.
I was taken here for a birthday breakfast and I've never been to this establishment before. I had high hopes due to what I heard. When I got there the place was packed and without taking reservations we put our name down with a wait of 20-30 minutes. I didn't think that was too bad of a wait given we arrived at 9:30. We decided to look over the menu and it was nothing spectacular however I was excited to try their pancakes. Well the wait got longer and longer and eventually we got seated an hour later which to me is unacceptable. What was worse was that there were places available to sit but no server say guests there. When I ordered my hot chocolate it came in a regular glass with lots of whipped cream to were I needed a straw to even drink it but then being hot the straw bending. My food (veggie omelette and Taffy Apple pancakes where nothing out of this world. I'm glad I tried but will not return which is sad because I love breakfast!
"My family and I ate here this morning for the first time for Father's Day breakfast. I'm not sure if they are always this crowded (sounds like they are) but we were quoted at least a 75 minute wait time for a party of 4 at about 11 am... so be prepared to wait, because this place is POPULAR (and doesn't take reservations)! 

I'm not going to talk too much about the food, because it was all absolutely fantastic. I don't think there is anything that you could order here that wouldn't be delicious- my personal favorite, however, was the pineapple upside down pancake that we ordered as ""dessert""- I was disappointed that I was too full to eat the whole thing myself right then! The service was great, as well. Despite being packed to capacity, our food seemed to come out very quickly and was definitely still fresh!

We ate inside because of the weather, but there were quite a few people outside on the patio. I walked through the patio to get out to the parking lot though, and it was pretty miserably hot. It didn't look like they have misters, or if they do they weren't on. Any other time of the year I would suggest the lovely patio, but I recommend skipping it for the summer, unless you're into that sort of thing.

A special thanks to our server, Meghan. She truly helped to make Father's Day special for my dad!"
"I love breakfast and this place was delicious. I love the pancake flight by far! They had a double chocolate on their flavor of the day and was by far my favorite. They get a minus star because I ordered sausage links on the side, and there was an eyelash or eye brow of some sort. Yes, I know it happens, but totally grosses me out. Asides from that incident, don't go late morning on the weekend. Gets super busy! They have decent outdoor seating, could use landscape upgrade, but all in all, good for big  or small groups and those with special diets."
"Probably the best breakfast spot in phx! Always so good! Friendly service and amazing food! The only downside is that it is always busy so it can be hard to get a table but you can normally snag bar seats if you don't mind that! 
The corned beef hash is my favorite thing it's what really keeps me coming back! 
And I also love to see and try their featured pancakes!"
"Not real impressed. When you go here don't be hungry. By the time you get your food, you will be. Once our food came it was cold. I watched 2 women near us waiting for their food as long as we did. They screwed up their order 3 times. On the bright side the tea was good except they over charged us for it. This was my 2nd time here. Doubt there will be a third"
Lots of creative breakfast and brunch options that taste as good as they sound! We will be back!
"I always enjoy the pancakes with Sunnyside up eggs and sitting on the patio with my doggie. I eat breakfast at Snooze about twice to 3 times a month. It's fantastic and the service is always quick and friendly. I've had all different pancakes, sweet potato, blueberry, Carmel with nuts. I sometimes get a Spanish egg thing or the eggs benedict which are both truly fantastic. Sometimes the waiters remember what I ordered last time which is so helpful. It's just a great place that I give a 20 on a scale from 1 to 10."
"Jam packed on a Friday morning during the last week of Spring Training.  The restaurant is located in a mall, but malls are big down here in AZ.  Waited 45 minutes.
Our server was really positive and smiled a lot.  We had 7 adults and 2 toddlers and it worked out perfect.  Everyone liked their food.  We friends love going to Snooze so we will go back!"
Delicioussssss!!!!! I got the Benny Duo with Ham Benedict and the Chilaquiles!! They were both really good but I definitely LOVED the chilaquiles Benedict!!! So amazingggg! And the service was awesome!!! Definitely recommend this place.
"My uncle recommended this place. It took me a minute to find since he said it was next to the Nordstrom, but it's actually next to a Nordstrom Rack (the word Rack is all you can see from the road). We finally found the place around 10:30 am but it was packed with a 20 min wait to sit inside. But it was still only 90° so we sat outside. If you sit outside make sure to go around the side where the misters are. Coming from the east coast I consider myself a bit of an eggs Benedict aficionado and these were some of the best I have ever had. In addition the service was excellent, no small compliment coming from me. I never waited for a refill or wanted anything, every time I needed something there was a server already asking me if they could help."
"Decent food, but nothing out of the ordinary. Server was nice. Helped us out with a couple recommendations.

Overall, I would say most people come here for the brand more so than than the food. Price is a bit on the higher side for what you're getting in my opinion, but not bad by any means."
"If you're going to Snooze, get there about an hour before you plan on being hungry. The wait is crazy. We have tried to go 2 prior times and was advised of waits in excess of 75 minutes... For eggs!? Needless to say, we didn't wait. 

We arrived today and only had to wait for 35 minutes, which seemed reasonable given the other wait experiences. 

We were seated and noticed the decor to be nice and the service to be friendly. The food was good, albeit smaller portion than I expected for $11.50. The Bloody Mary was a little blah, nothing special and the coffee was decent.  It was good. Not great. 

I will be back... Depending on the wait."
This place has very good food! The problem is that occasionally it can get very busy and it can be hard to get service. Other than that snooze is a good breakfast place but it may not be very quick.
"This was a new place for me to try.  Probably not coming back. Wait, no, I'm definitely NOT coming back.  I had the Breakfast Pot Pie. Nope, you can't call that a pot pie. Now, I've had pot pies in my time at other places and they're were actual pies. This was a square piece of pastry with a bit of something that tried to be a gravy. And it wasn't hot. Absolutely no taste at all. It was boring. Even the Tabasco was tasting like it was watered down. Who does that?  So no, I wasn't impressed with the food......at all. Service was great tho. That's all."
Absolutely delicious brunch on the patio basking in the sun and greatly enjoyed French toast and Benedict's. Everything our table ordered had was amazing! Our server went above and beyond as we didn't have any pancakes and she ordered one for us to try! Such hospitality!! We will be back!!
"I see why there is a 45 minute wait!  I had the pot pie and it was great with creamy sausage gravy on it.  Nice amounts of sausage with the flaky crust (not sure how it stayed flaky the whole time!) 

Service was excellent, attentive, and quick. Even though we had to wait, they apologized for the delay though we expected it considering how many people there were. All in all a great experience with good unique food!  

Be aware that the menu is limited and doesn't offer all things typical at a breakfast place, such as skillets, but you can customize to your hearts content.

If you are waiting, go hang out in the back of the restaurant. They will text you when your table is almost ready.  You can also go hang out at Whole Foods or Trader Joe's."
"On a visit to Arizona we stumbled upon this great breakfast joint.

Great Lattes and that says a lot coming from this loyal Starbucks gal.

My husband also raves about the hash and eggs.

Personally I like the yogurt and granola.

It's a great place for breakfast on the patio.

Also has a really cool and different menu of bloody Mary's-didn't try one but they looked good."
"Oh Snooze how we love thee!!! Everything was absolutely wonderful! We waited a while before we got seated however I can see why this place is so popular. My husband had the ""Pancake Flight"" where he got the OMG French Toast, Pineapple Pancake and Apple Pie Pancake... Seriously AMAZING. I got the simple 3-egg breakfast... EVERYTHING was cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this place."
"Let's start by saying that I am an egg Benedict nerd.  I love nothing more than a perfectly poached egg and a solid hollandaise, any flavor hollandaise for that matter as long as it is rich, creamy, and made from scratch.  Snooze has got it!! 6 different types of Benedict!! I was in heaven!  My fiancé had the corned beef hash which was more corned beef than hash which I greatly appreciated.  The gazpacho Bloody Mary and Bangkok Bloody Mary were awesome, great house Bloody Mary mix and you call it vodka.  Did I mention that I am a Bloody Mary nerd as well!! All around solid place. The atmosphere is retro hip yet still being a very comfortable environment.  I will have many more visits here. I left one star out for the service.  It was not incredibly attentive but not unfriendly."
"BEST BRUNCH in Phoenix?! Yes x100!

Brunch is my favorite meal ever and I don't take it lightly. The same goes for my husband. We've read tons of Phoenix articles and searched on Yelp, trying to find the best brunch spots. Snooze would occasionally appear on our search. Most Saturdays, we like to take full advantage of sleeping in on the weekends, after busy work weeks. We would hit snooze on our alarms and ironically never make it on time to Snooze the restaurant haha. It's closes at 2:30 pm. You know the best brunch places close early.

So FINALLY we got up early in the morning, got errands and cleaning done, with enough time to check out Snooze an AM Eatery. And let me tell you, this has to be one of the best brunch experiences we've ever had!

I'm from Los Angeles, so I've had my fair share of great brunches. Snooze has made it to my top 3 now.

DRINKS --
There is a great selection of unique drinks!
We had the Dirty Drunken Chai and it was so good.
We drink dirty chais weekly, so an alcoholic version of a chai latte made our weekend.
Also, we had to try the mimosas - pomegranate and cherry. Pomegranate was better, in my opinion. Not a big fan of cherry flavor. But for cherry lovers, I'm sure it'd be tasty.

FOOD --
The food is soooo delicious!

My husband had the corn beef hash and loved it. He had something to say every time he took a bite, like, 
""this is the best corn beef I've ever had... 
best tortillas... soooo good.""

I had the chile verde benedict - with soyrizo for my meat, avocado instead of eggs, and vegan** hash browns! 
+ side of black beans (big portion for a side too)

**FYI vegans - the hash browns are not vegan, but they'll gladly cook a non-dairy version for customers. I'm so glad our server let us know in advance that they weren't vegan and offered a vegan version.
Yay, a vegan friendly restaurant that doesn't make you feel bad for making vegan modifications!!

Also, we had the 3 pancake sampler!
Peanut butter, mocha, sweet potato pancakes.
Sometimes eating normal size pancakes is too much and makes you feel bloated. But these were the perfect size
to share, try different flavors and fulfill a pancake craving.

SERVICE --
P-h-e-n-o-m-e-n-a-l !
And fast! Our drinks and food came out quick.
Most of all, our server was Nikki and she was the BEST!!
She was so genuine, personable, friendly, and kind. If there's anyone that knows the art of customer service in the restaurant industry, it would definitely be her.
This lovely woman deserves a raise or a promotion (and employee of the month - we nominate her!), 
because she knows customer service like no other.
Nikki made my husband and I feel so comfortable and right at home. Because of her and the superb brunch food, we will be back and want to be usuals!

Thank you SO much to Nikki for the amazing, 5 star customer service!! And to Snooze for the wonderful brunch!"
One of my favorite breakfast places! Great selection for anyone. But BRING BACK THE CHILAQUILES BENNY!!!!!
"Best breakfast we've had in Phoenix for its' price range! We tried 7 kinds of pancakes with a ""Pancake Flight"" for each of us, plus a special house pancake called ""Sinner's Delight"" that blends maple and bacon. 

Also gave homage to the Chillaquera Benedict and breakfast tacos, including the house hash browns. Topped it all off with the Socialist Pig and Rocky Mountain Mule cocktails, along with a cup of their delicious coffee. 

Literally everything we had was beyond delicious. The atmosphere is great, the service is friendly, and the food is fantastic. Definitely worth the wait!"
"Don't eat at this snooze if you have any allergies. I have celiac disease, and they have made me extremely sick TWICE by being careless and giving me regular pancakes. I even ordered the second time with their manager because of my first experience. This location is awful."
"5 stars for the food, 2 stars for the experience.  Average it out to 3.5 and round down to 3 because the bathroom setup annoyed me so much and that's pretty much where Snooze is at.  We live pretty much across the street and had been meaning to try Snooze for a while, and actually tried to go on several occasions but the extreme wait time and my extreme hunger usually led us elsewhere.  But this time we had some shopping to do at Nordstrom Rack and figured we would put our names on the list beforehand and finally see what kind of culinary masterpieces this place is churning out to warrant up to a 2 hour wait time in an area with about a million other brunch options.

We arrived Sunday at around 11:00 AM. They gave us a 45-60 minute wait time and I was actually impressed with how accurate it was.  We did some shopping at got a couple drinks at Grassroots next door (yes we pre-gamed brunch) and all in all it was fine.  Let it be known that this review is in no way affected by the long wait time to GET a table.  I get that there are only so many places we can all sit in a popular restaurant, and I'm more than happy that they are bringing people to Town & Country which, sidenote, does anyone remember when the only reason you went there was Trader Joe's and My Sister's Closet? Shit cray.

However, what irked me is once you get inside you kind of realize WHY the table wait is so long, and it's not necessarily because they're popular.  It's because they are SO slow at bringing your food out they appear to have the table turnover of a strip club on Christmas Eve.  Lance and got on the list at 11:19, got our text that our table was ready at 12:11.  By 1:00 we still had not received our food which consisted of eggs benedict, pancakes, and a breakfast burrito.  WHAT exactly was the hold up? I get that they are busy but isn't that the point of the entry throttle? Did they just not build a kitchen big enough to serve the restaurant at full capacity? Because I've been to much bigger restaurants with much more varied menus and waited about half the time as this place, and this is WITHOUT the hour-long long wait to even get seated.  

Then I used the bathroom and it all became clear.  Let me paint a picture: The bathroom has two stalls. It only has one sink.  By putting two stalls in the bathroom, it is implied that Snooze expected that, at least some of the time, they will both be in use, and by only putting one sink it is also expected that, at least some of the time, there will be a line for the sink.  Fine, we'll wait (again).  However...this sink isn't your average hand washing  station.  This is a hand washing AND drying station.  So right after you're done washing your hands, you stand in the exact same spot (you know, the spot where the person behind you that was in the other stall is waiting to wash their hands) and proceed to dry your hands with air dryers that stay on for about 3 seconds and have all the power of a battery operated necklace fan, hereby making it THE MOST INEFFICIENT BATHROOM OF ALL TIME.  If this is how they approach their bathroom, I can only imagine that their kitchen consists of a breakfast burrito station that can only be used once someone is done making waffles, a pancake griddle that doubles as a bacon skillet, and a fry cook who also busses tables and manages the restaurant's Twitter account.  Point being that no breakfast restaurant should take 45+ minutes to make food and there is likely some process improvement that could be put in place to reduce both the food wait AND the table wait, which was the main cause of the 2 star overall experience.

I will say the food was very, very good.  I got the Late Harvest Benny, which is interestingly served on Polenta rather than biscuits. I love polenta so I was all about it.  I also got a bite of several of the pancake flavors (we split a flight) which were all pretty fantastic.  I know they are new, and if they ever get their shit together enough so there is less than a two hour span between getting on the wait list and paying my bill, I'll definitely come back.  I really hope they do."
"I'm big on breakfast/bunch places, and this is the PLACE! You Gias, really need to stop by if you're in the area! 

It seems to be always packing with people, was here on a Friday morning and it was packed! I was by myself so it wasn't hard to seat me, but if you're a part of two or more, expect a wait. 

Pancake flights: highly recommend so you can try all their pancakes! I got the lemon poppy, unsidedown pineapple, and chocolate peanut butter. My personal FAV is the lemon poppy that came with a mascarpone lemon butter. It was the right amount of sweetness and the lemon add a little zest to the pancakes! It's the only one I actually finished! The pineapple was okay, nothing spectacular. The chocolate peanut butter was so rich I wish I'd orders a glass of milk! Though I couldn't finished I Togo it! Can't let good food go to waste! 

Benny Benedict: which lets you mix and match the egg Benedict's (extra charge if you wanna get the steak Benedict) I got the pulled pork and salmon. Both were amazing! I really like the pulled pork (forgot the name) but it came with salsa on the side and it was sooooo good! Also their hash browns is amazing! I'm personally not a big fan, not I finished all my hash browns. It was crispy outside and all over. 

If I was in town longer I would definitely come back!"
"Went in today for the first time time with coworkers. Everyone was happy with their food and service! The only feedback that I got was that the sausages were too salty and the bacon tasted like plastic, but besides that everything was great! The other good thing is gat it's open so early! Super beneficial to those that start at 7 or 8am their workdays."
"This review is based solely on wait times and service:  We've been excited to try Snooze for a few weeks now so decided to have Sunday brunch there today.
 
The place is cute and I'm glad to see Town & Country getting some love.  The menu is great; the ability to customize is a nice feature, and the full bar is a necessity in this town.  All of these things are favorable.  Breakfast is a big deal in Phoenix and the competition is fierce, with a lot of time-tested favorites within 5 minutes of this place.

We didn't stick around after I stood in a line for 10 minutes only to be told that we would have to wait another 45 minutes to be seated.  Sorry Snooze, this is a deal-breaker for me.  I'm sure you'll find this out as it heats up.  With so many great dining choices in town, the service has to start the minute the customer arrives.  We don't HAVE to wait.  The 10-minute ""pre"",wait just adds insult to injury.

I really wanted to be knocked out by you but don't think I'll try you again until the service and wait time gets WAY better."
"Great food, great bold choices. Staff is usually always friendly and very helpful! They have a unique collection of breakfast cocktails to spike up the morning! Although the space seems small- ""the best packages are small packages""! Well worth the wait and great spot for a date ! Pretty hipster for breakfast. Stop in and try some of their unique drills."
Stumbled upon Snooze in Boulder and now make it a point to hit them up anytime I'm in a city that has one and I need breakfast! Their pancake creations are worth the indulgence every time!
Always great food. Always quick service. My favorite breakfast place. Good music good vibes and great Columbian coffee to get your day started off. Staff is full of energy.
"The first time I had Snooze was in San Diego, so when it finally opened here I had to see how it compared. Just as amazing as I remembered it and just as busy! 

My boyfriend and I were able to get in and out quickly by eating at the bar Sunday morning. 

I will have to try the pineapple upside down pancake next time. Last time, I branched out from decadent pancakes and tried the breakfast tacos + chorizo. So yummy!"
food ok and overpriced .. service good .. trendy place thats about it ... cute waitresses get 2 stars
"Came here for lunch, glad I did. The wait staff here looks to be having fun. They take the time to make you feel you are special. I have the cornbread hash liked it a lot. I'll be back when in the area again."
OMG in general describes the food here! We were in town for a few days and now have eaten here 2x. (We tried for 3 but the wait on a Sunday was ~60 min.The servers and hosts/hostesses are to notch too. Well worth the wait to get in. Highly recommend. Enjoy!
"Waited a good fifteen minutes to be acknowledged and offered coffee. Not a good start  over medium eggs were over light. I did not eat, nor complain, however I think attentive server should have noticed.  Pineapple upside down pancake was superb.  Tacos could of had more chorizo overall not bad.   Cool interior.  Servers friendly but a bit aloof"
"Brunch at Snooze never disappoints. I've eaten at this location countless times over the past couple years. It's by far my favorite location. (I had to take off a star for the crazy wait times, though that is expected at all the locations.) The wait is always long, typically at least an hour or longer. If you plan ahead and go after 10am though, you can wander next door to Nordstrom Rack while you wait. No downside there. Or, go early and beat the rush. It is always worth the wait though.

The Spuds Deluxe is a killer stack of hashbrowns that you can load up with all your favorite things, bacon, green chile, cheese, whatever makes you happy. I could eat their gravy with a spoon, so the Pot Pie is a favorite as well. The different Benedict options are pretty amazing as well. My current favorite is whichever one comes with the killer balsamic reduction. 

For sweet options, a pancake flight is a great way to try several things at once. Although, be warned most of them are solid desserts and the pancake of the day is typically the sweetest. The basic French toast (isn't really all that basic) it's my favorite thing in the sweet category. 

Basically, you can't go wrong with Snooze, just plan a full morning for your brunch and don't expect to be hungry for lunch later."
Awesome breakfast place with a laid back casual atmosphere but super nice food. My wife and I split the pot pie and Bella Bella Bennys twice. Both are great choices.
"Love this place. Was a Busy brunch- waked in past the lines to open seats at the bar. Strong tasty drinks, amazing fresh food. Service so fast and experienced. Best service staff Ive seen in a long time."
"The food is a 4 star, bordering on 5. Gluten free pancakes of all varieties, which is awesome. Decor and cleanliness, 5 stars.  However, it is so loud in here, it's almost unbearable. The music was loud, so people were talking louder....uuuggghh. I'm here for breakfast, not to feel like I'm at a bar. Speaking of drinks, the soda was gross, completely flat and I never got a new one, I had to get iced tea instead. That should be a simple fix, but apparently not. Service was slow, but the waitress was very nice. 
I've been to the one in Denver multiple times, so I was very excited when it came here. I'll give it a few months before I come back so they can work out the kinks."
"Came here for the first time today with my boyfriend & we have to say...this is probably one of our new favorite brunch spots. First off, wait is ridiculous. We arrived around 11:00am & wait was about 60-75 mins for 2 people...crazy! We put our name down & went on some errands. They'll text you 5 mins before your table is ready. I got the text, checked in & for some reason waited an additional 20 mins. Apparently they forgot about us so we asked to be seated at the bar. To make up for the wait they gave us a free giant caramel apple pie pancake...it was insanely yummy. I'm not a fan of Apple pie but I would order this pancake again. For cocktails we ordered the spicy Bloody Mary (with habanero & jalepeno infused vodka) & spicy gazpacho Bloody Mary (with cucumber, garlic & bell pepper infused vodka). Both were delicious! As for food, we ordered the chilaquiles Benedict & Bella Bella Benny Benedict (with proscuitto, arugula & balsamic glaze). Food & flavors were incredible! Everything on their food & drink menus are unique & there's a good variety of brunch items. The girls at the bars were super nice & attentive and the restaurant has a cool, hip, trendy vibe/atmosphere. Would definitely come back to try other brunch items & would recommend it to our friends...just have to keep in mind of the crazy wait time."
"You can also have Mexican food for breakfast at Snooze, for those that wish to have exclusively Mexican food while in the Southwest, but the menu is broad and delicious. We ate outside on the patio (although it is a little chilly for some of the locals outside in the morning in February), enjoyed great service. We didn't take advantage of the full bar, but loved that they have it: I had the regular drip decaf coffee, not expecting it to be as robust as I make my own, but was happily surprised: it rocked!  You could even sit at the bar for breakfast, which a number of people were doing.  It is fragrant with breakfast smells and has the hum of a successful enterprise beloved by its patrons."
"I meant to write this review earlier but I am just waking up from the breakfast induced coma caused by this place.  I'm going to start eating here at night as a means to address my insomnia.  Great creative menu, good execution, and some of the best benedict in town.  Just don't eat here prior to any important meetings or events."
"Serious kudos for the staff here. Our waitress was so sweet and brought us a 'sample' of something my mom saw on the menu but wasn't sure if she wanted to order as her meal. The rest of the staff was friendly and the food was good! Lots of creative breakfast choices plus traditional favorites. 

Obviously this place is a hit so the earlier you go the less likely you'll have to wait."
"Good - I like the decor. The staff seated us quickly. The menu has some very tasty items. 

Bad - no paper towels in the men's restrooms. Makes a person wonder about the staff hygiene issues...

Asked for a straw with my water & got a condescending ""we try to conserve"" from the server. She never produced the straw...had ask another staff member & he produced them with them in his bare hands. Gross! 

Coffee was good but could have enjoyed more without all of the coffee grinds at the bottom of my cup...grr! Mentioned it to my server...only got a apology.  Any manger will tell that coffee should have been comped...

Sausage was cold.  While portions were adequate, it didn't make up for the poor service."
"Pretty good, but holy cow is everything loaded with sugar. I like the different flavored pancakes etc but they're almost difficult to eat because the sugar overpowers the flavor of anything else. The wait is usually pretty long, too."
"Went there recently for a late morning breakfast during the week.   Had to wait a bit for a table, which is no problem.   I had the blueberry danish double pancakes and he had the snooze classic.   My favorite pancake is blueberry.  They were light and fluffy with a light blueberry compote drizzle over the top.   There was a sweet I don't know what on the inside of a portion of one of the pancakes.   I'm not sure what it was, but if a small part of it is eaten with the other parts of the pancakes, it cuts down on the too sweet flavor.   I tried his hash browns and bacon.   Yumm on the hash browns.   The bacon was thick and crisp, just the way I like bacon.   I believe it had sort of a smokey flavor.   I would definitely return."
"Quinoa hot cereal and eggs Benedict were to die for! Our waitress was so accommodating as she allowed me to combine my eggs benedict with two different kinds as I could not decide between the Bella Bella and the Benny Goodman. So they gave me one of each so that was great! 

Great coffee, great patio seating, and just great food!"
"I have been wanting to try this place for sooooo long. Just needed someone to get up early on a Sunday and come with! It was after noon when we arrived (Sorry, I hate mornings!) and it was quite busy but there is a lot of seating so the wait time was expected to be only 20-30 minutes. We opted to sit at the bar instead where you can select off their Breakfast Cocktail menu (whaaaaa???) and enjoy dining there instead of having to wait. The morning cocktails are nothing less of fabulous. Traditional mimosas OR, one's with pineapple juice, or with tequila instead of OJ and then each one has a little special twist to it. Ours were very blah and mostly just juice so I asked the bartender to add more alcohol. She did so that was nice. Her service unfortunately was not so hot. She just seemed like she didn't want to be there and that we were just a nusiance to her for the most part. We had to remind her and wait quite a while to get water that we asked for and to place an order. I would have rated it higher based on the food and drinks but the service was just less than mediocre. So then I go right to, well I can just go to TC Eggington's or BLD for great food and at least the service is typically friendlier. I would probably go again if in that area but I can't see going out of my way. The breakfast menu itsef was pretty impressive and I went with the OMG french toast but it didn't blow me away. Not quite as much flavor and sweetness I was expecting but still a very nice dish. He ordered the Benny Goodman which was an open faced breakfast sandwich with poached egg and salmon and asked for sauces/accompaniments on the side. Not something I would ever want to have but he seemed to like it. It's a nice place. Great area. You can browse around the Rack or hop over to Biltmore to shop after. But I am big on being treated like you want me there and want me to come back and they, I can honestly say, did not!"
"This place is awesome! I've been here twice now and both experiences have been great. The wait is a little long on the weekends but it's well worth it, as the menu selections are out of this world. They use free-range eggs, there are lots of vegetarian options, and they have amazing breakfast cocktails. I highly recommend the breakfast scramble, which you kind of create yourself, as you get to select the fillings. The tortilla option is tasty (I think they're made in-house). On top of that, the pancakes are honestly the best I've ever had! I've only tried the cinnamon roll ones so far but they are so unbelievably delicious - I've never had any pancakes that come close to the ones at Snooze. Great customer service on top of it all - a fabulous place!"
"The popularity of this place is baffling. The 30-40 minute waits are absurd. The pancakes are cakey, dry and crusty -- yes you read that correctly.  Their consistency reminded me of low quality gluten-free pancakes, so possibly my order was incorrectly prepared.  Serving temps were luke warm. The house music was strangely evocative of  a club atmosphere -- 9:00 am Friday morning?  All in all, a wholly underwhelming experience."
"This place is amazing.  We went here on a recommendation from a friend who loved it in Colorado, and trust me people it's worth it!  Almost every Friday you can bet that we are there eating the 3 egg scramble, the breakfast burrito (the husband's fave) and whatever pancake we argue over because it's hard to pick one!  The best thing by far though is their pancakes (and this is coming from a french toast gal).  Go for the sweet potato pancake, your taste buds will thank you for it!"
"It's breakfast.  Snooze turns it into a special meal.  Great menu, great service, great decor, great everything - except the wait.  I have never been to Snooze - weekend or weekday when I didn't have to wait at least 15 minutes - over an hour on weekends.  But I wait cause it's worth it.  I'm not one for the sweet pancakes though they are delicious.  I love the spuds with lots of fillings and a poached egg on top.  The benedict with the lox is killer good.  Go often - try everything!  I'm only giving four stars cause I hate the wait."
"Recently tried this place out on a trip to Phoenix - it did not disappoint!

Service was fantastic.  Obviously this can always depend on the server you have but mine was fantastic - friendly, professional and certainly did a good job at selling me on the ""pancake of the day"" - a chocolate chip pancake with strawberry sauce.  

Coffee was pretty good.  Refills were free and they came back often asking if I wanted some more.

The place was busy (on a Monday morning at 10:30am... I would hate to see what a weekend lineup was like?!).  There was a bit of a wait but since I was by myself I got right in at the patio bar table. 

Would recommend for anyone looking for a good brunch option!"
"Great food, nice atmosphere. 
This is a breakfast bar with with a retro, healthy, save the planet attitude.
Food is not super healthy, but you can coordinate your own style if needed. 
Taps and bottles all Over the breakfast bar make his a trendy red eye joint perfect for your morning after recovery.  ?"
"Snooze is close to home, I've eaten there a few times.  It teeters on the edge of 4 stars, but doesn't quite achieve it.

Firstly...  As a proprietor, they need to get in touch with Town & Country management.  There is no reason diners should have to listen to a leaf blower for 10 minutes when we're trying to relax with the treat of Sunday breakfast out.  The building was designed thoughtfully allowing for an ""island"" effect and totally opening up so it is just a roof over head.  This doesn't work if there is a leaf blower 15 feet away.

On to the latte.  The latte mug is not a traditional shape, and does not work well for a foamy beverage.  Additionally I was told that they no longer provide Sweet N Low, which is the only sweetener I can use.  I'll either have to bring my own or go somewhere else in the future.  I buy a box 1500 packets for $10 at Costco - I'm not sure why they can't.

For the meal, I chose eggs benedict with ham.  While they have about 7 varieties of eggs benedict, they do not have traditional eggs benedict.  The hollandaise sauce was unique - not bad at all but not traditional.  I would have preferred a traditional eggs benedict offering.

Overall, it is A-OK, but they could easily move to 4 stars with Sweet N Low and no leaf blower and considering having a traditional eggs benedict since they offer so many varieties."
"I love breakfast, but hate pancakes. Snooze has now changed my mind on pancakes because they're freaking amazing!! Sweet potato pancake & the cinnamon roll one are to die for! The portions are huge, which is nice to leave breakfast/brunch without already thinking of lunch. A new location just opened in Gilbert & I will be frequenting that location to get my fill of all these delicious breakfast offerings."
This is our favorite place to eat! We go out of our way for a Snooze breakfast and sometimes lunch. It's the best treat for our family!
The pancakes are always good and I love how they have a pancake special each day.  My wife loves the Bennys and the quinoa bowl is also good.  This is our go to weekend brunch place.
"My Gluten-Free boyfriend and I first tried Snooze while in San Diego and loved it. So we were incredibly excited to learn that one opened in the Valley. 

We tried to go one weekend, but the wait was too long. So, we ended up going on a Thursday. We waited a bit, but I think that's really a testament to the food.

I ordered the corned beef hash. And guys, it's real corned beef! Not out of a can, like at most places. It had a crisp to it and it was so delicious. 

My boyfriend loves it because just about everything on the menu can be made gluten-free. 

The waitress treated us to a pineapple upside down pancake (gluten-free) and wow. It was amazing.

I can't wait to come back here. Yes, there is a wait and I'd stay away from this place on the weekends. But make time one week day morning. You won't regret it."
Super high energy vibe and super loud joint. Service was mediocre. The food is really good though! Definite noms
"We walked to Snooze from home with our dog this am to try it for the first time.  My wife was VERY excited and had been talking about it for weeks.  Although they were busy, we left our name and they asked for a cell# in order to text us when our table was ready.  What a great idea and why isn't everyone doing this???  The hostess said about ten minutes and was spot on.  We sat on the patio where our dog was not only welcomed but doted on and brought fresh water.  I love anyplace that loves my pooch!  Onto breakfast!  The menu is different, very different.  Be prepared to expand your breakfast horizons and I mean that in a most awesome way!  If I were going to say anything at all negative about this place (which I'm not) it would be the ""coffee narrative"". The coffee, while good, is not worthy of the two page slightly pretentious story of how it came to be on our table.  So...I had a sweet potato pancake with pecans and caramel syrup that was like revisiting Thanksgiving only better, and two totally different, totally awesome versions of eggs Benedict.  My wife had two other versions of the Benedict and we literally wiped the plates.  I'd be here all day describing them so you'll just have to go and try it.  We will definitely be back!"
"I was excited when I found out they'd be opening a Snooze in Phoenix. They have several locations in Colorado and their breakfast is truly unparalleled in unique menu items, quality options, and healthy alternatives. Throw in the quirky/laid back atmosphere first trademarked in Denver, and you've got a recipe for a pretty kickin am eatery!! 

The food I could write about--and drool over--all day. Their pancake flights are a MUST. Far too many great choices, in addition to their awesome daily specials, to decide on just one type. Among my favorites are the bananutella and the pineapple upsidedown pancakes. Don't be afraid to throw in a plain ol' buttermilk either because simple is still superb! 

I have never had a server I didn't like. Apparently being welcoming, accommodating, and perfectly friendly is a hiring requirement. You know how sometimes you can just tell when employees are happy with where they work (just how you can tell when they're definitely not...)?! This is one of those places. Everyone is happy and that happiness is contagious. What an awesome place! Job well done Snooze! Thanks for moving into town!"
"Food  was fantastic, light and fresh. The gluten free pancakes are so tasty. Olivia was our server and made great recommendations. The atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable, we didn't even mind waiting. We will be back!"
"AMAZING!!

Pineapple mimosas started off the morning right. Hubby got the corned beef and hash, and I got the Benny Duo (Bella and Chilaquila). Both were SOOOO good. Hubs asked if I wanted a bite of his, and I said no... only because I didn't want to share mine!

Everything on the menu looked so so good. Definitely will go back there next time we're in AZ."
"Visiting Phoenix and this was a solid find.  My only complaint is the wait.  When it is 100 degrees out, a wait is brutal.  I would highly encourage them to figure out how to make more space inside for waiting.  

Food was good, drinks were great.  Just hard to enjoy to fullest when you are sweating because ya gotta eat outside.  Thank god for misters!  Add a fan and the patio is tolerable and you can focus on the food."
"Delicious. Worth the wait. Great place for breakfast or brunch with friends or family. Fun environment. I had the Nutella and banana pancakes bacon, eggs, and hash browns. Friendly staff. Very clean and great seating areas."
"Currently sitting outside on my ""twenty minute"" wait that turned into well over an hour. Hope the food is really Good!"
"I've been here several times and every time I've been treated perfectly and serviced with the best breakfast/brunch in the Arizona. The service is great, the food is fantastic, and the vibe perfect. I've never had a bad experience. This is a must go to place."
"If you haven't tried this breakfast spot you're missing out. Beside you might have to wait before getting in, this place is worth the wait. The staff is attentive and the concept is amazing."
"Pros: what a cute cute cute place to eat breakfast. Perfect day to eat breakfast on the patio. Good services. 

Cons: long wait. Luckily we were able to explore the Trader Joe's and Whole Foods in the same shopping complex."
"After glancing at some reviews, I wondered if they were talking about the same place. First off, my Diet Coke was flat! I ordered one pancake, which was cold, and was given a tiny container of syrup that didn't cover even half the cake. My husband ordered eggs, bacon, and hash browns. The hash browns had SO MANY ONIONS you couldn't taste the potatoes. He wasn't given enough jelly to cover even one piece of his toast. We had been looking forward to eating at this establishment, but will NOT BE RETURNING. ( music so loud that we could barely converse)"
"A variety of benedicts to choose from and delish pancake varieties. 

Corned beef hash is tasty, traditional eggs benedict is nothing great, but the salmon version is excellent. PB Cup pancake boasts fab peanutbutter flavor with a home-made PB drizzle."
"The food here is amazing. Eggs Benedict are my favorite, you get two, and I really like that you can mix and match the flavors in one order. The loaded hash browns are good, and they have fun cocktails for Sunday brunch."
"This is my second time at Snooze and I absolutely love how light the breakfast meals are. 

I ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie and the OMG French Toast. Although the pot pie was cream-based, the pairing with a light flaky pastry makes the whole portion light and airy. The flavoring is just right - not too salty.

The OMG French Toast was a much smaller portion than expected but it was amazing! The level of sweetness for the sauce is similar to those of condense milk. 

Overall, I enjoyed the both breakfast picks, maybe more so for the French Toast since I have a thing for sweet breakfast."
"Went to this establishment on a Sunday, was busy as I expected because I read reviews. We were a party of two and told the wait would be 30-40 mins but we waited only like 15 mins because someone didn't return for their seat on time , score!! So we started with the peach bellinis and we weren't too thrilled with those, due to the heavy presence of basil. I ordered the pineapple upside down pancakes, sausage, and eggs scrambled with cheese. My friend ordered the basic French toast, as well as a breakfast taco. The food was amazing the pancakes were delicious and the sausage patty was the best I've  ever had. My friend devoured everything while my meal could honestly feed two, so of course I couldn't eat it all! I can't wait to visit this place over and over again to try everything on the menu."
"I am such a fan! I have been to several Snooze locations in both Arizona and California, and I have to say that this location is probably my favorite. The food is outstanding but the service is even better. Our server, Dre, had the most contagious positive energy! She's an absolute angel!"
Snooze is so good. Very high quality ingredients and presentation. A wide variety of choices and gluten free options!!! A long wait sometimes especially on weekends but the food is worth it.
"I really loved this place. Decor was cute and the food was fantastic (I had two types of the various eggs benedict offerings...both amazing). I would just recommend to the owners to not have seating so close to the ping-pong table. Although I personally could handle the sound of the table, my mom became annoyed. Also, people were constantly asking us to pick up wayward ping-pong balls that had rolled underneath our table. Next time, I will make sure we ask for a table somewhere far away. But, that said, can't wait to go back. :-)"
"Really great place for breakfast or brunch, but it's really loud in there! I went in with my mom for the first time a few weeks ago and the music was so loud that it was difficult for us to talk to each other. And at 8 AM in the morning I really don't need loud music anyway. The food was great and the service was wonderful and I might go back once it cools off and I can sit outside but the loudness inside may keep me from going there in the future."
"Was in the area and googled ""Breakfast near me.""  Lots to choose from on the menu. I went with the Eggs Benedict III. Excellent choice that hit the spot. Everything was on point, fresh, just right and tasty. Will come again!"
"Best Eggs Benedict that I have ever tried!

The winners are: Chile Verde and Chilaquiles Benedicts!

They have majorly cute Winnie the Pooh look alike tiny honey pots of espresso! Good!

Super cute atmosphere.
Great service.
A bit of a wait to get seated but its ok cause I just went down the plaza to Nordstrom rack to shop while I waited. They text/call you when you're table is ready."
"Our favorite breakfast place in Phoenix by far. Responsibly sourced ingredients, fantastic friendly wait staff, and consistently excellent food. Never had an ""off day"" here. Modern retro decor and this place is always buzzing. Always a wait to get in on the weekends because everyone knows how great it is, totally worth it. I don't even blink if they say it going to be 45 mins or more, although usually we get in quicker than they estimate. This is THE place we bring our out of town guests for breakfast and it always impresses. I'm currently on a Spuds Deluxe kick but I also enjoy the Sandwich I Am, breakfast burrito is also excellent and my girlfriend is always thinking about the sweet potato pancake."
"Now HERE is were the benny's are at. Perfectly poached eggs, a killer hollandaise sauce, and enough variety of flavors for you to mix and match.  You get two bennys and hash browns per order. The portions look small when the plates arrive, but they will definitely fill you up.  Granted, my friend and I also got a plate of pancakes to share along with his own entree. And our mimosas. And beermosas (With FRESH OJ, mind you. I loathe minute maid and concentrate junk). But it's ok because their prices aren't outrageous like some other bfast spots so you can go ahead and order whatever the heck you want. The spuds were great although a little carb heavy. The pancakes have a nice crispy exterior and a smooth fluffy interior. This probably will be my go-to breakfast joint!

Food is definitely worth the wait. Just anticipate that when timing your arrival and estimated eat time. Plus there's nordstrom rack, trader joes, and whole foods for you to peruse while waiting for the text saying your table is almost ready."
"Boom! Amazing breakfast burrito! Fresh squeezed OJ! Yum! So many things on the menu I wanted to try, too few days in my trip to Phoenix."
"My wife and I came here on a Wednesay to have brunch. This quickly became one of my top choices for brunch in Phoenix or scottsdale. Still a little too busy for mid week dining, but we were seated in less than 5 minutes. Egg Benedicts and pancakes are their specialty and you can mix different types. If you ask for their pancakes they'll bring you one for free. Overall great experience and highly recommended."
"Snooze is consistently awesome. Food - beverages - service...

The only downfall is that your food almost always hits the table before a glass of water and/or your coffee does.

Not sure if that's a big deal to everyone. I'm just normally thirsty AF."
"Yummy!!! I had heard about Snooze for a couple years and tried to stop by a couple times at the Colorado location, but the wait was always too long. We came here on a Sunday morning and although it was pretty busy, we only waited about 30 minutes or so. The service was fast and professional. Our waiter was great with recommendations and suggestions. I had the pancake sampler and the sweet potato pancakes were AMAZING! My husband had the huevos rancheros and was not disappointed. So many of the menu items looked delicious, I can't wait to come back again soon!"
I've heard a lot of great things about this place and woke up early enough to go eat breakfast before the morning rush. We got there at about 7:30am on a Saturday and was quickly greeted by the host and taken to our table. We ordered the mmm mm mimosa and Bangkok bloody mary. The mimosa was good and very tart and gave me a nice buzz. the Bangkok bloody mary was very interesting but had a lingering fish sauce taste that I think most people might not like. We ordered the OMG french toast and the Reuben and the dishes were pretty amazing! the french toast was fluffy and soft and very flavorful. the corned beef was tender and delicious and I loved the soft pretzel bun! The décor is very cute and welcoming and we will definitely come back again to try their pancakes!
"First time going, after hearing great things. Now I can confirm that everything was wonderful. Went for friend's birthday, they gave us the pineapple upside down pancake free-- which was amazing and fresh. The service was also wonderful. Our server was very well knowledged, kind, and efficient. A man who appeared to be manager, also checked in and was very nice and helpful. The eggs Benedict was unique and tasty. The items we had on the menu to eat and drink were all very good. This will now be a frequent breakfast spot for me and friends!"
"Fantastic breakfasts. Highly recommend the Snooze Spuds Deluxe - cheesy hash browns with a choice of two fillings - or the delicious Corned Beef Hash. The pancakes are out of this world! Sweet Potato is my favorite - the pancakes are topped with homemade caramel, candied pecans and ginger butter.  For the pancake-indecisive, the menu offers a flight of three flavors.  Be prepared for a long wait on weekends...the food is worth it!"
"Came here for my birthday breakfast. Had the 3 egg omelette which was amazing. The gf had the Peach Pie pankcakes, which were huge but she very much enjoyed them. Definitely coming back here in the future."
"Awesome grilled cheese with spinach, arugula, and strawberries salad and a perfect tomato soup."
"My husband and I have been trying to make it to Snooze for the last couple months after friends have raved about how delicious it is. We finally went this last Sunday and it didn't disappoint. 

First let me say if you are looking for a quick in and out breakfast this is not your place. Expect to wait. They quoted us a 90 minute wait time. They get your cell phone number and text you when you table is ready. This works out great if you want to go next door and browse around at Nordstrom Rack. They texted us in just over an hour that our table was ready. 

Service was great and the server was very knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered the Snooze spuds deluxe which was so delicious! We also ordered the pancake flight with a pineapple upside down pancake, a sweet potato pancake and a candied apple pancake. All were to die for! 

This place is definitely worth the wait and I can't wait until the one in North Scottsdale is open in Kierland!"
Great service and food as always was amazing the Bella Bella benny my favorite! My girlfriend got the Choco chip pancakes and her first time and she was satisfied!
"This is an update to my earlier, less-than-complementary review of Snooze.  I was contacted by them and agreed to give them another try.

I met up today, with a pal, for coffee and catchup The place was quite busy at 10 am on a Tuesday.  I mentioned that to the hostess and asked to be seated in a quiet spot so was taken to the back of the restaurant.  She found a tiny table for 2, which was quite close to a big table of diners.  I asked if we could sit at the table for 4 right next to it and then noticed seating outside, so decided to move out there.  Our hostess was visibly annoyed by that.

Once we settled in, the service and food were fantastic.  My friend had a yummy-looking pancake and I had Rye toast with a side of Salmon.  Our server was very nice about letting us hang out for a good long while.

So, the long and short of Snooze?

GOOD: food, wait staff, pricing, ala carte options, location, parking, super-cute decor and menus.

Could be better: noise levels and the hostess ...both of these are easy fixes with some Emotional Intelligence training. and some serious sound-dampening efforts.  

Our server DID mention that you were working on the wait times.  Still a deal breaker for me but I wish you the very best as you get it figured out.  Again, summer is almost upon us and your business is bound to suffer if you can't vastly reduce those times..

Thank you again for the opportunity to re-review, Snooze.  Keep working those kinks out!"
"I had the OMG french toast, it was beyond amazing. I would say it is the best to French toast I ever had. The service , here is excellent .thank you guys for making my morning"
Wonderful way to wake up!  Eat here for delicious breakfast finds not same old tired egg dishes.
Went to Snooze for the first time the other day.  I really like the decor in the place.  It is cute a place.  When we came in the were just 2 of us and we were greeted right away.  There were quite a few tables open and the hostess sat us a really large center table.  It was way too big for two people.  I guess we should have just asked for a different table.  Our waitress took our order and she was nice but definitely over friendly in any way.  I ordered the breakfast pot pie with a side of sausage.  The meal came in an acceptable time and the pot pie was just as described other than the fact the gravy had barely any sausage in it.  The extra sausage I ordered was one very small patty.  The pot pie was extremely bland.  Just lacking in flavor.  The sausage I ordered was what I thought was going to be 1.75 extra.  When we got the bill we were charged 3.75 extra.  Now on the menu there is a spot on the left that says extras or something to the that effect. It is located right below the area I ordered from. I thought that meant if you wanted a piece of sausage or some bacon it would only be 1.75.   I ended up getting the waitress's attention and asked by I was being charged so much for a tiny piece of sausage.  She explained the extra full pieces of sausage and bacon you order are on an entire other area of the menu.  The 1.75 option is just a few crumbles extra on your meal.  I explained how misleading that was and overpriced it was and she agreed.  She did get the manager to adjust the price.  I just do not feel the food was good enough to justify the price.  If you want breakfast that tastes better and way less money there are about 20 options within 2 miles of this place.  I doubt I will ever go back.
"First time here & the rating is for what I ate not the service, which was good. I had a bowl of the oatmeal quinoa, love the combo. I passed on the candied walnuts & coconut that usually come with it & good thing cuz it was really sweet. Also comes with banana. $8 for a small bowl, kinda steep. Getting it already sweetened is like ordering coffee & it arrives with sugar already heaped in. Menu looks great & love they have booze too so I'll come back & try again but will order something different."
"I took a chance even though this was our 1st meal of 2014, but after reading all the other glowing reviews and viewing the menu I couldn't resist.  I'm soo glad because this was hands down the best breakfast we have ever had!  I'm not going to get too descriptive but instead state that in every category they score 5 out of 5 stars!"
"Best breakfast joint in town,  my most recent visit was on NY day and boy was it a packed house - 2 hour wait for a table for 2. I ordered the bacon/egg/hash brown plate and an order of flight pancakes to share.  My pancakes included pineapple upside down,  cinnamon roll and pain buttermilk. 

I wasn't too crazy about the pineapple cake but the cinnamon roll one was absolutely awesome, it was pure perfection on a plate,  the buttermilk even though it's just a plain pancake it was equally good too. 

This is a great little spot if you arrive early enough to beat the crowd or don't mind a wait if you arrive later. Whatever you do just get here."
"This place is the bomb! Someone recommend I come here for breakfast and I'm glad I did! Beautiful atmosphere, customer service was excellent, and the food was to DIE FOR! It doesn't get better than this! Please give this place a try; you won't be sorry you did, and you'll be back for sure!"
I've never ordered as much food as I did and actually finished it all. Definitely worth the 40minute wait! Don't be discouraged just because there's a long wait-that means the food worth eating(: amazing
"I've been to Snore 5 times now, here in Phoenix.  Alright, it's ""Snooze"", not Snore.  But I don't like either names: because if I'm ""snoozing"", why, how would I be at breakfast?  In fact, I think ""BREAK-FAST! Is a better name than Snooze or Snore.  But I digress...my first visit was to a San Diego Snore location. and that visit was fast, friendly and delicious!   And accommodating, everything a great breakfast can and should be.  The last two visits were bad and I think they're moving in the wrong direction.

First of all, the servers are a whole bunch less friendly than the hostesses.  In fact, they're kinda aloof.  

Worse is slow: last Sunday, I waited almost 25 minutes from order to delivery and everything on my plate was a different temperature: the toast was hot and delicious, the hash browns and eggs, cold...literally cold.  It was replaced and was delicious.  But I dunno, I think you gotta get that right the first time.  

Today, I met a friend, she clearly ordered Corned Beef Hash with scrambled eggs and a pancake.  The eggs and pancake showed up alright and the Corned Beef Hash followed a good 12 minutes later.  Now, I'm not going to pay $15 - each - for breakfast, featuring poorly prepared food with slow, aloof server/service, (who today was not aloof, but was not really in-tune with waiting tables)...and a smiling hostess.  Not worth it.

Last, someone also pointed out something to me that made me take notice: you know how long-time breakfast joints, IHOP, Denny's, Village Inn, they always SMELL like a breakfast joint?  I don't know if it's 15 years of bacon grease, but they DO have that ""breakfasty"" smell, and...well...you don't get any of those aromas at Snooze. Why is that?  No breakfast aroma."
"Love love love this place have not had good experiences at the hotel and restaurant we went to yesterday... decided to try out this place before we left Phoenix and we are so happy we did I have the French toast which was unbelievable my husband had the eggs Benedict he said it was he best he has ever had... eating breakfast from NY, NJ, NC Nashville, FL, TX ...this is by our favorite breakfast place! Staff is awesome too we had Dre and she was so sweet and attentive"
"First time I've been to Snooze. The food overall was good. My only complaints were, the hash browns were not any good. They should really change there way of cooking cause that stacked up thing just doesn't work for hash browns. Barely brown on the top and bottom and not crispy. They should flatten them out so they are crispy. If I'm going to spend calories on hash browns they need to be good.  Also I'm not sure if you had only an hour for lunch if you could eat there. That wasn't a problem for me. Wait staff was good and friendly and the other Items we had were good."
"Sooo it was an hour wait and man was it worth it! Everyone so fun and upbeat! I think it was superhero day for the servers so they looked adorbs! We got some mmmmmimosa's! And the pineapple  upside down pancakes!!! Everything was quick nice, hot , and fresh!!! We'll be back next weekend for brunch!"
"Not a big fan of breakfast food (but the girlfriend is, so we brunch) but I always find something really good here. Plus they can do just about everything gluten free. The wait can suck, so go early or on a weekday. Chairs are a little weird."
"Chilaquiles- 8/10
Breakfast pie - 7/10
Sweet potato pancakes- 9/10
Burrito - 7/10 (it's hugeee)
Men's bathroom 8/10 (small, but clean.. Also they have a baby changer, soooo get to it dads!)
Women's bathroom-  (I couldn't get it, I'm man)
Overall great place."
"Fun food and staff

My wife and I used to live near the original Snooze in Denver and were fans.  So, my wife was stoked when I surprised her and our girls with a visit to their new location in Phoenix.  She actually hit me and gave me an arm hug.  It's everything I remember... minus the big mural outside.

Snooze is fun, quick (apart from the lines), and high-energy.  The staff is always pleasant while orders hit your table without a lot of waiting, making it easy with kids.  The pancake, waffle, and french toast options are always worth blowing your diet on.  I really enjoy their breakfast tacos with chorizo and a dousing of Tapatio.

Definitely a place to take your spouse and/or family for an enjoyable start to the day.  And the balloon guys was really good with our daughter.  She loves her mermaid."
"Food was cool and mostly flavorless. This is our third trip and we won't be coming back. Denver location is awesome, five star, PHX needs to go for lessons in food prep and customer service."
"Awesome service, I've never waited too long even when they had a full house. Delicious breakfast burritos. I haven't been disappointed yet. I will definitely be back."
Simply OUTSTANDING !  Be sure to ask for Rachel - she's the BEST!
"The atmosphere for breakfast is fun and lively and the service is awesome, went here with some girlfriends. I love that they let you do pancake flights and can choose to try a couple of different eggs Benedict, great for those indecisive since the entire menu looks delicious! Same for the mimosas, they have various juice options or you can mix them, so many choices"
Service could have been better. They did not refill our waters and never asked if we wanted another coffee or drink. Food was ok menu was very plain. Not worth the wait that they normally have. Daily dose was a shorter wait and better menu.
"Very good breakfast. Service is excellent. I would eat here again. Mike had the blueberry Danish pancakes very large serving tastes like a blueberry Danish. I had the green eggs and ham sandwich very good, eggs and spinach Swiss cheese ham on a fresh but chewy bun yum. The volume is loud with everyone talking it's not a quiet place but there is a quiet patio. Worth a try."
"Snooze is certainly helping with Town & Country's revival. It took me a while to come here due to the atrocious wait, so after the hype died down I finally tried it. The wait, which is pretty much the only negative, isn't too bad because they take your phone number and will text you when they're ready. It's nice that they have this option, because your not chained inside waiting for your name to be called. They have complimentary coffee while you wait, or you can always go over to Nordstrom Rack next door where I can easily kill 45min - an hour. So while the wait can be long, it's in the most painless way possible.

As for the food, I usually go the healthy route. The Snooze Continental which contains grapefruit brûlée is amazing, I'm slightly obsessed with grapefruit brûlée and will always order this if I see it on the menu. The pairing of vanilla yogurt with fruit and granola is equally as good. I've also had the Lower East Side which is good if you want to go the savory healthier route. As for the not so healthy, I decided to cheat one day and ordered the Blueberry Danish Pancake with Bacon & Barbacoa breakfast tacos. Oh man, I'm sorry I made this bad calorific decision because it will be so hard not to order either one of those again! The pancake was to die for! It was a fluffy pancake with a lemon ricotta filling, blueberry sauce and to top it off it was sprinkled with Danish crumbles!  

If you have a leisurely day and aren't concerned with time constraints, then I highly recommend trying out Snooze."
So looked forward to eat at Snooze and finally the third time was a charm  as typically there is 1 up to 2 hr wait so was extatic today to get seated immediately.  Wow was I underwhelmed ! I got eggs benedict and was disappointed.  The English muffins were small and chewy. The eggs had approximately a tablespoon of hollandaise and had to ask for more. My pancake was slow in coming and was so cold the butter would NOT melt so I sent it back. The only reason I gave 3 stars is because my friend ordered a breakfast burrito that was huge and delicious.  If I come back I would order that.
"Snooze is always pack regardless of the location. From time to time, we luck out getting seats at the bar. There are only 3 items that we get because they are unique. The Chile verde benedict, benny duo and shrimp & grits. They used to have green eggs and ham on a croissant, wish they would bring that back."
Great place to eat! Great service. Traveler to the area so didn't know what to expect. A+. Place was packed.
"Great breakfast spot!! But be aware that there's always a bit of a waiting time, since it's packed! What I recommended would be to sit at the bar if you're solo. Staff is friendly even when it's very busy. They take your order right away so you don't wait around. Food is extraordinary. Undecided between two? No problem. They have the option of half order of one and half order of the other. And I was really pleased to taste the Bella Bella Benny and the Benny Goodman. The Italian version of the eggs Benedict comes on ciabatta bread and balsamic drizzle. Delicious! The acidity of the balsamic makes an excellent contrast with the sweetness of the hollandaise sauce. The goodman salmon one was also good, but I wouldn't order it again. They also have items a la carte if you don't want the preselected side. I would be back, maybe on earlier hours to skip the line! ;-)"
This place is the best!!!  Awesome food and awesome service! Loved the owner and the waiter!!
"I have been here a few times, and the brunch is fabulous....but the host staff are kinda jerks! We came this morning for a planned celebratory brunch for five. Three of is arrived 25 minutes early to account for the wait that we knew we would have. When it was time for us to be sat, the host would not seat the three of us until our entire party arrived-even when we explained that the other two in our party were minutes away because it was ""policy"". We were clearly upset by this as we had planned for the long wait that is expected here accordingly, but were upset as we were left standing in the lobby. I expressed how upsetting this was and suggested they post the ""policy"" so that it is clear and not just a surprise after a 30 minute wait."
"Loved the loose leaf tea. Meal wasn't my favorite, but I got an egg dish and apparently they are more known for sweet breakfast dishes such as pancakes etc. The two people I went with both got pancakes and they enjoyed them"
"I'd love an opportunity to shake the hands of the Schlegel brothers during my next trip to Denver to thank them for doing something that not even IHOP has managed to incorporate into their menu.  The ability to mix and match your pancakes.  You've heard of craft beer flights, but here they've got pancake flights.  Seriously, why didn't anyone else think of this?  

At any rate, my first venture to Snooze was at their Town & Country location around 7am on a Saturday morning.  Even at 7am, the place was quite busy, though I was able to get one of the few vacant spots at the bar area.  As a side note, the last vacant seat at was taken up right next to me about 5 minutes later by none other than Phoenix Suns great and Grand Canyon University basketball coach Dan Majerle.  I guess this place must be popular, huh?  Thunder Dan sighting aside, I came here for one thing.  Well, actually three things.  A blueberry danish pancake with a lemon cream cheese filling, a sweet potato pancake with caramel and pecans, and a pineapple upside down pancake with cinnamon butter.  Oh and I decided to get a chicken sausage patty on the side because, well, yes.  Total cost for all this plus water, tax, and tip came to about $17.

Of the three, the blueberry danish was my favorite.  The lemon cream cheese filing is what makes this one and the sweet cream on top helps mellow out the acidity very nicely.  The pineapple upside down cake was my second favorite thanks largely to the cinnamon butter which I basically could put on just about anything.  The sweet potato pancake was my least favorite though it certainly wasn't bad.  Just a little bland in comparison to the other two.  If you're doing the pancake flight here, my recommended plan of attack is to stack a bite of all three at once.  That's pretty much the moment you know you've arrived in pancake utopia as I did.  The chicken sausage was fairly light and had a little spicy kick to it that I didn't expect.  Great breakfast (or more accurately, morning dessert) to start a Saturday.

Based on the morning traffic it seems like they get busy pretty much from the word go here.  Not Matt's Big Breakfast busy, but still pretty busy.  So get here early.  Snooze may have been born in Denver, but they've made Phoenician breakfast lovers (my friends and family included) swoon for awhile.  And seriously, find any excuse you can to put cinnamon butter on your breakfast from now on.  I know I will."
"Great food, great service. Favorite thing to eat would have to be the chorizo or bacon breakfast tacos! The staff seemed real friendly, I would definitely go back to eat there many times. I would also suggest anyone that wants to sit down and have a quality breakfast to too. The eatery is also near a popular bar and grocery shopping centers."
We stopped in here after finding it on Yelp....we had previously eaten at the one in Gilbert and remembered how good the food was. This location is great....the food was even better than we remembered and the staff and Manager Kirsten were awesome. Highly recommended eating here.
"Saw this place highly reviewed on Yelp. I'm staying in the Marriott Courtyard and turns out Snooze is within walking distance. Very friendly staff, seated immediately, coffee in seconds and order taken within two minutes. Very cute 60s decor. I ordered the corned beef hash with two eggs over medium. Eggs done to order, hash had great flavor and eng. muffin toasted to correct brown and warm. Waitress said that Snooze was founded in Denver so I'll have to check that one out with my wife when I'm back in Colorado. To sum up I'm a big fan of Snooze for breakfast!!"
"This place is a wonderful find! They have a pancake flight! How amazing is that?! I love pancakes & that's the best thing you could give a pancake lover. I tried the strawberry-rubarb, pineapple upside down & banana Nutella. They were all delicious! My husband had the chocolate peanut butter pancake & his was just as good. Everything tasted wonderful! It's a must try for breakfast!"
"Wait was not long. Sunday. Great menu, breakfast cocktails!!  Got the tacos.  My food was Luke warm. Tortilla was cold. Warm eggs. Cold hash. Wasn't impressed!! Coffee was very good!! Will give it try again!!"
"Looking for a great breakfast in Phoenix, Snooze is it. The pancakes are thick and delicious. The hash browns perfect and not greasy. Eggs fresh and cooked perfectly. Most of the staff are excellent. Snooze you will not even be bothered by the wait."
AMAZING! They have almond milk for coffee!! Really great coffee and eats. Try the pancakes (cinnamon roll or sweet potato!) and their eggs are delicious. I love the presentation of their food as well. Great service and friendly staff. tends to have a long wait so try and go early or leave some time for a wait in your schedule.
"WE love breakfast. This place has it all! Creative. Flavorful. The prices are a little above what I like to pay but, it is worth it. Any of the Benny's are delicious! Any of the pancakes are delicious!"
Very clean cool place to eat breakfast. Service is stellar we met many staff on our first trip here quite friendly. The food is good stuff bit of a twist on some dishes that turns out to be a success for sure. Bit packed weekends but stop in during the week to avoid waiting.
"This place is so amazing ! We used to love butters and all those other places until we discovered snooze it's clean food, fresh and delicious it can't get better than this !!! LOVE the benny goodman Benedict !"
"Update:  Cooperate contacted me with a VERY thoughtful and meaningful response.  I specifically appreciated commentary that everyone agreed this could have been handled better and that my review was used as a training opportunity.  Their response to my review was kind and professional... exactly what one would hope for from an establishment known to have a much better reputation then I experienced.  Thank you Snooze for reaching back out to me. 


I will start off by saying that the seasonal eggs Benedict were absolutely delightful... but that is the only positive thing I can say about the whole experience.

I would have been happy to have this conversation with the manager instead of posting a negative review to yelp, but the interaction I had with the manager was already unpleasant and unapologetic so I didn't think complaining to her was going to do any good.

I ordered a water upon sitting down and 15 minutes later when I still had not gotten one I had to flag down my waitress to let her know to which there was no apology just an ""oh, I'll get you one.""

It had been just over 20 minutes since we had ordered our food and we still had not gotten our food and so I asked our waitress to check on it... again I had to flag her down since she had not once on her own stopped by to check on us.

I saw our waitress go into the kitchen, come out without our food, print up a ticket, bring it to the manager who then came over to speak with us. 

I was fully expecting an apology about our ticket getting lost in the kitchen or something to that extent, but instead she informed us that the reason our food was taking so long was because poached eggs take a long time and they have a special way of poaching there and a fresh batch was coming out and so we should have our food shortly.  

It took almost another 10 minutes at this point for us to get our food and the plates were incredibly hot.  I've never had poached eggs take over 1/2 an hour and typically a super hot plate means the dish was sitting under a food warmer for quite sometime.  

I understand that mistakes happen, but I would have much rather preferred an honest explanation and a simple apology.  Not once did either the manager or the waitress apologize for the wait or issues with service. 

It's possible that maybe the really do have a special way of poaching that requires a 30+ minute wait on your food, but I would highly recommend letting your customers know that upfront.  That exact dish, from snooze, has been ordered before and delivered in a normal time frame. 

To be fair, my friend has previously had the same waitress as today and said normally she is great.

Today, was not that."
"Excellent food, always kind and enthusiastic servers... but the service is ALWAYS slow & the restaurant is always crowded. 
It's the ideal place to go to catch up with friends if you a lot of time."
Iced mocha and Snooze Spuds Deluxe are always fantastic! Great atmosphere and don't forget the open seating at the bar if the wait is to long
"The food is great but the lines can be very long. Weekday mornings are better than weekends. Otherwise, be prepared to wait."
Great place if you want to grab breakfast service was fast The coffee was very good in this place my breakfast showed up in a ok temperature
"This is my new favorite breakfast place. Everything is cooked PERFECTLY. I had the make your own omelette and the hashbrowns are like a big hashbrowns cake - cooked perfectly. The eggs are so silky and tasty. 

We got our food quickly too. We shared an order of the pineapple upside down pancake- great choice. So tasty and no syrup needed. Every bite was savory. Service was outstanding."
"Went at open and smelled like food was being prepped :) Ordered peanut butter pancakes and they were Gluten free also. They 2 pancakes like a big plate size , could only finish 1 and half . Bud got pot pie, the hash brown was moist and creamy ."
"If you love pancakes, you would be in heaven! they are sooooo moist and flavourful, but the sweetness is just about right. 

The pineapple upside down one has sooo much things going on, while not overpowering the pineapple flavour from the pancakes. The chocolate ones are sooo chocolaty but yet not overly sweet.

The chorizo side is really tasty; mixed their hashbrown with one of their hot sauces was another good option if you choose to go the savory route. but you can always add a little extra and have the pancakes to come with your savory brunch dish, so you don't have to face the sweet or savory dilemma :D"
Great food! Great atmosphere. Waitress was great and even brought us a delicious special that wasn't on the menu. I would go again! Bloody Mary was amazing too!
"Phenomenal food, incredible service and great vibe. Loved it so much went back-to-back days on vacation. Best breakfast around!"
"We arrived at Snooze for what would be our final meal here AZ before heading back home. My sister claims this is her favorite breakfast spot in Phoenix--which is a huge recommendation considering every breakfast here has been terrific. As I perused the menu I noticed they had a nice selection of fancy pancakes and they all sounded terrific. My Brother-in-law pointed out that they had a thing called the ""Pancake Flight"" where you can choose any three flavors you want.

Pancake Flight:

Pineapple Upside Down Pancake- I had to get this since it was one of the Yelp Review Highlights, and it was pretty good but didn't live up to the hype. I actually would've appreciated more Pineapple in it. While it was good, I doubt I'd order it again. 3*

Molten Chocolate Lava Pancake- This was a little slice of Heaven; it's a chocolate buttermilk pancake with a huge dollop of chocolate custard in the middle and topped with a Tangerine Glaze. Oh, yeah.. it's as good as it sounds. 4.5*

Pancake of the Day- Snooze features a different Pancake everyday, so be sure to ask your server before making any final decisions. On the day I was there it was some kind of Salted Caramel/Cinnamon concoction with a dollop of Ancho-Chocolate Custard in the middle. My jaw dropped as our waitress described it--much as yours did as you read my description. It was superb, and if you're lucky enough to be there when they feature it you *must* get it. 5*

Chocolate-Peanut Butter- My wife ordered this as a side to her eggs, and it was so massive I had to help her finish it--one of the perks when you're married to a light eater! It was pretty good, and tasted a lot like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup. I'm not a huge Reese's fan, but if you are then this should be right up your alley! 3.5*

Coffee- Above-standard Diner Coffee, but nothing special. They have a whole placard on your table ballyhooing their coffee, but I just didn't get it. 3.5*

Service & Ambiance- Our server was excellent, and I wish I could remember her name and give her credit, but I misplaced the receipt as well. She was a tall, pretty brunette--you can't miss her. Snooze is a very clean and modern-looking, but I found some of their decorations to be a bit cloying--especially that huge asterisk logo thingy. The place also gets very loud, which I don't particularly want first thing in the morning. Time to invest in some sound dampeners, me thinks. 4.5*-service/2.5*-Ambiance

Value- Standard AZ value of less than $10 for breakfast, but still cheaper than Cali pricing. 4*

Everyone really enjoyed their breakfast here at Snooze; I was tempted to give it a 5th star, but the noise factor was a bit of a turn-off. I'd still probably say it's a solid 4.5-star breakfast joint, and I'd definitely go again and again if I lived in the area; I'll just try to remember to bring some earplugs next time."
"I went to Snooze yesterday for breakfast at 10:30 a.m. off the recommendation of a friend who said ""the Benedict and Corned Beef Hash are to die for"". The location, right next to Postino,  same decor, same beautiful outdoor patio seating. We were greeted and seated right away. Our drink order was taken. We waited a bit for the waitress to take our order, she seemed very interested in socializing with the other tables.

Our order was finally taken, we ordered Iced Tea, Iced Vanilla Latte, Corned Beef Hash (Snooze's signature shredded hash mixed with artisan corned beef, caramelized poblanos and onions. Topped with two eggs your style & toast or tortillas), and Ham Benedict III (The classic evolved with our signature English muffin topped with shaved hickory smoked ham, perfectly poached cage free eggs and smoked cheddar hollandaise).

The food came, couldn't ask for anything better, the Benedict was perfectly done, my Corned Beef Hash was fantastic, refills of my Iced Tea was flowing. Excellent breakfast foods, ordering service could of been a little faster, but all in all I would definitely come back."
"I really want to like this place but every single time I have gone there has been a hair in my food. It totally ruins my appetite :/ and I feel like I've given the place a fair shot! 

I say skip it and go somewhere else!"
Absolutely delicious if you're looking for a breakfast place in the Phoenix area Snooze stands out from the rest! So good!
"It's hard for me to give a breakfast place more than 4 stars, because breakfast is breakfast right? Well, Snooze earns the 5th star because it didn't miss on anything. The wait was an hour long on Sunday morning, but it's a popular place so can't ding them for that. The coffee was really good--you can read the long story about how it's from their partner farm in Guatemala or you can just drink and enjoy. Our group got a variety of breakfast items--French Toast, Corned Beef Hash, traditional Eggs Benedict, Chilaquiles Benedict, Scrambled Eggs. Our kind server also brought us out a complimentary speciality pancake, which was tasty. Everything was on point. The table was silent; everyone was enjoying their meal. I had the traditional eggs benedict (Ham Benedict III). The ham was shaved, which I surprisingly liked. The hollandaise was also light and not overpowering and not too thick. It's a long wait, but worth it."
Been here a few times. Food is great. Service is hit or miss. It's a clean restaurant. This location is around the Biltmore area. There's plenty of parking in the plaza. I plan on visiting the place when I'm in the area again.
Great food and great customer service. They were more then willing to make accommodations for kids with special needs. I highly recommend this spot for brunch!
"One of the best brunch places I have been to (and I am from Portland OR so I know about brunch). Of course with this, it gets packed. We waited 45 min for a table but forgot all about that when the food arrived. I also noticed they have a ping pong table set up while you wait. Nice touch."
"The staff is not only cute and spunky, they are great at their jobs. I had eggs and hash browns , both of which were perfect. And I just couldn't resist so I ordered the peanut butter cup pancake and it was, by far, the best pancake I've ever eaten! I wish we had one of these in Dallas!"
"I was staying at the hotel next door and came by to pick up breakfast before work. The waitress and waiter at the time were both really friendly - I asked for some recommendations and ended up ordering the eggs benedict, choosing two different kinds to try. The waitress also treated me to a blueberry pancake since it was my first time there, and she felt it was worth trying. It was way too much food for one meal, but the leftovers that afternoon were still pretty tasty. Overall, it definitely hit the spot for 1.5-2 meals."
"I went here because I really enjoyed Snooze in Fort Collins, CO. The Snooze in Phoenix lived up to my expectations! The pancakes are huge and delicious. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a big breakfast or brunch."
"Absolutely fantastic!!!  Eaten here 3 times this week.  Had the egg white frittata today, not sure I've ever had anything this yummy in my life.  I've loved everything I've had before, but this was amazing.  Always have toorate service too.  Hostess staff are the friendliest you'll ever meet.  I tell everyone to eat here, you'll never be disappointed."
"The most amazing food,  staff and experience.  I didn't grab pictures.  But this place is truly incredible and unique.
Got the Benedict in which you can pick two types.  So awesome."
"Very good quality food and very delicious. Very friendly service, will come again. I like that they take your cell phone number down instead of a pager. This gives me a chance to walk around while I wait."
"I wouldn't have such a hard time waiting if the staff was actually hospitable. It felt like an inconvenience asking anyone for anything, and the trend seems to be that people walk away when you need something. Food is good, atmosphere as well, but I would not come back for the service."
"This place stays packed/busy! I was able to nab a seat at the bar and enjoy my breakfast. I ordered the Beat Sandwich w/ a friend egg and 1 plain pancake, delicious! My server, a female, was very nice and attentive. I had more food than I could handle, my own fault! Snooze gets very busy and the wait becomes long. I say arrive early if you can, the good definitely makes up for the wait."
"I got the OMG French toast. They best French toast I ever ate. So delicious !!!

& also the breakfast tacos so delicious. 
& Goodman Benedict. Kinda more on creamy side. But still good 

Great service too :)

Thanks guys!"
"Extremely disappointed in their lack of customer service and dishonesty here. Im from Los Angeles and was visiting some friends this weekend in Phoenix. We had a 3pm flight to catch so we got to the restaurant at 1030am. We assumed from the number of yelp reviews that it was popular and would have a wait so we were pleasantly surprised when they told us 15-20 mins. 30 mins later when we asked about our table they said there were 3 tables in front of us and it should be another 15-20 mins. I specifically asked asked are you sure, you don't think it's going to be longer? And they said no, about 15-20 mins. Another 45 mins later we were told there were 6 tables in front of us and it should be 15-30 mins. At that point we didn't want to risk it and just found another spot to eat. An hour and a half from when we put our name down we got a text that our table would be ready soon. An hour and a half!

I completely understand long waits, especially for good food and trendy restaurants. What I don't understand is giving false wait times to your guest. If we were told an hour to an hour and a half wait at the beginning we would have realized we couldnt wait that long and just left, no harm. But to give your guests unrealistic wait times is not good customer service. In addition, I don't understand how it jumped from 3 tables to 6 tables ahead of us. It was suppose to be on a first come first serve basis so I hope we weren't discriminated against for having 2 children with us.

I was very excited to try this place but will never come back here and our friends who live in Phoenix will spread that word too."
Great place to go for an energetic atmosphere. The place is very colorful and really upbeat in spirit. The cocktail selection is really unique and the menu is a lot on the healthy side so that's a plus. This is definitely one to visit again and make it one of my favs for breakfast.
"I frequent Snooze Town and Country once a week since they opened. The service has always been great until today. Food took over 40 minutes and the waitress Shelly disappeared the entire time not even filling our teas. I finally found her and asked why the entire patio received their food except me and I was there first. She checked in the back and told me they were out of poached eggs and it would be another 3-5 minutes. The food came out finally and it was delicious however we never saw Shelly again. I hope she splits tips with Charles because be picked up her slack big time. She finally dropped the bill and we asked for a refill which we never got. I decided to let the manager know so other guests dont have our experience and her response is ""she is trying and Snooze is a beast of a restaurant"". I guess maybe Shelly learned from the manager. I will take my business elsewhere."
"Best selection of pancakes in the Valley.  The breakfast cocktails are not to be overlooked, great bloody mary and mimosa selection."
One of my favorite breakfast stops in central Phoenix. Their food is always on point and their espresso drinks are great too - a bit stronger than most but still delicious!
"I've never been here when there wasn't a crazy long wait. I always say first available seating and it still takes 30 minutes to an hour to get seated on the patio. The patio chairs aren't comfortable and I find the tables too small considering the size of their plates. All that said, the food has always been very good."
"All you need to know is that you should go ! !

 If I lived here I'd eat here once a week. 

Yes, it is busy but all good things are.  

The staff is very nice and the service is performed perfectly.

EXCELLENT ! !"
"Love this restaurant! We stumbled upon it as it was next door to the hotel we stayed at the night before.  We got in with only a 10 minute wait on Sunday morning and it was Mother's Day. Free, excellent coffee is offered while you wait for your table.  Our server Claire was  great! The menu is fantastic, lots to choose from. Their spins on eggs benedict is creative and tasty. Pancakes were amazing, and they offer a flight of pancakes so you can taste 3 of the different types so you don't have to choose just one of the delectable pancakes offered. They have quite the drink menu as well (adult beverages). The service is quick and friendly. They even charged my dead phone for me while we ate. I will definitely go back and highly recommend it to everyone."
"This was our first time visiting Snooze and it did not disappoint. The decor is adorable; the manager calls it ""a cross between 'Happy Days' and 'The Jetsons.'"" The service is wonderful and the food is outstanding. We especially appreciated the generous, unexpected portion-size sample of the ""pancake of the day,"" the particular variety of which changes every day, we were told. 

Our orders came out quickly and at the right temperature, although we purposely got there early (about 7:45 a.m.), so I don't know if the same applies when they get super-busy, as apparently they always do by 9 a.m. on a weekend day.

I mentioned to the manager, who with genuine interest and friendliness came up to the table to ask how everything was, that the portion size of the pineapple pancakes was enormous. She informed us that almost anything on the menu can be customized at least to some degree. So we could have ordered one pancake instead of two and one that was somewhat smaller in diameter. We will definitely keep that in mind for next time. 

I recommend the quinoa porridge. It has currants, cranberries and raisins and is delicious (and is appropriately portioned). 

Just a great overall experience. We will definitely return."
We went here for the first time and loved it! We had to wait about 20 mins for a table but it went pretty fast the place was very very packed we got a nice table outside. I had eggs sausage and pancake very very good loved it all. We will for sure be going back to this place for some great breakfast and mimosas. They are also dog friendly so feel free to bring your dog!
"Overpriced/yuppy/hipster/ok food. 

Ok, so I guess Yelp did not like the succinct nature of my above review.  Please allow me to add a few pix and a few more words.  Lots of white t-shirts and beards.  Lots of high prices and lots of reviews about coldish food that should be hot (my experience this morning).  The rosemary sausage gravy...it has bits of carrot in it.  Not the first thing I would think to put in gravy.  Not a good choice in my opinion.  I guess I am old and don't have the disposable income I used to have or maybe I would like Snooze better.  I guess I will leave places like this to the 'cool' people of the world.  Congrats to you if you are one of those cool people.  You go and you enjoy your carrot rosemary sausage gravy."
This place was delicious! I definitely recommend the sweet potato pancake or the chilaquiles eggs benedict! The service was great too and they were very kind.
"I love this place! Occasionally on a Friday, my co-worker and I will sneak over for a delicious breakfast burrito - so worth it. The customer service is great. We've ordered to-go meals and were offered a coffee while we waited outside by the fountain. Most recently, we were seated, but a server was not assigned to our table. We notified the first server we saw who informed us of the error. Our servers were over shortly after, but the original server we notified made it a point to check on us and even brought a pancake of goodness over while we waited for our food. Try it, you'll like it!"
"The staff was very helpful and pleasant.  The food was very good.  I had the pancake trio, delicious.  Wife had the breakfast bowl.

We shared; that's how we roll.

Enjoy all"
"2 words...raw pancake. And other words to add: slow wait, incorrect wait times, uncomfortably close seating. 

The food in unique and tasty, never had an issue until my 4-5th time here (the wait to me was always worth it) when I got my pancake served raw and uncooked. :( sad to say that (as well as birds attacking us on the patio) may have been the finally verdict on us never returning."
"Food was delicious!! We got there fairly early as we read the wait could get long. We only waited about 10 minutes for a table getting there at 8:30 on a Sunday morning. We sat outside and weather was amazing in late October. The service was good and food came out rather quickly. I got the three egg omelet with wild mushrooms, poblano peppers, and avocado. I subbed my toast for a blueberry Danish omelet for $3.50. Great choice though!! The hash browns were awesome!! The kids meals are great as well and only $6.00. My 2-year old got a pancake, fruit, hash browns, and an apple juice. I would highly recommend this place!!"
"Cute, 50's-esqe (as currently manufactured in China) mid-century modern space. Interesting and inventive pancakes. Pineapple upside down cake was excellent, sweet potato didn't quite work.  Not too pricey for a breakfast place.  Will try again."
Today I had the quinoa porridge. It was really good but the portion wasn't filling for 8 dollars. I was trying to be healthy but ended up eating my friends hash browns and some of the sweet potato pankcake. Both were amazing but lots of sugar. Server was mediocre and food took a long time coming out. But nothing that will keep me away.
"This place has become our Mother's Day tradition and it never disappoints! My daughter and I chose two different items each visit and they happily split our plates. This year we went closer to noon and were seated right away. The food is amazing, service spectacular and good atmosphere vibe. Don't blame them for the long wait, they exceed expectations every visit and they do it effortlessly."
"This is a great place for breakfast. The food isngreat, the staff is great, and the ambiance is very nice. I had the Chiiquiles Benedict which was real good. My dining companion had Jan's Breakfast Tacos and he enjoyed them. One thing to make sure of, if you don't like waiting, is to get here before 8am."
"I LOVE SNOOZE. I used to come here 3-4 times a week but in efforts to save money I have been trying to not go out as much. This is a great place to go for breakfast or lunch as you are more Han welcome and encouraged to customize any thing you order to your liking and specs. The staff is fun and upbeat and don't make me want to fall asleep at my table. They are knowledgable and they genuinely care about your experience. If you are lucky you may receive one of their chefs complimentary pancake treats :) 

Oh yes. And great strong coffee."
"If you like pancakes for breakfast then this is the place you've been looking for. So many different flavors. It's hard to decide which one to get. 
Delicious"
"UH-MAZE-ING is the best adjective to describe this delectable eatery. While in town visiting, and then reading the reviews regarding this establishment, it became a required stop. I am a true fan of eggs benedict and this place has a variety of benedict concoctions. Absolutely delish! In addition, the carrot cake pancakes make you wanna slap yo mama!  Definitely a must try, you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!  :)"
"The food here had several unique twists on modern breakfast. The brunch cocktails were delicious. I suggest the eggs and bacon cocktail. I would give 5 stars, but one of the dishes showed up later than the others and was cold. We did not have them remake it due to our schedule."
"Okay, I can't get over how my taste buds were totally HAPPY about the food I ate here. It is one of the most memorable and best breakfasts that I have ever had! I got the Smoked Salmon Benedict...cream cheese Hollandaise, GENUIS!!!!! The Sweet Potato Pancakes with Caramel sauce, I mean c'mon this should be against the law. It is so delicious!!! Now I'm depressed thinking about how far away from home this place is. =("
In town on business. Happened across Snooze - an AM eatery. They do breakfast right.  Had the hot chocolate. Their own brew.  Out of this world.   Then had the pancake of the day a wild southwest concoction I never dreamed would work. It was a buttermilk base pancake with bacon covered with a maple syrup infused with roasted jalepenos then drizzled with cream cheese drizzle. Unbelievable!   My server Chelsea was awesome. Great start to a great day.  The breakfast only concept reminded me of Eggs and Things inWaikiki. Why serve anything other than breakfast?  Will make it a planned destination when I return to Phoenix area
"I've been 3 times to this location.  The first two visits were fine, nothing to write home about.  It's a bit far from my home so I never made it a point to go here, but I needed to go to Nordstrom rack and I was a 1/2 hour early on their opening time so I went over to snooze to grab something to eat (solo with an infant in tow).

1. Service was fantastic.  Super friendly helpful staff. Got me a big comfortable table even though it was just me an a carseat with my baby.  My waitress was super friendly and chatty and another member of staff even stopped and chatted about my cute little bundle of joy.  In my opinion it's nice to go somewhere where the staff seems to enjoy their jobs and being at work and are engaging with the patrons that come in.  It definitely gives the place a positive vibe.

2.  I found my ""reason to come back over and over again""!!! The chilaquiles Benedict was outta control delicious.  Apparently they make their barbacoa in house, which is amazing.  The time they take to stack the tortillas with the cheese in between each layer.  The very close to perfectly poached egg on top and the green chili hollandaise was sooo delicious I could have had a whole extra little ramekin of that on the side!  Only complaint was that the potatoes on the side were under seasoned (for me! Everyone is different mind you).  But honestly this Benedict was so good it didn't need a side of hashbrowns! 

3.  Coffee is really good!  I've recently become kind of a coffee snob and their house blend is smooth and not bitter at all.  I added cream and stevia and I wish I hadn't added the stevia because it almost seemed like the coffee had so much great natural sweetness that the cream would have been a perfect duo with that simple yellow mug of brew. 

All in all I had a very enjoyable breakfast! I will be back for that exact dish over and over again because I'm a creature of habit! ;) 

Super yum!"
"Solid 3.5 stars. The food is good but not worth the,[hour] wait.  
Maybe once the ""new"" wears off the wait will be less.  They also need to reevaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of their seating and dining area.  There is definitely opportunity to maximize and utilize the space better. Severally tables that could accommodate 4 or more were filled with pairs/couples. While these particular table-booth hybrids look cool, they are inefficient in terms of seating management.
They do offer coffee for those waiting outside. [As you enter the door turn right. It is against the back wall to the right if the bar/counter.] Unfortunately we discovered this after a trip to Dunkin Donuts for some coffee to tide us over.  
Upon checking in they enter your phone number and text you when your table it's ready. Which is 'good' because with an ""45-60 minute wait"" you have time to check out neighboring stored in Town & Country Center.  In hind sight we should have gone across the street to Daily Dose Midtown. 

The food:  There were 3 of us. One had the traditional eggs Benedict ( to their credit they have several varieties of benedicts to choose); one had the Potato pile up ( or something like that) and added 2 eggs. I ordered the pancake flight (choice of 3 pancakes from their regular or daily menu) pineapple upside down cake, carrot cake and the daily special peanut butter and jelly, with a side of bacon. 
Like I mentioned at the get go I have no complaints over the food. The ingredients are quality and prepared well. As an example, the hollandaise was done well and eggs poached well.  I am not a pancake person but the varieties were too tempting. No syrup necessary with the toppings unique to each choice. The pancakes were not  as sweet as I expected, which was a very pleasant surprise. 

I can see myself going back eventually. Although I have put this into the same category that I have Matt's Big Breakfast, good but not worth the wait, and will likely try it again in the summer before 10am."
"The food is pretty fabulous!  I had the OMG French toast and they really were OMG delicious.  The waitress wasn't particularly friendly or attentive but if all the food is this good, it doesn't matter to me."
"So they gave my friend and I a free chocolate chip pancake, for no reason other than, try this! That was nice and great, though I am not a pancake fan at all, I still enjoyed the delicious treat for free. Snooze is ALL the craze and it is in San Diego in both locations there and I am still in awe and curious as to why? Sure it is breakfast and the name is catchy, but what gives to make it worth a 2 hour wait? I do not have a reason, wish I did because I would wait the 2 hours for something spectacular about it but the omelettes are skimpy and the price of 2 pieces of bacon was way too much, it was not a fancy pig or anything. It needs to simply have better food to match it's great service. I recommend sitting at the bar top, always my go-to in crowded places, especially crowded at a place like snooze even at 9am on a Saturday when you think brunch is suppose to have that 2 hour wait at 11am, when many people pull themselves out of bed and lazily approach a good ole saturday."
"Went on a Saturday morning with two very active toddlers.we were seated within 15 minutes and the kids didn't want to go inside since they were entertained with the chalk and toys in the patio. Server was okay, not rude just seemed a bit overwhelmed. Our order came out with in a decent time, and the food was dekiciius. The breakfast burrito was very big that I needed a to go box. The kids plain pancakes were so fluffy they didnt need extra syrup. Overall the food was delicious service was okay and we will be back."
"The food was incredible and our waitress was nice, but man, the wait.  It took an hour to get in, which is normal and to be expected for a place like Snooze, but we also had to wait about 40-45 minutes for our food once we placed our order.  No explanation was given and when I asked they said it was coming. There was no apology, so maybe this is normal for Snooze?

 Not sure if this is normal or not, but it does make me hesitate to return simply because I don't see myself wanting to spend another 2 1/2 hours at a restaurant."
It's a wonderful breakfast . It makes you full with out busting your wallet.  I always get the eggs Benedict in either the Spanish version or traditional . Yummy beyond belief. I highly recommend getting there early . It get busy by 830am.
Great service!  Tasty food! A great place to eat;  I recommend earring here but they do closer early (2:30)
"Attempted to have brunch with a friend on a Sunday, decided to move to a different place since the wait was over an hour.

But curiosity brought me back on a weekday, with only a 10 minute wait.

Definitely, the best time to go for  brunch time treat!

Try the pancake flight for a variety of flavors.  The chilaquiles were tasty too.

It's been awhile, so this spot is definitely on my list for a return visit for an updated review."
"Anyone who knows me or reads my reviews knows that I LOVE brunch!! Snooze is awesome! I went to get my snowboard waxed across the street and one of the employees suggested this place. 

I got a plate with smoked salmon and other delicious things that I can no longer remember but tasted delicious. They give a lot of food and I had enough for a second meal later that day. If it weren't a weekday and I didnt have class later, I would have definitely gotten a drink, or two.... They looked delicious! Instead, I got tomato juice, which I also love. My friend got their pancakes and we got to try 3 of them. The sweet potato pancakes tasted like heaven. i was extremely skeptical and did NOT want to taste them, but am SO glad I did. 

We decided that we are definitely coming back and bringing more people so we can get a lot more food and try EVERYTHING. :)"
Loved their pineapple upside down pancake with cinnamon butter: skillfully controlled balance of sweet / tart.  Not so much a fan of their cocktails but would visit again for those pancakes! (You can also get a 'flight' so that you can try three different preparations).  Seriously so good that as soon as I got back home got LA I was plotting a route to their Tustin location.
"We went here today for their ""soft opening"", since we work next door to the restaurant. 100% of the proceeds today went to St. Mary's Food Bank. What an incredible idea to get your staff trained and get people talking about your place! 
We were greeted and seated within the first 3 minutes of entering the restaurant. Our waitresses (one was in training, and one was here from San Diego to help) were at our table very quickly and ready to tell us all about the place. Very friendly and helpful service! We were happy to listen as they told us that Snooze likes to use local ingredients, which was a huge plus! 
They have a great variety of food items to choose from...I went with the Spuds Deluxe, which was a huge pile of hashbrowns cooked perfectly and topped with cheeses, scallions and two ""mixings"" of your choice. I chose wild mushrooms and bacon. Delicious! My coworkers enjoyed the pancake of the day (strawberry shortcake) and the breakfast burrito. I tasted both and they were amazing. ESPECIALLY the burrito. It was HUGE and tasty. The prices are also reasonable. 

I'll save giving it a 5 star review until the hype wears off and they are open for awhile, but I have a feeling it's going to go nowhere but up. Very impressed. We will definitely go here again. Probably quite often!"
"It's always good to have breakfast here. The staff is friendly, they always have a compliment for you.  The food is great, but can get pricey if you want eggs and oatmeal for instance. 

The downside is the wait time, especially during the nice weather.  But after about 11:30 am, it seems to clear out a little bit."
"I love this place! The food, coffee and staff are great! I love all their options, but my favorites are the egg benetics."
"Gluten free blueberry pancake might have been the best pancake I've had. Place is packed, and it is noisy. Orange juice was fresh, hash browns were really good, in a not real crispy way. The scrambled eggs were... scrambled eggs. Great place."
"Free coffee while you wait for your table! 
I had the 3 Egg Scramble with a Blueberry Danish Pancake. AWESOME!! Everything was super delicious. Service was very slow that's the reason for 4/5 star rating. I would definitely go again."
Snooze is the ONLY breakfast restaurant I know of that has a wait for their bar. Went to Over Easy instead. Change your bar wait policy and we'll try your establishment.
"Always get a pancake (or 2) to share for the table. The cinnamon roll pancake will never disappoint and they always have a pancake of the day which is usually a good choice.  If you are a fan of Benedict's, you can mix and match and most are pretty good. I usually stick with the breakfast burrito or taco's. Add some pork on either of those and you'll be happy you did. A little hipster for my taste, but the food is always on point so I can look past all that. They just need to open one out in the northwest valley!"
"Great location. Great coffee. A dog friendly patio. Kids meals. A selection of pancakes that might as well be desserts. Friendly hostesses and servers, for the most part. Cute surroundings. So what's not to like? 

Noise this day made conversation a bit difficult, but that's me being a nitpicky Yelp reviewer, the kind I try not to be. I suppose the wait often required to get a table can be a more significant issue. There really is no off peak time at Snooze on the weekends. We usually opt for a very early or very late strategy, but this Saturday we showed up forty-five minutes before closing and still had a five minute wait just to put in our name and had another fifteen minute wait to be seated. There's really no easy solution for the unpredictable waits unless you have a flexible weekday schedule. Given the multitude of great breakfast spots in Phoenix, traditional and otherwise, you have to ask yourself if the food and ambiance at Snooze really is distinctive enough to be worth the hassle. For me? Usually not. 

But every once in a while the ""Flight"" three pancake assortment calls my name. This day our table shared a total of six different pancakes, a fun dining experience I'd recommend if you're comfortable sharing."
"Great food and service, but be prepared to wait awhile during peak times. It's a popular, trendy hangout. Juan's street tacos with poblano hollandaise sauce have great flavor without being spicy. Another good choice is the spuds deluxe, which is is mound of hash browns covered with cheese and a choice of two fillings. The pork belly bacon is really good as well. We sampled a salted caramel white chocolate chip pancake too and it was rich and sweet, but tasty as a dessert. We love breakfast places that have espresso machines and a bar - this one didn't disappoint. Can't wait for the Gilbert location to open!"
"Hallelujah, Snooze has come to Phoenix!!!!

As a Denver native, I can only hope to describe to you non-Denverites the culture of Snooze. It has made all other breakfast places seem dismal. The quality of food is astounding, the atmosphere is upbeat and trendy and the servers are the friendliest, hippest people you will ever meet. You will never wait less tan an hour for a table, but the wait has always been worth it.

Snooze Phoenix is no different. They have captured the essence of the hipster vibe of Denver and brought it to the valley quite nicely.

The food, again will never disappoint. If you've never been, here are my suggestions:

Always ask what the pancake of the day is. Always.

Sweet:
Pancake Flight with a Pineapple Upside Down Pancake, the Pancake of the Day and a Cinnamon Roll pancake.

Savory:
3 Egg Scramble with hollandaise, avocado and pico de gallo and corn tortillas.

There is nothing but love in my heart for Snooze. Now, Snooze, please get your booties out to Orange County next!!!"
"We visited this place again on the weekend.

First let me say that I want to like this place!

It's loud and LOUD!  hard to have a conversation when its packed.  You sit so close to the table next to you so there is no privacy.  The first time we tried this place was not impressed at all.  Dirty tables, loud music from the kitchen competing with the loud music in the dining areas and food was cold and not at all good. This is expensive food for breakfast.

This time the food was better, not awesome but at least tasted good.  Still music from both dining room and kitchen trying to compete.  And still loud atmosphere.

If you go try to sit on the patio."
I love Snooze! You can always count on a delicious breakfast & friendly service. Ordered the OMG! French Toast & my BF got the Sandwich I am - we thoroughly enjoyed both of our meals.
"Love!

But do NOT take any staff recommendations. Go with what you like.

I'd been suggested items twice & they were not great.

The Benedict's & Bloody's are bomb"
"Were visiting from LA and decided to eat here based on the plethora of reviews. Everything we ate was impressive, delicious and satisfying. Even our toddler stuffed her face! The ambiance is relaxed and casual even though its packed. Don't think just eat!!"
"After a 30 min wait to b seated and another 30 min till served, long wait for  the worst breakfast I'v ever had.
Ordered the Breakfast Tacos added a Pabalano pepper,got a jalapeño cut in half  
raw with seeds, not warm not roasted not Pabalano . No sauce in the Tacos like the menu described, condiments delivered with empty ketchup bottle, asked for replacement never got it , had to get up and find it myself.Food is not at all special. I did speak to the management, took my meal off the bill, offered a gift card,I declined as this is not a place I will try again."
My fiancé and I found this restaurant online and decided since we were in the Phoenix area for the day we would try it out and man was it a good idea! The food is amazing! My fiancé loves eggs benedict so he was in heaven having so many choices!! We will definetly be going back!
"Very trendy modern spot that is still fairly new in the Biltmore area. We used to frequent this place at least once or twice a week however after 2 bad services in a row and a few others here and there. We made a decision to just give our gift card the manager gave us to someone else. We rather go somewhere the employees at least have an appearance that they somewhat enjoy their job and the people they are servicing. I would suggest looking into retraining your staff. Smiles, attentiveness, and being nice are part of a servers job. If you have 1 bad seed, it can spread. I believe this is the case here. It's really too bad, great looking spot, good food and drinks......the rest is just ok."
"I visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday. I have tried to go several times on the weekend but the wait was always well over an hour.
Overall, the decoration and vibe if the restaurant were nice. However, the service was very slow. It took about 25 to 30 minutes to get our food, our waitress barely checked on us, and our drinks stayed empty the majority of the time.
I agree with other reviewers that it appears that their sweeter items may be better than their savory. We had the Sandwich I Am and the Green Eggs and Hamwich. The green eggs and hamwich was a good size but not too flavorful and overpowered by the spinach. The ham on it was tasty. The other sandwich was average. We had the side of fruit which was extra and pretty small but okay. We had a side if hash browns which were good. They did offer me a beverage to go which was nice.
Overall it was okay but nothing I would wait in line for. There are better breakfast options within a few blocks of here."
If you go to snooze you got to have their pancakes! There was a long wait and a little crowded with people coming in and out but that only goes to show how great their food is!
"WOW!   Pretty much one of the best breakfast places I have encountered in recent years.  Clean, cheerful atmosphere.  Great music.  Outstanding Service.  But most of all........the single best order of Bacon, yes, Bacon, I have ever had in a restaurant -- bar none.  Most pre-cook it, and toss it on the grill for a few seconds.  Others, and this is outright sacrilege, deep fry it..........But this is a place we will return to again and again."
"How have I not reviewed Snooze?!? Snooze is OUR Breakfast Spot! We seem to find ourselves here once a month or more. Initially I found Snooze in Austin TX, so I was thrilled to find one in Phoenix. 

Be prepared on weekends, there is always a wait. However, they take your number and text you when they have your table - there is a Nordstrom Rack right next door so get some browsing done while you wait. The wait is usually shorter than they quote you, which I appreciate it! 

I almost always get the Snooze Spuds Deluxe. The size is huge so you really could share if you wanted to... which I don't. The pancakes are also delicious. I have tried almost every mimosa, today I finally tried the Strawberry Mimosa - very sweet but refreshing, I would maybe combine it with orange or pineapple next time. 

I need to venture out and try more items on the menu, so we will certainly continue to come back. The staff is always great! 

Also don't be afraid to sit outside, I know it's Phoenix and it is hotter than hades these days but the misters and the umbrellas outside do make it tolerable and you'll get seated faster!"
"Food is great, typical American fare nothing super exciting. Not a full bar and grouchy waitress"
"So far, I have tried the gluten free pancakes (blueberry), regular pancakes, breakfast pot-pie, and the gyros benny. All were superb!  

It's loud, and can be a wait to be seated and serve, but they work hard to get you taken care of and the food is well worth it."
"Great breakfast spot with nice vibe inside. Very friendly servers. While we were there, the QB for the Denver Broncos came in, so at least you know it's a Colorado-must!!! Food was fantastic. I'll definitely go back."
The wait is too long and don't take reservations only been here once so can't really judge it on food... I had their burrito w/ soyrizo and it was NOT good better off getting it at a Mexican restaurant!
"Snooze is my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix! I am a big breakfast fan and I always take my friends and family here. I don't think I can count the amount of times I have been here on my fingers and toes. Yeah... it's that good. 

They have a wide variety of breakfast items, but here are my top three favorites.
1.) Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes
2.) Juan's Breakfast tacos with bacon added
3.) Bella! Bella! Benny!
Honorable mention: Fresh Apple Juice 

I always try to get there before 8am, otherwise there is a wait."
"This place came highly recommended, so i was excited to try it. There was a slight wait, but nothing too long. Once seated our waiter took our order and then disappeared. It took forever to get our food. It turns out the waiter forgot to turn in our order! Ugh! When the food arrived, it was merely marginal, and certainly not worth the wait!"
"Deliciousness - 4/5
Happiness - 5/5

I don't know how anybody could argue that this place is not the best. My out-of-town relatives demand to be brought here when they come. There is always a line, even in well-over-100 degree heat. The biggest flaw? The place simply needs to be bigger.

The eggs are always perfectly cooked and there are far more options than the typical bacon and sausage for your meats. As a non-pork eater, I almost weep with joy that I can get some high-quality soyrizo in my huevos rancheros and easily the best chicken breakfast sausage I have ever had in my omelets. The pancakes are very delicious and they have new ones weekly. The one we just tried? Dark chocolate, banana chip with a walnut crumble topping. My personal favorites are the sweet potato, blueberry and chocolate chip. I'm not a pancake guy, but the options are so plentiful and diverse, even I have to occasionally order them. 

I will admit that the hash browns and bloody marys are a bit lacking. The hash brown stack they give you are always a bit wet and while they look good, lack any crunch or flavor. It is total empty calories in my mind - I'd rather have the fruit or another pancake. The bloody marys are always on the more watery side and I feel like they never get the balance right. Their other alcoholic drinks are far better, particularly the mayan mocha, which is spiked with some vodka. 

Finally, kids love this place. There are often people making balloon animals for the little ones, and a ping pong table for the older kids."
"First time here, love the vibe. Got a seat outside on the patio. Had great service from Melinda. She hooked it up w a tasty pancake while we waited for our food. My harvest Benny ended up not being my fav which wasn't a big deal to me but the management ended up giving me a discount. I dig this place. Everyone that works here seems happy which feeds the over all positive welcome vibe."
"We came here for a Sunday brunch, the wait was about an hour to even get seated. The service thereafter was okay, the waitress wasn't very genuine or friendly. It seemed like the service all around was whatever, the table next to us had received all of their food minus one poor girl who didn't get her food until everyone was nearly done. As we waited we also saw people paying at the front so they could get going rather than waiting for the slow service. 

The food was definitely great, but not worth an hours worth of wait. I would recommend taking your business elsewhere if you have to wait longer than 20-minutes for this place. Unless you want to spend 2.5 hours at brunch!"
`Prices are extremely high.  I was shocked and almost walked out but went ahead and ordered.  The food was good but not special at all.  I do not understand the appeal.
"Pretty darn good. Peanut butter cup pancake,  pleasantly not overly sweet,  was very delicious. Green eggs and hamwich on cibatta was also very good. Decent coffee and espresso, too. Service is good, restaurant  is clean, ping pong on the patio. Yelpers give bad reviews because they go at peak times and have to wait, sorry that wait comes with GREAT places. Think out side the box....don't go at peak times, just get up and go."
I had the flight of pancakes and a side of ham. Very sweet and delicious and such a happening cool place.
"Good food with a flair! Solid, friendly service in a hip atmosphere that manages to stretch almost to the edge of being cheesy yet it works. We will be back when in the area for sure."
"Food is So
Average.
Menu has creative items but end result is average.
Does well bc it is a fun atmosphere, wait staff has high energy and designed well."
"Great food, great environment. The only things I would consider a negative would be our service wasn't top of the line, but I can forgive them due to the amount of customers in the restaurant. The other negative would be wait time, but that again I can't fault Snooze, they are just THAT GOOD."
"Breakfast here was excellent.  Got the pancake flight and all pancakes were so delicious.  The corned beef hash also tasted great.  Overall, food and service is top notch"
"I had the morning of my birthday off, so we ended up driving here to check it out.
It was very busy for a Wednesday morning. We sat outside on the patio which was really nice.
I had the pancakes of the day, which were buttermilk pancakes stuffed with strawberries. So good!
Service was great, though slow, which I understand from how busy it was.
I can't imagine how long the weekend waits can get here.
Food was fresh, coffee was good, and I loved the mug size.
Our little one had pancakes with a nice sized chocolate milk that was really good.
She had some crayons and a coloring thing they gave her to keep her occupied which was nice.

For you moms, yes there is a changing table in the large bathroom stall."
Awesome place for breakfast.  The menu has many great options that are a bit different than standard breakfast fare.  Coffee is excellent.  Be prepared for waits up to an hour on weekends.
"Amazing spot! And the bartender working that day, her name was Fanny, was super nice and went out of her way to make sure we had a great brunch experience for my girlfriends birthday. Will definitely be returning. Not to mention their Benny Duo is perfect!"
Amazing service and delicious food! Charles gave A++ service. Got the snooze classic and the French toast neat and both were so good!
"HUGE pancakes!  Amazing bloody mary's (my favorite is the Bangkok)!  You can eat healthy or indulge.  It's always packed, so come planning to be leisurely.  Service is efficient."
"I've been here several times for lunch and breakfast. If you get there early it's not too loud,  but lunch is a different story. Since it's design is open (ceiling is exposed) the sound carries and I found myself nearly yelling to my husband who was directly in front of me. Mostly the food is good,  but it depends on the chef /cook of the day, and who you get for service...how can you mess up pancakes? Really? It just seems that it's quality and aesthetics are inconsistent.  We haven't been back; there are other restaurants close by that are consistently excellent."
"I love a good breakfast on Sunday morning.  Too bad the wait was too long.  Maybe next time, Snooze."
"We have been to the Snooze in Austin, Texas. This location in Phoenix  doesn't disappoint. Everything was excellent. Frittata was delicious, the breakfast tacos were also delicious and the potion was HUGE! We also got a blueberry pancake and it was really worth the extra calories too. The ambiance is great. We sat outside with music and a nice breeze. It's breakfast food with a twist. You won't be sorry you came!"
No waiting area inside and it was too hot to wait outside. The server didn't have the best personality but the girls at the host stand were warm and inviting. It took too long to be sat at our table and it was empty for a while before they sat us there.The food was good. I liked the music they played old school rap. Different vibe from any breakfast place that I have experienced.
"I was super excited to try this place but unfortunately I have more negative things to say than positive.
Pros: The food. We had the breakfast pot pie which was delicious! It only comes with 1 egg on top so I ordered a second egg for $2. The pancake trio(upside down pineapple, blueberry and strawberry)They were all very tasty but also very sweet. We also ordered the Benny Benedict which was delicious. They have a nice size menu with lots of options..I think they had 7 types of eggs benedict? We ordered family style to share between 3 of us. The hash browns were fantastic!!

Cons:
-There's no place to sit/wait for your table. We were awkwardly standing in the way of people coming in and out. They have a bar area but it was busy and didn't have many seats.
-They ask for your phone # to text you when your table is ready...I really didn't care to have to check my phone every few minutes to see if our table was ready.
-Bathroom...very small, 2 stalls and the hand dryer is right in front of the stall so you can see someone drying their hands while you're using the restroom.
-Worst part...the service!! Michael was our server and he couldn't have cared less. He was busy but a smile wouldn't have killed him. He was very cold and seemed like he was in a hurry to leave or had something else on his mind. We had to flag him down for refills/water. Someone else brought our food out, the pancakes came first....then we waited and waited for the rest of our food. He never checked on us or asked how our food was. We waited for quite a while for him to pick up our check while watching him do his side work.

Overall the food was delicious but service was all over the place. We went on Saturday around 1:30."
The food and service is great. I ordered a mimosa and the OMG French Toast. I recommend a table outside on the patio.
It was a long wait but well worth it. They take your name and number and text you when your table is ready so you can go shop while you waiting. Great food. I had the French toast and hash browns.
"These out-of-towners from L.A. lved our meals! The wait was torturous (because of hunger) but worth the wait! If this is what the locals wait up to an hour, then it must be good right?!"
"I can't believe how good this place is, and I can't believe I have never been there until two weeks ago! Good for the soul kind of breakfast, and coffee and drinks that will tickle you on the inside!

I had the gyro bene! Never had anything like that before.With OJ and coffee, oh... my morning was perfect!"
"The pineapple upside down was very very good. The blueberry danish was also fantastic, not overbearingly sweet and the juans tacos were great. Much better than I expected, very light and actually pretty healthy. The waitress was super nice and attentive, Definitely coming back!!!"
"Today was my first time visiting with a friend for breakfast. I have to say the eggs Benedict are the bomb!!! They are a must get. As in previous reviews you can mix match and customize your breakfast. Being our first time there we decided to sample a couple of items and share. We started with the eggs Benedict one original and the green chile. The green chile was on a bed of pulled pork that had an amazing flavor. They are a must try. My friend who had the original said it was the best egg Benedict she ever had. Next we did the flight of pancakes. Upside down pineapple, candied Apple, and plain. I tried the pineapple and was not too impressed, but I am not a pineapple person. The candied Apple was phenomenal for me. My friend preferred the pineapple one over Apple. So it's a matter of preference. As for plain I can't give an opinion because I didn't try it. But I assume from all the other food it would have been good. 
Now on service I wish I knew the servers name because she was amazing. We asked her what she would recommend since it was our first time. She took the time to explain the menu and showed us how we could customize.  She was friendly warm and conversational. She was on top of the service. At the end of the meal she even asked us if we would come back to see her tomorrow. Which made us feel welcomed. Although I wish I could eat there daily it is out of my area, but I will definitely visit regularly. 
To the anonymous server thank you for an awesome experience. 
To management you have a great server. Hopefully she will be there the next time we visit. I wish I would have left a manager compliment."
"My friend and I popped in to Snooze around noon for a (very) late breakfast. There was a 30 minute wait, which we happily agreed to. They take your cell phone number and send you a text when your table is almost ready, so you can explore the local shops while you're waiting!

The atmosphere is awesome - very cool decor, super friendly staff, and an open-air concept. I loved everything about this place from the moment I saw it! 

After our allotted wait time, we were seated at an outside table - which I was happy about because the weather was just beautiful! (And I don't get many outdoor eating opportunities in my part of the land this time of year.)

Our waiter was very friendly and helped us quickly. I started with a hot chocolate - my favorite! It was okay, but tasted kind of like warm chocolate milk. Looks delicious, though! ;) 

I ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie with a Candy Apple Pancake instead of hashbrowns - great decision! The crust to the pot pie was lighter than I was expecting, which was a little bit of a bummer. But it was a nice compliment to the heavy gravy, which was delicious. The gravy has big chunks of sausage and is perfectly flavorful. And the sunny side up egg on top is the perfect touch! 

It's funny to me they call the Candy Apple Pancake just that, because it's more an ""Apple Pie Pancake."" Seriously so good, though! There were just the right amount of apples and topping, and the mascarpone was a perfect touch. 

The two, plus the hot chocolate, had me more than full! (Which was good, because adding the pancake made it a little pricey.) 

Another place I'd be a regular at if I lived around here! Yummmmmm"
"This place is not only AWESOME, but the food tastes great! Went every Sunday for football, the bar staff is great and a fun environment."
The Pineapple Upside Down Pancake was to die for. A must get on the side to get that salt sweet. Had the Benny Goodman and it was awesome! The Lox was not over powering. Husband had the Chilaquilla eggs Benedict and he loved it. It's a must place especially if you're staying at the Marriott Courtyard.
"I love this place! Best gluten free pancakes. Since it is too hard to choose a pancake flavor...take the pancake flight...3 smaller pancakes so you can have more than 1 flavor. 

Yes they also have goat cheese h fresh pabano chilies to add to your food! 

My hubby had the eggs Benedict with quinoa patties instead of English muffins. It was almost too pretty to eat. There was a balsamic drizzle on top of the cream cheese hollandaise.  Yummmmmmmy!

Great coffee, service & adorable retro atomic atmosphere."
"Wonderful breakfast food and great atmosphere! I love that I can bring my dogs on the patio! The con is the wait time. Everyone loves this place, so get there expecting a 30min wait. It is worth it though. They have free coffee while you wait and they will text you when your table is ready, it is really simple. I LOVE the Benny Benny Benedict. I crave this meal."
"I'm a mega breakfast fan and Snooze has piqued my interest especially after reading all the reviews. The food was delicious but the quantity was kind of small, at least for the eggs Benedict. I got the salmon eggs Benedict and was DELICIOUUUUS but small. The two eggs were on 3 inch pieces of bread and the hashbrowns served in this weird puck shape. The hashbrowns are delicious and I love the crispiness of it but the plate just looked so bare. I'm a person who eats with her eyes. I think it would do better if they added like a micro green salad on the side or something. It needs something to make the plate look more filled and be more substantial. My husband got the Barbocoa breakfast tacos and they were SUPREME!!!  All in all; this is a fantabulous place for breakfast or brunch! Would come back"
"After hearing countless reviews and people raving about Snooze we decided to brave the crowds and long wait on a Sunday morning, bad idea. After a quoted forty-five
Minute waited we received our table was ready via text... It wasn't quite ""ready yet"", after arriving to the counter we where told it would be just one minute.. Or twenty more of standing inside being pushed and shove by the crowd, after being told three times our table was being cleaned, and six or seven tables being sat before us, I watched as the host cleared a table a few rows in and FINALLY sat us, we then waited ten minutes to be greeted by a server who was visually displeased. As the meal progressed getting the smallest things to the table as water and ketchup seemed to not only be the most excruciatingly painful thing for our server but also took plenty of time.. The food was okay, took a bit longer then expected, but the service left a sour taste in our group of sevens mouth that we just couldn't shake.. I don't know if I'll give snooze a second shot or not, the service was some of the worst I've had in the industry."
"This was our first visit to Snooze--we only wished that we had found this place sooner!  If it were possible to rate this delicious find with TEN stars, it deserves it.  The incredibly scrumptious breakfast delights and the excellent customer service from the wonderful management and staff have put Snooze on our ""favorites"" list.  Please ask for Claire who made our first time so very special.  She took such great care of us and provided a wonderful surprise.  The Benny Duo allowed us to taste the Chile Verde Benny and the Chilaquiles Benedict.  We savored the perfectly poached eggs, the very flavorful barbacoa and pulled pork meats all placed on ranchero and green chile sauced layers of tortilla.

We also recommend the Pancake Flight--your choice of three different pancakes.  We were delighted with the Pineapple Upside Down, Sweet Potato and Blueberry Danish pancakes!  These are the best pancakes we have ever eaten!  The pancake is perfectly cooked--truly a ""pan cake""--delicious, light and very hard to stop eating!  Be sure to ask about the ""cinnamon roll"" pancake--it's not on the menu.

Worth TEN stars and more!!!!!"
The is a wonderful restaurant that has a nice 1960's theme. The restaurant is bright and cozy I ordered the quinoa bowl which was very good and light. I enjoyed the coffee and purchased one pound for the road. We sat in waitress Dre's section she was an excellent waitress who was very attentive and had a wonder smile and personality!
Home cooked food with excellent flavor. I had the corn beef hash and eggs (made with chunks of meat) with homemade toast and delicious jam. I had a bite of the OMG French Toast (which was delicious but super sweet). I also stole a bite of my son's pancake- equally good. If you come on a weekend expect to wait (we were there on a Sunday and waited 20 min to get seated). Can't wait to go back.
"I was SO excited when I saw Snooze opened in PHX. I've been to the Denver location a couple of times- it's trendy and fun, and has great bloody marys. 

I went the first time during lunch, and got there at 11:15 so we didn't have to wait. I got the huevos rancheros, and it had no flavor at all. For the price of lunch/breakfast here, I really do expect everything to be top notch. 

The next time we came made me officially take my stars to a 3. Actually, it would have been a two but the waitress (Brittany, maybe??) made up for it. Got  there at 11:40, and was told for a group of 3, it'd be 15 minutes. The hostess didn't greet me, and was not polite. Well, that wait turned into a little over thirty. I was about to walk away, when I got the text my table was ready. We go to the hostess, and she just leaves- although she knew who I was and that I had been waiting for a table, and cleans tables for a few minutes- SLOWLY, then sends someone else to take us to our table. I don't know what I did to her, but she was very rude and not helpful at all. 

The ""chicken pot pie"" (that's not the name of it, but it's a similar dish) was very good and so was our server. 

I will try to avoid this location at lunch, and I can't wait for the Gilbert one to try near my home."
Love this place! Service is spot on at this crazy busy place. It's unbelievable. The food and drink variety runs from comfy to healthy and light. I think I can make this a (at least a) weekly habit. Keep up the awesome work!!
"This place is really good. At times there can be a long wait and the restaurant can be somewhat noisy, but the food is fantastic. If you like pancakes, they are really good and they have some pretty crazy pancake flavors."
"The only down side is you can almost always expect to wait about an hour to eat here, but the food is great. Get a pancake for the table to share - it's a must!"
"My family and I came here just to try out a new place. My husband got a burrito and said it was the best he's ever had. I got the breakfast pot pie and thought it was really good. The wait for 2 adults and a 2yr old was about 25mins, it was packed! But I think the wait was worth it. If you have little kids coming with inform them because they do have high top seating. The lady seating us was a little worried about our kid sitting up so high, which was nice because nowadays people tend not to care at all. But we told her it was okay and so that's where we sat and it worked out fine but just a small tip for parents because we didn't realize this and it helps them find appropriate seating for you. Our waiter was a young man who was really nice and answered any questions we had. When we asked for some time to look at the menu he didn't just pop in every 2-3 mins bugging us which was nice. He was very busy with several other tables but he made sure to be attentive to us as well. The food is supposed to be on the healthier side, they use cage free eggs and natural ingredients. Definitely would go back and bring the family when they come visit."
"When we come here, we already know the wait is going to be long, but it's always worth it. (No biggie- you can take a stroll over to Nordstrom Rack, Hi-Health, Choice Pet Market while you wait for Snooze to text you). Recently, I got the Breakfast Pot Pie with a side of hash browns & a side of bacon and was delicious! The Breakfast pot pie comes on a puff pastry square, topped with sausage gravy and an egg cooked to your choice! I would definitely get it again. My gf had the sweet potato pancakes and they were delicious as well, super savory flavor to say the least. The service is always excellent and we are always happy to come back :)"
"From reviews and the extremely long wait I expected much more.  The staff was indeed great.    Our server was very attentive and kind.  The food however was just average.  The regular brewed coffee was honestly the worst I have tasted.  I had blueberry pancakes that were very heavy and had a slight burnt taste.  I also had a side of scrambled eggs that were among the best I've had.  So I guess it was a mixed bag.  Great people, lousy coffee, not great pancakes but great eggs.  If you don't like setting around dogs ask for a seat inside which will undoubtedly make your long wait longer."
We discovered snooze while we were in San Diego but that's a different review. I was excited to see they had several AZ locations. We had to wait 10-15 minutes for a table - worth it.  The staff gave great service and the manager was a WONDER WOMAN!  (Kristin?) she was everywhere and still had the time to have a nice conversation with us about the history of snooze. We all had different meals and had to taste each other's because they were so delicious. This place is a must no matter what city you are in.
Good food nice location will definitely recommend this noteworthy place in Phx AZ. Great breakfast.
"Food was great! Service was great, Charles was very informative and patient with us since this was our first time here. The table next to us was a bit obnoxious complaining the whole time they were here about pretty much nothing. But overall it was a great experience! I will be back! Samoa cookie pancakes for the win!"
"Update: today we decided to give it another shot because there was no wait. Our waiter RC was a phenomenal waiter! He was helpful, informative and had a great attitude. We also had the balloon guy come to our table which was great because waiting with a 3 year old and 2 year old is hard. The food was great also. Glad they hired RC and changed my opinion about their staff."
"Almost always a wait because this place is so damn good. I got the Benny Goodman, a different take on eggs benedict. Folks I was with got eggs and or pancakes (the sweet potato and buttermilk pancakes were the best. Service is friendly and no too solicitous. Closes at 2:30 on Sunday. Oh, and Snooze has a bar for those of us who enjoy a bloody mary, mimosa, or bellini with our breakfast."
"Knew there would be a wait...but the the one thing I  really wanted to go for was the yummy pancakes.  I specifically asked our waitress if there was a pancake and eggs item.  She said no, had to order separate.  We placed our order and I ordered my 3.50 pancake.  We had great service for the first half of our experience. Our food came out and my pancake was raw inside! The batter was liquidy!! I showed the waitress the issue and she promptly took it back to ""show the cooks"".  30 minutes later...she returns ...my coffee still empty...acting surprised that someone else hadn't brought my pancake back out .  Then 15 min after that...she returns again saying they were just making sure it was fully cooked.  Still no coffee refill offered.  At that point, we had finished our meals! It was clear she had forgotten to follow up on my order to begin with and thought lying to me ...twice ... Would pacify me.  I told her to forget the pancake...and we also had to get up and ask another server for our own to go box.  Truly she was clueless about the entire situation ....very disappointed and i won't be returning."
"Amazing food and service!!! Pineapple upside down pancakes were to die for!! Chilaquiles Benedict had just the right amount of spice!!
And the Mmmm Mmmm Mimosa and Spicy bloody Mary top it all off!! Can't wait to go back!!!"
"Wow!  Here's a restaurant that found a niche and sticks with what works!  had the pancake sampler, corned beef hash, eggs benedict (different types), and other stuff (table of six).  Mimosas were flowing and it was a great breakfast place.  Time for more restaurants in the area as this one was always crowded (20 minute wait at 10am on Friday morning)!"
"First impression : I'm about to die from starvation, why would I wait 50 minutes for breakfast! Lady, I did fasting cardio...cut me a break!

Well, my other half has lived nearby in the past and kept raving about this place. After listening to him and reading their yelp reviews, we decided to wait.

Once we were seated, I ordered a Kentucky coffee(so good) and French toast. Omg, it came with mascarpone and was the best French toast ever! My drink was also to die for! Ryan got a breakfast burrito, which was enormous! All three of us loved our food!

The menu has a ton of options and the restaurant has a full bar!
 
I'm so glad we waited and will continue to come back!"
"Best breakfast I have ever had!  Worth any wait!  We had the pancake of the day, eggs Benedict and the chorizo hash.  Everything was seasoned perfectly."
"Can't wait to come back! Luckily, the boyfriend and I had a Wednesday morning off and could come when it's not standing room only. I ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict which was so delicious. The hollandaise sauce was spicy goodness! The boyfriend ordered the hash and I assume it was good considering he cleaned his plate in about 5 minutes. Will definitely be coming back to sample the Bloody Mary menu!"
"Snooze seems like the cool hip place to go to when in Phoenix. Our server was Charles and he was very nice. I got the breakfast burrito and my husband got the Oreo pancake with eggs and bacon. The environment is really nice. One thing I noticed is that they don't ask you if you want indoor or outdoor seating. They just sit you wherever. We were seated outside, but it was ok because they had burners all around providing heat. I would most likely come back here when I come to visit AZ again."
"My partner and I came here to celebrate my birthday and everything was beyond our highest expectations!! I had the Mmm mmm Mimosa with Promegranate liquor and we shared two dishes- the corned beef hash and eggs and the sweet potato pancakes with caramel syrup and caramelized pecans. Wow! First time I've ever actually tasted fresh (real!) corned beef for breakfast (instead of the Spam-like stuff most restaurants serve. The pancakes were the best we've ever had. Note the empty plate in the picture. Our waiter was Charles and he was the best - friendly, knowlegable and attentive. We will be coming here every time we come through Phoenix!"
A month back some girlfriends and I came in for breakfast we enjoyed our visit. We had to wait a while to be seated and the bloody marys could have been a little better but the service and food was great! A girlfriend picked the multiple types of pancakes and she thoroughly enjoyed all of them. I would recommend this place. They also have a huge breakfast burrito if your really hungry!
Cool eclectic look and menu great combinations on breakfast. Service was friendly place was clean. They have a full bar. Would definitely come back again when I'm on vacation. Go during the week there is an hour wait on weekends
"Watching a couple play on the ping pong table, while enjoying some time out on the patio, drinking my tasty Guatemalan coffee.
Snooze eatery is a place where my friends and I like to grab a bite to eat pretty regularly. It's a win-win because their menu takes care of the vegan people, the veggies people, meat eaters and everything in between. My daughter loves their gluten-free pancakes! Thus it scores yet another point. My fave is the OMG French Toast.
This is a breakfast brunch joint. Servers are great and attentive. Food yummy and tasty! Arrive early to avoid the crunch. Crunch wait times Will be anywhere from 25 to 45 minute wait. It's worth it. They give you free coffee. Yeah that Snooze Guatemalan house blend.

Check it out. And support local business!!"
"Finally writing this review! Visited in January and being the pancake addict that I am, pretty obvious what I ordered. 

Overall- Excellent presentation, great service and unique decor/clean restaurant.

Flight w/ sweet potato, pancake of the day (board was not changed) and cinnamon I think. Food came quickly but I realized POTD was not what the board said at the front of the store. No worries tho because my server said I could swap for any other pancake on the menu. (Or the OMG F. Toast) 

Couldn't decide between the Nana's seasonal and the blueberry danish, so guess what? My server gave me both at no additional charge!! Score 

Turns out those were my favorites anyway! Amazing flavors. My least favorite was the recommended sweet potato but will be back to try them all!!

Pancake addicts and aficionados must come and eat! Enjoy"
Saturday mornings can be a little bit of a wait but well worth it! Some of the options on the menu you see on here are only seasonal so be mindful of that. All that being said the food and atmosphere were lovely. I love that they had 2 choices of veggie protein which is not often the case. 5 stars!
Great food absolutely love that my spear need to work on breakfast drinks the Mimosa is absolutely horrible.
"Being from Colorado, you would expect me to already know about Snooze. However, I had never heard about the ones in Denver so this was a surprise. Really glad we found this place and look forward to visiting the one in my home state soon.

We hit Snooze right after hiking Camelback Mountain so we were starving and ready for a hearty breakfast. Snooze did NOT disappoint!.

Tara ordered the Huevos Rancheros. She was convinced that she would need my help to finish it but it was soooo good that she got er done all by herself! I did get a couple of bites and it rocked! I ordered an Omelette with chorizo for some extra kick and protein. Like the Huevos, this dish was amazing as well. Very tasty and appropriately filling.

Our servers were terrific as well. One was from Colorado and was the one who enlightened us to the fact that this place got started there. Not only was she very attentive, she surprised us with the house special pancake as an additional treat! Like the rest of what we had, it was rock solid!

Next time we're in Denver, I'm hunting another one down!"
"Great food, great service, great environment. Horrible music though. All you could hear was loud, deep, throbbing bass the whole time and it drove us nuts. Something a bit more melodious in the morning would be welcome. It's already a boisterous place, no need to add to the noise, Snooze. But again: GREAT food and service."
"My brother found this place, and we went while I was in Phoenix on business. Have only eaten there once, but the huevos rancheros was awesome. The servers were attentive but left us alone to visit, and we didn't wait more than a couple of minutes. (But it was a Thursday at 9 am.) Loved it, will definitely go again!"
"Perfect breakfast place! You can't go wrong here! I couldn't decide which Benedict I wanted and they let me mix and match them. Delicious! Mom had the French toast and was kind enough to share a bite. That was amazing too!!!!  

They have great coffee and loose leaf teas (my favorite). 

Highly recommend this to anyone."
"I was on a work trip and wanted to eat something other than hotel breakfast and saw this place on Yelp. It was moderately busy and they kindly sat me outside on my request. I ordered the breakfast burrito with green sauce and got the food relatively quickly. The service was great and responsive despite me being only 1 of 2 parties out in the patio. The burrito wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was good for the price!"
"Snooze is an amazing twist on breakfast! Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food and the service was excellent! If you do t get there early there will most definitely be a wait on the weekend. This location is nice because there is a lot of shopping nearby to kill the time along with games and huddles for the kids. They take your phone number and text you when your table is almost ready so you can come to hostess to get seated which is nice.

The food and atmosphere were great! We had the pancake of the day which were a Carmel flavor and the blueberry Danish pancakes which were both excellent. I definitely recommend them!"
Land from Miami saw this spot 13 min away on Yelp and I loveeeed it!! Sweet potato pancakes. They need to open a spot up in Miami
"First time at Snooze today. Sunday, 10 AM, place packed but the wait was only a half hour for the six of us. (As we left, I heard the host say it was an hour and a half wait.)

Read lots of reviews about bad service but they seem to have fixed that issue. Our server promptly greeted us, offering menus and drinks. 

After we all arrived, our server offered to answer any questions about the menu. She took our orders, which were: Breakfast Pot Pie, Juan's Breakfast Taco trio, Snooze Spuds Deluxe (2), Breakfast Burrito and Ham Benedict III. 

They all looked and smelled wonderful. My Benedict was excellent: toasty English muffin, lots of chopped ham, poached egg and cheesy hollandaise sauce. It also came with hash browns. I asked for them crispy and they were perfect. 

The hollandaise was lacking the tang of lemon but was much more savory than normal. 

During our meal, a balloon-animal dude was cruising the place, keeping the kids happy. 

Give Snooze a try but plan on a wait. There are some shops nearby, which help pass the wait time."
"My friend who used to live in Denver, where I believe Snooze is based, told me before they opened that the food was wonderful. Well, she was right. I can't believe my good fortune that they moved into the Town & Country in my 'hood. I came after a doctor's appt because I was starving from fasting. 

I sat at the bar and was immediately greeted by the friendly bartender. Another lady saw my bandage from having blood drawn and was considerate enough to ask me if I wanted a piece of toast or something. I ended up ordering a ""flight"" of pancakes where you can order 1 of 3 different flavors. Whoever decided to offer that option is, in my opinion, a brilliant person. I also love that they have such distinct and interesting pancake options. I ended up noshing on carrot cake (which ended up being the fave), sweet potato and a ""pancake of the day"" which had chocolate chips and cherries. I got a side of the house-made chicken sausage which was amazing. I'm not sure what herbs they seasoned with but it looks like a pounded, cubed steak. But it was very moist and not too salty. 

I've only been back there another time since and I exercised the half and half option for their ""art of hollandaise"" items. Another great option! I got to try two kinds of but the winner was the Havana Benny. Here's the description: Shaved Niman Ranch ham and slow roasted pork served over a savory Swiss cheese bread pudding and topped with poached eggs, Dijon hollandaise and diced house pickles. The ham was really the winning ingredient here but all of it came together nicely. 

I noticed this place draws a varying demographic. I saw families with kids and grandmas like one would see at IHOP. But I also saw hipsters on the patio and at the bar. I'm not sure if the place's popularity is at play or because it's new, but weekends, expect an hour wait for brunch. Otherwise, try to go on a week day."
Although the wait was 50-60minutes it was well worth it there is plenty to look at around while waiting! The food was great service was fast and good! Environment on a Sunday is very upbeat and fun! Definitely recommend checking them out maybe on a weekday of your not the waiting type!
"Great place to eat with cool atmosphere. Food was delicious and I loved listening to old school hiphop during breakfast. They also text you when your table is ready so you can check out boutiques and shops nearby, instead of cramming into a lobby. Would definitely recommend."
"This is a great place to meet friends for breakfast but be aware there is always a wait. 
Get there when they open on weekends for the least resistance. 
The food is good and so is the service.  There is gratis coffee while you wait near the fountain for a table.   I have not had a negative experience here yet."
We had a wonderful brunch!! Fun place and a great selection to choose from. The only problem was we couldn't decide!!  Waffles delicious!
"Just wow! I had the best breakfast today thanks to this place. First, my mimosa was out of this world, then I ordered the burrito which was also super good. We ordered a ton of food when we came here. The wait is a bit long, but have no fear. There is an amazing outlet store called last chance across the store and you could get so many great deals. Back to the restaurant, the waiter and waitress were amazing and super friendly."
"The best breakfast in town.  I have not had a single bad experience at any Snooze location.  If you are a meat and potatoes person, they have a pile of hash browns with whatever fixings you want!"
"Hands down the most creative ""versions"" of Eggs Benedict. I had the Benny Goodman;  lox and cream cheese. Absolutely delicious. I wish I could give this new spot I just discovered 5 stars, however their drink menu and back bar need an overhaul. Friendly staff and good music!"
"Apparently they have these in California, Arizona, Texas, and Colorado - how about coming to Milwaukee!? This is a swanky indoor & outdoor brunch spot. I had a Bangkok Bloody while we waited for our table - it had Sriracha, lime, cilantro, basil, fish sauce, and fixings - very unique & satisfying! When I got to the table, I also ordered an iced dirty drunken chai with espresso, coffee liquor, and cruzan rum - again, very delicious. Our server was hilarious and great - even sitting down and chatting with us for awhile. The perhaps best thing about this place is that you can order a Benny Duo - can't deiced which benedict you want to order? No problem, you can get 1 of each!!! Every girl's dream. They have lots of options (classic, lox style salmon & cream cheese over toasted rye, prosciutto & arugula over ciabatta, and more) but I ended up going with the Chili Verde with pulled pork and Steak + Eggs atop roasted poblano cheddar grit cakes with asparagus, roasted mushrooms, and tomato. They were both probably the best benedicts I've ever had. A+"
"FINALLY!!!!!!! A breakfast place in this center.....I enjoyed my experience from the friendly staff to the delicious food....upscale funk....
The employees seemed excited about Snooze, customers, the food and just everything...
Wait staff knowledgable about the menu and made good suggestions...
Because a good cup of coffee can't be beat...I ordered a house coffee...
Because basic eggs and potatoes can't be beat..I ordered the 3 eggs and home fries with a side of pico de g....the eggs were a perfect over easy...potatoes delicious with   just the right seasoning....the pico was fresh and delicious....catsup would be insulting the chef...
I will definitely return to try the other tempting dishes on menu....
BRAVO'!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Finally tried Snooze and glad we did 
Have driven by Snooze many times over the last couple of months but never put 2 + 2 together to figure out that's what all the people were waiting for... though they were hanging out at the juice joint next door. 

Pro's 
~Friendly staff
~Dog friendly patio
~I love a breakfast joint that can get my bacon right the first time around..I like it burned to a crisp literally and that's just what I got 
~Coffee is great
~Pancakes are amazing.. we ordered blueberry pancake instead of toast and they were mmm.mmm good. Stuffed with nice, big, fresh, juicy, real blueberries 
~The hash browns are great too
~Ping pong to play if you're not lucky enough to get there early
~Complimentary coffee while you wait for a table


Con's
~Long wait depending on what time you arrive.. Our first visit we came at 7am and we got seated right away, 2nd visit we got there at 10:30 am right smack in the middle of their brunch rush... we ended up ordering pancakes to go...they were just as good as eating them their
~If you choose to sit at the bar it's a little slower service as the bar is also prepping drinks for the whole restaurant

Overall 4 stars... we will be back for sure"
"Do you appreciate a boozy breakfast? Well... this might be your joint. 

French toast and breakfast tacos are legit, as well as liberally poured mimosas and Kentucky Coffee.

Be prepared for a wait, but there is seating at the bar if it is just you or a +1.

Enjoy!"
"The food is phenomenal and creative.  I would give a 5 star review for the FOOD, but it is getting a 3 due to the following.  We order 2 to 3 times per week from this Snooze, breakfast to go orders.  When ordering we ask for a couple of tweaks or add on's nothing complicated or unusual yet two out of three times the order is wrong.  They even read it back to you on the phone and manage to still get it wrong?  We have called and pointed it out, we have called and complained, makes no difference.  I am not sure if it is the kitchen messing it up or the hostess, also not sure why the orders are not checked for accuracy when they come out.

I know we are not the only ones as on several occasions we have ended up with other peoples entire order, or some thing in our bag we did not order or pay for meaning someone else's order is no doubt missing that.

I am about to call the manager as the order we just picked up.//// is wrong.  We are talking about 3 breakfasts, that's it, and they can't get It right?"
"Lower east sider is so simple, fresh, and delicious. their cup of joes are great as well"
Definitely one of my favorite places for breakfast/brunch. Love the brewmosa as a morning cocktail and just tried the chile verde benny with soyrizo and oh my gosh.  can't wait to come back.
"Great food when I've been here in the past but their service has done nothing but gone downhill with an influx of customers. After being told we would have a 30 minute wait, we finally were sat after over an hour with no apology, then no waiter or waitress came to our table for fifteen minutes so we left. Bummed too because the food really is good!"
"It was my first time here, and it was fantastic! My aunt and I were debating on what to have and decided to split a scramble and French toast. The waiter was amazing and informed us we could have two different French toasts as one order. We had the OMG and the Neat. Both were absolutely wonderful. In the scramble we had mushrooms, bacon and cheddar. The bacon was good quality, thick cut and the veggies were fresh. All of the food was great but the service really got me hooked. The waiter was so helpful and friendly. We told him we were splitting and he thoughtfully split it all. So sad that I'm from out of town and not able to enjoy this great breakfast joint!"
Wow! No one is snoozing back in the kitchen of this place! The craziest eggs benedict I've ever had. Really good too! I'll be back for more!
"I've eaten lox many times and I know that it isn't cooked. However, I was served a cooked piece of Salmon. Hmmm...guess they think minorites don't know what it looks or taste like"
"I would give this an extra star for the food but did not because of the waiting experience. This place is not bad at all. I am suggesting they have some benches outside for the crowd that waits outside. Also, location isn't bad but the size of the AM eatery is a bit too small for the amount of customers they receive."
I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes and they were so delicious! My only complaint is that the service was pretty slow even though they weren't packed. I will definitely return here again though!
"won us over the first girls' brunch we had there. I am not even a pancake person but you better believe I get a pancake every single time I go. Don't forget to ask what the pancake of the day is! 

They recently revamped their menu.. I know it was recent because I went a week ago and it happened in between then and Saturday morning. They added a ton of delicious stuff. I tried the caprese eggs benedict a little worried I made a terrible decision. Alas, the food came out and I did not make a terrible decision. The egg was cooked perfectly. Execution: flawless. Devour time: 4 min. 

The only thing I hate is the wait time but I guess that is a good thing..for them. Always packed. They just implemented a new system to let you know your table is ready though; they text you which is great.. You can go walk around the shops while you wait.

Don't forget to try a beermosa."
"My family's go to breakfast spot!! Seriously delicious food and a very relaxed atmosphere! But be prepared to wait-- usually a 40minute wait, even closer to lunchtime. I love the fact that they rotate the menu seasonally! Makes for awesome and delicious choices. My current favorite are the chilequilles Benedict (it has a fancier name but whatever). Instead of English muffin, the base is a delicious layer of corn tortillas and it's stuffed with barbocoa and cheese and an amazing green chili hollandaise. Sooooo good! I also love the fact they let you mix and match different types, so you can really customize to your taste bud's delight! Don't forget to do the pancake flight! The blueberry Danish pancakes are amazeballs-- not for the faint-hearted sweets hater. Also, not for diabetics. ;) Can be pricey for the overall meal, but very much well-worth it!!"
"I usually do not write a review on my first time going to restaurants unless I'm out of town and they have one chance to make a first impression.  However, this place is an exception.  I went here for my first time last week and we were amazed.  Now, we did go here during off peak hours (9am on a Wednesday) but the restaurant was fairly full.  

Service was ok, a bit on the slow side but she was great.  Remembered everything and provided good suggestions.   We got a 3 egg omelet with hash browns and a side of pancake (yes, I was hungry) and the breakfast tacos.  A pleasant surprise, but they also have a full coffee bar!  So we had to get a latte... better than the chain coffee joint I must say.

Everything was great.  The hash browns were a little soggy on the inside but crispy outside.  Buttermilk pancake.... excellent!  Omelet, light and fluffy... compliments to the cook.  Most breakfast places certainly do not make omelets like this.  The breakfast tacos were also great and you get to pick what you want in them.  

All in all, not your normal breakfast place so any comparison to IHOP, Denny's etc do not make any sense.  This place is not like them so do not expect to see the Grand Slam for $5.  If you are looking for a moderately priced breakfast place close to Biltmore, the 51 or that is centrally located, this is it.  Be sure to get there at a reasonable time, it seems like this place would go on a wait quickly."
First of all what a cool and relaxed enviorment to walk into. We were  greeted and sat promptlty. The first miss that walked up to the table took our drink order and brought us our drinks as well. Although there was a bit of a gap in between the drinks and the actual server making it to our table everything was a great start.. it was our first time so it gave us a moment to browse the menu and enjoy our coffee!. We all ordered seperate plates of different choices. All were great! To top it off we shared the caramel apple pancakes!!! What a pleasant surprise these were. By far the best pancakes I have ever had!. The meals were great! The price was great! We will with out doubt be back! Good job guys!!!
"Amazing addition to the Biltmore area! This is the best breakfast place around (get here early to avoid a long wait, especially on 
the weekends). But to fill the void of waiting, Snooze so kindly enough has complimentary coffee from Guatemala for the customers waiting. 

I have been here numerous times already and everything we tried is delicious. Highly recommend the pancakes. The pancakes are light, fluffy, sweet and never get soggy. OMG French toast is another hit. Corned beef hash, eggs Benedict, just plain eggs, Juans breakfast tacos would all be ordered again!

Make sure to come on an empty stomach - it's worth it!"
"Cute ambiance, but the food and service did not match the exterior. Pancakes were dry and heavy. French toast was just average. Coffee was hot and delicious. Thankfully it was not crowded so there was no wait, but our server was not very attentive. She never came over to ask how our food was or to refill coffee... disappointing since it wasn't busy. I would go to other much better places in the area."
"Delicious and great service! It took a while to get seated, but it was well worth the wait. The prices are a little high, but what place isn't these days? Good thing I don't live close, or I would be here every weekend! :)"
"I've been coming to this Snooze location for quite some time now. Be prepared - there's usually a 35 to 45 minute wait. You will give them your phone and they will text you when your table is ready.

I still love their menu. They have great variety of breakfast foods - brunchy things -nice amount of a.m. cocktails. Like a brewmosa-beer with splash of OJ. Who knew?:)

Waiters are great. Food is fresh and hot. Love the all natural sourcing for ingredients. Such as using a local dairy for dairy products or using real maple syrup from Vermont. :-) 
Even when they are slammed, you don't have a too long of a wait to get your food. Added benefit- they make tasty gluten free pancakes, for those who need items to be gf.
Now if they could just add misters to the patio seating, that would surely earn an extra two stars."
"Just finished up another AMAZING experience at Snooze.  Don't let the wait scare you.  It's more than worth it.  The food is great and the service is even better.  I work in the service industry so can be critical.  Our server was Taylor and she is wonderful.  Always smiling, friendly and made for a great experience.  I would wait longer just to sit in her section. Thank you again and I will be back!!"
"We were here from out of town to have breakfast and omg this place wayyyy exceeded my expectations!
First of all it was super busy but we were able to sit outside right away it was nice and sunny!

Our waitress was sooo nice!

The hot cocoa she said would be the best I've had and yes it was I was craving some now that I'm back home!

The eggs Benedict was the best we ever had it was perfect and the hash browns on the side amazing as well!

Since we were there from out of town our waitress brought over a pancake for us to try had blueberry and cream cheese it was good!
My boyfriend also loved his mocha!

We can't wait to come back to visit again we will definitely be coming here!

And bring one to Oregon please!"
Best brunch!!! The mimosa's and Bloody Mary's were amazing! My kids and I loved the OMG French Toast.  It was so good! We will go back again for the amazing drinks and food.  Great service too!  It was an hour wait but well worth it!
"Amazing pancakes!  We had a few samples brought out for our group this morning and they were perfect. We had the server pick the spread and it would not have been my first choice, glad we let him. They were perfect! !"
This is my favorite breakfast spot in Arizona. Do yourself a favor and get the Benedict. The ham Benedict is incredible.
"Having eaten at a Snooze in Denver, I was thrilled to hear there was one in Phoenix! We went on a Monday, and only had to wait 10 minutes to be seated. I felt the service was a little slow, but our server was kind, so it wasn't too big of a deal.

I ordered the breakfast pot pie, having eyed it before. I ended up not liking it at all. There was too much gravy, and the pastry was kind of gross. I couldn't eat even a 1/3 of it. My husband ordered the corned beef hash, and it was delicious, but the portion was TINY. He was still quite hungry after finishing. We both tried our toddler's blueberry pancakes and they were so good. It made me wish we had just stuck with the pancake flight instead of delving into the savory dishes."
All I can say is amazing and a must breakfast stop. The service was excellent my friend's water was never empty and my coffee mug always tired off. Our waitress was really nice and explained that even if there isn't a pancake flavor on the menu that if they have the ingredients the chefs will whip it up. Food was so good. OMG French toast was amazing covered with strawberries and toasted coconut with cream and caramel sauce. I live they offer the pancake flight because they have so many yummy sounding pancakes it would be to hard to choose just one to try. The flight let's you choose 3 flavors. Definitely will be back need to try out the rest of the menu. We sat outside on the patio which was nice and they have heaters that you can have them turn on. Inside looks warm and inviting too.
"This place's food is sooo good. Very good eggs benedict, very good peanut butter pancakes. These people got it going on, I highly recommend going here."
"Went on Sunday at 8:30.  There was a line up for tables on the inside.  They asked if we would like to go outside.  They had heaters going and it was most pleasant on the patio.  As others have mentioned, the ambient noise in the main restaurant is loud.  It was much quieter on the patio.  The background music was a bit loud.  We asked one of the servers to lower the level which they were most happy to do so.  Now....to the food!  I had the breakfast burrito.  I think one of these would be enough for THREE people.  It was huge!  Enough for breakfast for the next two days.  The wait staff were very attentive, refilling our coffee numerous times.  I was impressed that the food runner came out with our plates and without asking, placed all the orders correctly.  No asking who gets this.  Will definitely go back again!"
As a breakfast enthusiast I am always looking for a great eggs Benedict. The ham Benedict III was brilliant. The game was soft and flavorful while the sauce was the creamiest thing I have ever tasted. Eggs were poached to perfection! I am still reeling over that mea!
"I don't get the hype. This place was recommended to me by an acquaintance as a breakfast place must for my trip to Phoenix. Yes, the decor is cute, but the food does not match up--at least not what I got. 

Our server was really nice and enthusiastic about the food. Because it was our first time there, he brought us his favorite pancake--on the house. I believe it was a pineapple upside down pancake. Unfortunately, we ordered before I was able to taste the pancake. I do not like the syrup they use here. It has an odd flavor that I'm not used to and that doesn't taste like maple syrup (and yes, I've had real maple syrup before). So, my french toast was not good, in my opinion, because of the syrup. But I got the french toast because it sounded good and it came highly recommended.

My husband got Juan's Breakfast Tacos, and I liked that much better. Perhaps other dishes are better, but I'd venture out to try another place before I tried this place again."
"i went to Snooze for breakfast with two friends today. I guess I must be missing something. The food was just average, as was the service. We didn't have too long of a wait on a Sunday morning, which was good.  It is very busy so the patrons must enjoy eating mediocre food.  The mimosa was just ok, and the coffee was terrible. Sorry, just not impressed. I was very disappointed."
Great food. Great place to eat! Want something different? Eat at Snooze! Worth the wait time.
They have some of the best pancakes  in town . Service is a little  slow. Try the cinnamon  pineapple  upside down and peanut butter. Desert  for breakfast
"A lot of hoopla from my Denver friends so I had to check it out. High hopes ends in disappointment. 

First issue, unorganized front desk. Seating people out of check-in order (same size party) makes for a frustrating experience. Four tables sitting empty for nearly 10 minutes with people waiting  (that never makes sense to me). From what I could tell, the front desk nedeed ""one"" person to take control. In a nutshell, too many employees standing around staring at the iPads.

After a 25 minute wait (we were advised 10-15) we make it to the table and I ordered a glass of cranberry juice. Whatever you do, don't order it! When it arrived in a tall glass it was nearly clear with a hint of pink. I knew at that very moment we had a problem. I took a sip and as I expected it was watered down and barely resembled cranberry. Why would you serve this? I then ordered the Bella Bella which was quite good. I would definetly recommend it. 

So would I visit again? No"
"The food here is extraordinary.  I had the chilaquiles benedict and they were swoon worthy.    I did not give it 5 stars because the noise level in the restaurant is painful.  I have slight hearing loss (as do many of us) and the ambient noise is magnified and conversation is impossible. 
If noise is not an issue for you, I am sure you will give it 5 stars."
"Wow what a treat!  Extremely busy but the staff are attentive and have their act together. Always nice even under a lot of volume pressure.

The two meals we had here were truly outstanding. Perfectly poached farm eggs, home made corn beef hash and hollandaise. 

Great staff, comfy bar stools, excellent food and a variety of beers and custom cocktails. Nothing more I could ask for except to open one up in Birmingham - I'm begging you!"
"WOW!  We got there, and there was a line.  They asked for my cell phone number.  I gave it to them and instantly got an email telling me that I would get another text when my table is ready.  A quick 15 minutes later, the four of us sat.  So many good choices!  I had the pancake flight with my choice of any three of their pancake flavors!  All three were great!  I had chocolate batter with strawberries, blueberry pancakes, and pineapple upside down!   the coffee was also good.  the others with me enjoyed theirs also.  One commented how much they like the weight of the silverware!  don't you hate when the fork weighs less then plastic ware--not here!  My wife said the bathroom was clean but a bit small.  Anyway, this is the first location in AZ.  I will be back, and I. Highly recommend it if you are nearby.  We drove from ahwatukee and it was worth the drive!  The general manager came from Paradise bakery, and knows how to please guests!  I would have bought a hat or tshirt as a souvenir, but did not see them displayed anywhere!  Oh well, maybe next time!  Snooze AM Eatery!  Only open until 2:30, so enjoy a hearty breakfast!"
This is a great place to come for breakfast our brunch. The food here overall has great flavor and textures. The staff is friendly and attentive. The Ham Benedict III is quite  excellent. Then hollandaise sauce has a great balance that is not overly tart. The pineapple upside down and sweet potato pancakes are light and fluffy. I was not impressed by the pretzel bun. This is a great place to come and enjoy some great food.
"This place has the worst service and constantly messes up my order through the to go service. I've had my to go order messed up at least 7 times now. I've probably only ordered there 10 times in all. My boss loves the food so I continue to pick up food from them but I am constantly trying to fix errors with them. My boss's card was overcharged today and then after making a phone call about the incorrect order and incorrect charge, they told me I should be thankful for the extra food. This is so infuriating as it wasn't ""extra"" food. It was the wrong order and a waste of food."
"Sunday AM brunch. As expected, super long wait - 65 minutes. We decided to grab a drink and wait by the bar- ended up finding seats after about 35-40 minutes. Now the food - excellent! It was busy so it took a very long time for it to come out, but totally worth it. I really appreciate that they let you do a duo for the Benedict. I couldn't decide between two different varieties and got one of each for the same price. We ordered French toast for dessert - now I've had my fair share of French toast, but this was by far the best. We usually order a half portion for dessert but decided on a full and boy, I'm glad we did because I downed pretty much the whole thing and my BF got like a bite or two...maybe. Usually not a food hog, but It was just that good. 

Our bartender was super cool - she realized she made a regular mimosa instead of a pineapple one for someone and offered me the incorrect one instead of just spilling it. 

Snooze was on our list of things to try when we visited Denver, but we didn't get the chance. I'm SO glad we were able to in Phoenix!"
A friend suggested this place. It's always busy and after waiting awhile (45 mins) to be seated I can say I wasn't Impressed. This food is heavy comfort food. All I had was scrambled eggs and potatoes and it felt as if I was eating a plate of grease. I felt sick the rest of the day because all the grease was so unsettling. Over rated and over priced. .75 cents for a slice of toast? No thanks. I'll be spending time and money elsewhere. On a positive note the servers were kind although he admitted to forgetting about my table.
"If Snooze AM Eatery was a person, I would get down on one knee and propose. Then I would kiss it on the mouth. This place is AWESOME!!! 

I can't get enough of their Pancake Flight, where you can choose any three flavors. My preferred combination is the blueberry danish, pineapple upside down, and the sinful (which is a cinnamon roll pancake with bacon). 

I can't wait until they open a Snooze in Gilbert!!! In the meantime, I will continue making the Pancake Pilgrimage to Phoenix on weekends. 

P.S. If you go, ask for Chanel. She is the best server ever!"
"PROS
Nice atmosphere, dog friendly patio. Great coffee. Good food
CONS
lax service, no actual 'traditional' food offerings

I've been several times and will continue to go, but wish they'd improve the service.

Would be 3-1/2 stars if that were an option."
"Everyone we spoke to on our trip recommended to try Snooze. My friend has been to this restaurant once before, and so we decided upon this breakfast place. It does get busy, so I do recommend going early. We went around 7 AM and luckily got one of the last few tables before it started getting super busy.

 Nicely decorated atmosphere with their own special decorations. Loved that they had cute modern round tables in the middle of the restaurant. 

Food wise, I ordered the Reuben sandwich. Yes crazy to have this for breakfast, but it was available; and Reuben sandwiches are my favorite! Definitely a great tasting sandwich, and it does come with a side salad if you prefer. My friend ordered their pancake flight; and she choose the sweet potato, blueberry danish, and bourbon street pumpkin pancakes. 

I do recommend if you're in the area and need a breakfast place; try out Snooze!"
Awesome breakfast stop for the family. A bit of a wait but well worth it--put your name in and stroll around the plaza a bit. Good gluten free options on all pancakes (no extra charge). We hit this place in Denver and were happy to find it in AZ.
"This breakfast was probably top 5 breakfasts of my life- the food was outstanding....the creativity and variety of breakfast foods and not to mention DRINKS! Yes, like alcoholic breakfast drinks. They have a full bar in there too! They have such unique egg benedicts and if you can't decide (like me) they have the Benny Duo which u can pick 2 different eggs Benedict- super clever. AND a pancake flight because we also couldn't all decide on the pancakes which were AHmazing. Our server Charles was on point, super friendly and just on it lol probably one of the better servers I have come across in a long while too! Great experience at Snooze, I will most definitely be back!"
"I only give 3 stars because of their drinks.   My friend and I went Sunday for brunch and sat at the counter Bc the wait was over 45 min.   We LOVED our food....tacos, pot pie, and blueberry pancakes.   There wasn't a crumb left.   However the disappointing part were the drinks.  I ordered a bloody marry. And he order mm mm mimosa.   And we basically got oj and Tomato juice w a kick.  There was zero alcohol in either.   Somewhere with such great food should do better w their drinks.  Service was ok.  Not great. Not bad.  He was attentive after he finally greeted us.  Very sweet and a nice guy.  But when we told him the drinks were no good.  He made a joke and that was it.      I will def go back Bc food is amazing.  But I won't waste money on cocktails probably"
"One of the places where the food keeps you coming but the service sucks. I get that they are busy but you shouldn't be rushing your customers out the door at the end of their meal, especially after waiting 45 minutes to an hour. We have started ordering take out and it is far more enjoyable and no waiting for a table!"
"All good things come to those who wait.And we did! For a good 35 minutes before we could lay our hands on these beauties.
The Pancakes Pineapple upside down and blueberry were Amazing.Soft and fluffy just sheer perfection! I loved the vanilla creme anglaise and cinnamon butter.
The french toast served with strawberries, mascarpone and maple syrup was so Yum.
My omelette had caramelized onions,cherry peppers,mushrooms & cheese.(you can choose your fillings).

The only disappointment was the Hash brown it wasn't crispy at all.I'm not sure if that's the way they serve it.
They also have bunch of morning cocktails i had the Mmm mm Mimosa(Snooze Sparkling, Orange Juice & Pomegranate Liqueur) that tasted more like a plain orange Mimosa.

I'm definitely going back for those pancakes.But the wait time has to be endured (they are on a first come first serve basis).

Cheers!"
"I've just discovered my new favorite breakfast locale! 

I had the bangkok bloody mary and the snooze breakfast burrito.

The bloody mary: It was great! I love bloody mary's that are spiced with Siracha. They add crushed red pepper to the rim of the glass. That was a cool delicious add on. 

The breakfast burrito: Wow! So good. I will say, that I customized it. I had them do egg whites, avocado inside, no cheese and sauce on the side. Tons of moderations and they got everything correct! The black beans in the burrito are purred which is delicious. 

What a great little breakfast place. Good food, good drinks, good patio.....a win in my book."
"Great food but displeased by the customer service we received as a first time guest. We patiently waited the hour that we were quoted, but for one reason or the other our name got removed from the list by mistake according to the hostess. When the manager (Echo) came she basically blamed us and lied in saying that she had called for our party several times. We never got the second text message from the hostess and were also waiting right by the front door, our name was never called. Fact of the matter- I get it, you're busy...but you messed up, not me.  Echo, without even briefly looking in to the situation with the hostess, blamed us by default and didn't bother with an apology. This place lost 2 stars in my book for the less than average customer service offered by the manager Echo. Our server Stephanie was awesome, we were very well taken care of after we were finally seated."
"I'd heard about this restaurant and it's reputation in the mountains.  So when the family all woke up on new year's day, the youngest brother made us all trek down (from the North Valley) to Town & Country's new Snooze.

We were told 30-45 min wait and offered coffee while we waited.  We drank the coffee.  We got bored.  We wandered into Nordstrom Rack.  We tried on clothes,  We shopped,  We bought clothes.  An hour after our initial arrival... we get the text!  We were told a few minutes, you're next, just clearing a table.  10 minutes later, still waiting.  Several tables not being cleared.  Some tables get cleared!  We don't get seated.  Another 10 minutes later, we are seated.  The hostesses did not inspire confidence.  And it shouldn't take any restaurant 10 minutes to clear a table.

Our waitress is lovely.  She's knowledgeable and capable.  I like her.  She explains our options, gives us suggestions, etc.  I do the half benny as does a sister in law.  Many do pancakes, we have a burrito as well, a few pretzel sandwiches and pancakes on the side.  Coffee is good; I ordered grapefruit juice that was very delicious.

Food takes a while, they're clearly attempting to get the hang of things.
Food arrives.  I like the classic benny half but not the mexican version (it's bland).  SIL doesn't like her mexican benny either, but the havana is deemed delicious.  Pancakes are fairly well received though husband and myself think they're too dry and kind of crunchy.  Husband also had Sam I Am sandwich and wasn't a fan.

I would go back to Snooze for the benedicts and the juice.  I think it has potential but it really needs to figure out it's service model and get people moving through faster.  In the meantime, I can have a similar or better brunch faster at other places.  Prices are pretty fair though.  Brunch for 6 split 3 ways as 31 (w/o tip for 2 people)."
Ahhhhmmmazing! Flipping tasty. Great atmosphere and menu variety. Staff was warm and helpful and the service was prompt. Zero complaints.
"I went with my GF girl. Lots of veggie and gluten free options so that makes us both happy.
Know that the wait times can be 30 - 45 mins or more depending on the time of day.

RC , in his stellar X-men t- shirt, was our waiter. Great service and food served by him. Though our hot chocolates were delivered by another Snooze waitress. The drinks were messy and there was overflow and spillage. She just said ""Sorry. Here are your messy drinks. ""Put them down and left. ? Seriously. I had to go ask for napkins. Usually all the waiters there are so attentive. That if they cover one another's sections, it's all seamless.

GF girl had corn beef hash and scrambled egg. They were kind and substituted a GF pancake for the regular toast.  I had the original French toast with Marscapone creme. I also ordered one egg scrambled with tangy goat cheese and a side of sliced bacon. So delish.  With the additional add ons  and each ordering a hot chocolate, we spent about $20 each. 

Good good and music. Great atmosphere. And there was an epic balloon twister entertaining young and old alike. We'll be back!"
"Oh.my.gosh. They have a pancake fight!

Unfortunately, I did not indulge in the flight this time around because I'm trying to watch my girlish figure. But I did have their 3 egg scramble with pulled pork, caramelized onions, and green chile sauce. It was seriously delicious. 

Our server was on-point, and the entire atmosphere of the restaurant was super cute and retro. You can tell the owners put a lot of emphasis on the details.

One last note: They have a wall of windows on every side of the restaurant with bar seating, and every window opens completely! So on a nice, sunny 70 degree day it's absolutely beautiful to sit in these areas. Highly recommended!

If you go on a weekend day or holiday, plan on waiting at least 1 hour for your table - but don't worry, it's worth it!"
"Everything is amazing here, the line is out the door but it's for a very valid reason. The food is 100, the service is great, I love everything about this place! They also give you free coffee while waiting! Definitely top contender for best breakfast in AZ, if not the best."
"Normally breakfast places are very ho hum, but not this place! We joined a large group of yelpers for breakfast and I'm in love...with the food that is... they have a pretty eclectic menu of ommelettes, crazy pancakes and several styels of eggs benedict. I opted for the Havana Benny, think a cuban sandwich but eggs benedict. The base was this killer swiss bread pudding topped with poached eggs, ham, roated pork, pickeles and this creamy sauce. Just insanely good. Wifey was a bore and got a pick three items omellete and some hash browns. all in all, fantastic food. I also had a few breakfast cocktails..the Bangkok, which iwas a spicy bloody mary and then a breakfast manhattan...yup you read that right. think Irish coffee but with bourbon and espresso...stupid good. Al in all, great place and I cant wait to go back"
"Amazing is the only word for this place. My husband and I have been there twice now and both times everything we got was fantastic!  It's not only the food, the hostess and servers are outstanding also. You're cheating yourself if you don't try this place!"
First of all the food is great i really liked it but the service from our server Megan was not so great she only came by our table once I tried to get her attention multiple times but she straight up ignore  us other then that the place was good.
"I will never push Snooze on a day I'm heading there!! Watch out for the waiting list but know that it's worth it!!!!!

The food was great! Not just great! Even the side of fruit was great! There was an assorted array of fruit that did not consist of unripe melons!!! 

The service was AWESOME!!!! We had two little girls with us and I would say that I would bring my children back!!!  

Thank you Snooze for getting me up early on a Sat!"
"This is a must when visiting Tucson! Reminds me of South Beach with all the Art Deco flavor. Pancakes, AWESOME!"
"The customer service once again is exceptional. Today we had breakfast pot pie and the chiliquillas Benedict. Delish!  The potatoes were off for some reason today. Not sure why,  but our server/mgr everything he could to make it right."
"Snooze is the real-deal breakfast spot. I'm so happy to have finally made it here, and even happier that it's so close to the Arcadia area.

The corned beef hash was amazing and definitely made in house which is an absolute ""must"". The bacon, thick cut and seasoned perfectly. I came here with my brother and he had a combination of two different eggs benedict (awesome that you can combine two different ones into a single dish) and a pineapple pancake. Every single part of the meal was fantastic.

To top it off the coffee was served hot and the service was on point with recommendations and timeliness. Definitely recommend if you can stand to wait at least 10-15 minutes even if it's not a busy weekend morning - this place gets packed quick, and for good reason!"
"We decided for a late ""lunch"" to hold us until a late dinner this evening. Arrived around 1 pm on a Saturday and found them still to be quite full. 20+ min wait for best available if you needed a table. Since it was just my wife and I, we were able to sit immediately at the counter. Attended to in a timely manner; they'll have coffee mugs upside down on a bevnap; if you want to automatically get coffee without having to say anything, just flip it upright and they'll fill it (a little rusty on my diner protocol.)

My wife had the Sweet Potato Hash and I the Smashed Avocado Benny. We both liked our selections, but we both opted to add some Cholula as a little extra heat is preferred. Service was attentive and upon our future visits to see our son performing with Ballet Arizona, we'll likely return."
"Came in here for bunch on Monday before my flight and I loved it! So happy to learn there are locations in California too (even though they're in SD, boo). The decor is super cute and has a hip, colorful Jetsons diner feel. I wish I had a bigger appetite so I could try more, but I had:

Breakfast Pot Pie: I expected this to be more like a chicken pot pie in presentation, but it's basically the top of a chicken pot pie with the gravy and an egg on top. The pastry is super flakey and delicious, as is the gravy. It's not a lot of substance, but it's still filling!

Pineapple Upside-Down Pancake: So glad I tried this too - probably the best pancake I've ever had. The actual pancake texture was perfect and the pineapple chunks and brown butter were an incredible complement to it. I'm ready to go back for more of this...

The boozy breakfast cocktails looked amazing too. If I weren't driving, I'd have tried a few. I wish there were more places like this in NorCal (and open super late). It's the perfect blend of traditional late-night diner and experimental hipster cafe. Yes please."
"Service was great. Food was just eh. Because I was so unimpressed by the food, I probably won't be back. Place was packed though so they must be doing something right."
"Overall I was not impressed.  I saw several great reviews and had high hopes and ended up very disappointed.  First, the use of space in this restaurant is atrocious.  Massive booths on the outside with entrance from either side of the booth, and half-moon tables with curved benches throughout the center portion of the restaurant.  They could have very easily made this a much more comfortable restaurant, however it appears they were more interested in a specific look versus functionality.

As far as the food goes, it was ok.  I had the Breakfast Burrito with chorizo and green chili sauce.  Very plain in flavor.  Sadly, I would say some of the local fast-food Mexican restaurants have much more flavorful breakfast burritos.

To be fair, I was with a large group and some of the group enjoyed their food more than me.  No one was overly impressed but some of them did feel their food and experience here was better than mine."
"I ate here yesterday, and it made me sick as a DOG! I will NEVER eat here again!

To give you some context, I do not have a sensitive stomach; friends often refer to me as having a stomach of the Gods. I can have bloody mary's for breakfast, chipotle for lunch (with all of their salsas), and indian food for dinner... without so much as a rumble from my tummy.

That being said, I ate one of their new sammies, the name of which escapes me. But basically, it was a pretzel bun, topped with cheesy eggs, a sausage patty, and cheddar hollondaise sauce... and one of the worst mistakes of my life. 

I am still recovering, unable to eat or keep fluids down, but I do seem to be improving slowly. 

Before this awful experience, I had eaten at the Snooze in Denver and found it to be a decent breakfast spot with bizarre, overly sweet pancakes. For that experience, I give them three stars... for this last experience, I give them none (but yelp makes me give at least one).

And getting sick once, is one too many times for me. This should NEVER happen at ANY resturant. Will definitely NOT be returning."
"Snooze is by far my favorite breakfast place. Their entire menu is amazing. I love their omelettes, and I REALLY love all of their gluten free options. As someone who is gluten free, I sometimes get frustrated at the lack of menu options for me at restaurants I try, but Snooze is great! I definitely suggest trying some of their gluten free pancakes. They are incredible! 

The service here is always great, but don't  go here if you are looking for a quiet breakfast spot. It's always packed and always pretty loud. I suggest arriving early, or be prepared to wait... Sometimes over an hour."
"Great place! Always busy and the food and service are always excellent! 

I typically just order the three egg breakfast with bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice. Never disappointed."
"So snoozey and absolutely to die for pancakes. German chocolate, pumpkin, and sweet potato.... served with amazing coffee. The atmosphere is a mid century modern meets dinner. The deduction was due to a little glitch in service. We didn't get our sides until well into the main dishes and coffee was hard to get a refill.Unfortunately the projected 10-15 minute wait was more like 40 minutes. I really liked this place for its fun and food (drink menu looked amazing too, I just don't drink in the daytime). Hopefully today's service was just a glitch."
"Very close to a five star, but need to visit again to truly give it five stars.  Food that came out was all big, and truly gorgeous.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  The breakfast pot pie is awesome and they offer great mix and match options so you can enjoy the menu. Service was polite and responsive."
"All breakfast-focused eateries has to be compared to Matt's Big Breakfast, and Snooze is a worthy contender.

Snooze just opened and is really popular.  We suffered through a 45 minute wait for two.   Gave them my cell phone saying they would text me when a table was ready.   This works better than the buzzer system because it give us range to explore Town & Contry Shopping Center.

I settled on the tasty Breakfast Pot Pie with a cup-shape of hash browns.  Yes, a cup   Every other hash brown I had was low and float like a pancake.  Snooze's hash brown was in the shape of a small bowl.  Whatever the shape, it was good!  

Snooze is busy, slow (in service)  and loud.  

Still, I like this place.   They have a number of menu items I would like to try when I return.  To get to five stars, tighten up the service (which was slow) and find a way to lighten up on the noise and we got something pretty special here."
"Best breakfast I have ever had!  Worth any wait!  We had the pancake of the day, eggs Benedict and the chorizo hash.  Everything was seasoned perfectly.  And they had a ping-pong table outside.  Loved the atmosphere."
"I've come back here on multiple occasions now and it has become my go to breakfast/brunch place. My favorite is the corned beef hash. I almost always sit at the bar or window because it's open seating and the bartenders are usually super nice and friendly. The silverware is still weird, but I've gotten over it.

Unfortunately, I wrote this review waiting for my food this morning and have to take away stars. My food came burnt (if I wasn't starving I'd send it back) and my Michelada was forgotten for a while. Not the usuals behind the bar I will say. 

So it fluctuates between 3-5 depending on the day."
There's always a wait but it's defiantly worth it! I love their breakfast tacos and their pancakes are out of this world! The have great coffee and cocktail drinks. One of my favorite breakfast spots! Great vibes and good music!
Came to eat here with my girlfriend. The service here is unmatched and the food was delicious! Definitely plan on coming back (:
"I was back at Snooze this morning. I usually make it here for breakfast every month or so, and the food/service is almost always great. This morning was a different story. I arrived around 8:45 and there was no wait for a table.. Lucky me ! !   I quickly was sat at a little two top table near the back. I had an idea of what I wanted, but always like to hear about the pancake of the day before finalizing my order. I sat and waited, and waited and waited. A busgirl was busy cleaning off tables around me, but no sign of a waitress. Finally, after 5 minutes, a waitress peers over the half wall and sees me sitting there. She comes over and asks if I would like something to drink. No apology for the delay or anything.. No mention of a daily special pancake. Just your very standard order taker.. 

I decide to try the OMG french toast with a side of ham. I had heard great things about the french toast and have never had it before. The food arrives before too long. The side of ham was actually two small pieces--one about an inch by 2 inches, and the other piece 2 inches square.. WTF? The french toast was promised to have fresh strawberries and coconut. A more appropriate description would be one strawberry cut in about 8 tiny pieces. It was supposed to be stuffed with mascarpone cheese. If there was at one time some mascarpone in between the brioche slices, it must have been spread on with a butter spreader because there was nothing between the bread slices resembling a creamy cheese. The flavor was good, but it definitely reads better on the menu that it was presented to me today. If what I got today was the spec for it and not a shorted version, maybe they should change the name from OMG french toast to Ehhhh French toast..

I will go back based on previous visits, but if this was my one and only trip, it would have been my last."
"We really enjoy Snooze because it's close to home and has a dog friendly patio.  The food is always consistently good, and the wait staff are quick and attentive.  There is always a wait here but they have a nice texting system that allows you to look around at other shops in the complex while waiting for your table.  5 stars for the texting system... other breakfast joints (Looking at you Matt's Big B) should follow suit on this!!"
"This place surpassed my expectations! The food was amazing, I had the OMG French Toast and an OJ Mimosa, so delicious, and the service was just as wonderful! Can't wait to be back and try something different."
"My friend and I had breakfast and mimosas yesterday to celebrate her 21st birthday, the food and the drinks were fantastic. Our waitress (Liz I think her name was) was a sweetheart and very helpful and even surprised us with a complimentary birthday pancake for the birthday girl! I will definitely be coming back. Also, the playlist was epic. We had a Britney Spears dance party in the bathroom :)"
"Went here for a brunch date with a close friend...it was a 20 minute wait but totally worth it!

Any place that offers beer for breakfast is number one in my book!! Get the brewmosa and you wont be sorry! 

Ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict and I never wanted it to end! It was heaven in my mouth!

Service was good and the atmosphere great. I loved the mix of music they had going on and it wasnt too loud or too quiet! 

Definitely will be back to try some stuffed french toast and a Palomosa!"
"I love this place! This isn't only the best brunch spot I've eaten in Arizona, but THE BEST brunch spot I've had in my entire life. I was a lil hungover so don't get me wrong. It's usually a little harder for me to put food down when I am. But boy, I demolished my food. This place, I know I say it often, but I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it. This place is life changing. 

I was stuck between two Benedicts and our server let me know I could just do half and half since it comes with two. Thanks homie. I got the Benny Goodman and the Winter Harvest. Nice! Both eggs were perfectly poached. Nice little bounce to the egg feeing like a custard or jello. The chef probably went through a 50 year course on how to poach eggs. Both had a cream cheese hollandaise which was surprisingly good. Nice little tang with a kiss of the sweetness from the cream cheese. It had a really bright taste. Probably a little bit of lemon juice so you don't get that eggy taste to the hollandaise.

Winter harvest had a nice sweet potato polenta topped with a few more veggie/healthy/earth ingredients. Honestly with that perfectly poached egg and sweet tangy hollandaise. You couldn't tell you were being healthy and enjoying the bountiful harvest from Mother Nature. 

Now. My favorite Benny. Yo!!! Homie! I'll tell you this. I love Lox. So I'm biased on this. Having a Lox Benedict! You win me over. Everything was nice. Salmon was smokey not too fishy. Everything had a nice ratio. The best Benedict I've ever eaten. I hate rye bread. I loved having rye on this. 

We got a flight of pancakes. Which is you get to choose 3 flavors. For $9? I forgot what we ordered since I don't really like pancakes. But they were all pretty good for pancakes. 

What I do remember out of the pancakes was a the cinnamon bacon one. Bacon is good. Bacon makes everything good. If you're into pancakes. Do this one. 


Coffee is okay. 

Bloody Marys were good. We had the Bangkok one.
Fishsauce, lime, cilantro, sriracha. 

We were the only Asians in the restaurant at the time. Maybe in all of Arizona. Our server brought us sriracha as our hot sauce when all the other tables had Tabasco. Funny. He was a cool dude though. 

If this was down the street from me. I'd wake up every morning feeling like I won the lotto."
"Um, best breakfast ever. I hope I have one near me for the rest of my life.

I had the Benny Duo (?). The quinoa one rocked my world."
"Food is not only delicious, but I value their commitment to quality ingredients, local, fair trade, and organic when possible. Love their willingness to customize meals with no attitude. Cool, friendly staff, funky place, good vibe. Brunch does require a wait, but the complimentary coffee helps, and this place is worth the wait!"
"Did not really care for this place. the decor is definitely trendy and cute, that part I liked. 

for starters, I ordered a caramel latte. I couldn't even hold the mug it was so hot. no foam, super  milky. where was the espresso? the caramel flavor was not that good either. 

Havana daydreaming - whole plate came out cold, hash browns potatoes were under cooked. hollandaise tasted like plastic.

eggs benny duo - verde and the rancheros were both delicious. hash browns again under cooked. they were actually crunchy

michelada - Delicious 
gazpacho drink - fantastic

server I forgot his name he was awesome. since it was our first time there he gave us a sweet potato pancake. it was very tasty, too much syrup was definitely an over kill. but it tasted like a creme brule which is fantastic."
"I debated giving snooze three stars, but their pancakes are too damn good. The wait can be atrocious and they don't take reservations so come early or nurse your hangover at the bar or drink some coffee while you wait to get your brunch on. This is part of the huge trader joes/whole foods complex, though, so you could easily kill some time around there. Everything I've gotten here is delicious, especially the breakfast tacos and pancake sampler."
"Always worth the wait. Few places are good enough for a 45 minute to an hour wait, but Snooze is! I have loved every item I've tried. The staff at this location is always friendly and attentive. Get a pancake to share before your main course; it's like a reverse dessert!"
"I tried to love Snooze Camelback.  We went three times.  The Bloody Mary is good, and it makes the 45 minute wait tolerable, but it's downhill from there.

For me, weekend breakfast out in the Valley usually means the following, for which Snooze Camelback is guilty on all counts: 

--- Service is harried, and the check is dropped when you're just far enough from being finished for it to feel rude.  Amplifying the annoyance is that it's invariably offered with a disingenuous ""no rush, guys"".
--- Most Valley breakfast restaurants I've been to have an open concept, which makes the cacophony of a packed house unbearable so early in the day.
--- No Valley cook who prepares my eggs understands what EGGS OVER MEDIUM means.  We always thought the distinction between eggs OVER EASY (soft, possibly runny white with liquid yolk) and OVER MEDIUM (fully cooked white with yolk having the rich, unctuous viscosity of warm custard) was a given.  In the Valley, your real choices are over easy or over hard.  I have learned that having the cook remake it is an exercise in futility.  They either don't know or don't care to know.

SPECIFIC TO SNOOZE CAMELBACK:  On the last two outings, I had to send my dish back to the kitchen for being cold.  Forget any contrition or nicety regarding as much.  Your server will have too many tables to utter more than six words about fixing it.  The food is good, but not memorable.  Add that to the rest, and Snooze Camelback is wholly forgettable."
"Went around 9:45am this morning with 2 of my great friends. We all ordered breakfast drinks I had the mule...amazing taste had a hint of bitterness that went well with my HUGE breakfast burrito that came with chorizo, ham,onions,hash browns and green sauce. My friend got the orange smoothie cocktail and said it tasted like an orange Julius She also had the Huge breakfast burrito with sausage. The third bestie of our party had the Spicy Bloody Mary and I took a sip of it and it was probably the best BM I've ever had its ratio of tomato juice  spices spot on. She ordered the flight of pancakes which included 3 different flavors of pancakes She choose Strawberry Cheesecake, chocolate molten lava and caramel apple These were absolutely delish and not overwhelmingly sweet. I like meat for Breakfast so most likely I will never order the flight but will share a forkful with my kids because , I will be bringing them here soon"
"Nice, clean place with good food. 

Excellent menu with quality ingredients. The bacon is not the standard thinly sliced 60/40 (fat/meat), it's thickly sliced seasoned meat with not much fat.  I had the 'spuds deluxe' which allows you to choose two of the ingredients. It was quiet good & an ample amount of food without being too much. Coffee is pretty good, as well.

Chilaquiles Benedict, salted caramel pancakes, a slew of breakfast sandwiches, friendly staff...oh yeah, coming back here."
"I've only had their pancake flight which consisted of pineapple pancake, blueberry, and sweet potato and their spuds deluxe with bacon and sausage. I've picked up both of these items twice on the way home from a long night at work and my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed them (believe me, he can be picky about breakfast). So far they never disappointed me. I do want to venture out and try an item from their art of hollandaise menu  but I think I will save that for when I dine in. This place gets pretty busy especially on the weekends and I can see and taste why. A must try for those who haven't."
Great food and great service but long wait times and overpriced food! Waited 45 minutes for our table. I love the French toast neat and eggs. Next time I'll try the mimosas
Came here for brunch this morning before dropping my brother off at the airport and all I can say is amazing!!!! Healthy food super filling and the staff was more then sweet as soon as we walked in the front door!!! We will definitley be back!! It's a shame we didn't get out servers name because her and the hostess were as sweet as pie
"What a find! This place is trendy, has good food, good portions AND alcohol! 

Mimosas were a decent size - more like twice what you'd get elsewhere. I couldn't decide between the French toast or a pancake so the waiter suggested I do a half order so I could try both. Nice! BTW the French toast is delicious, and so was the pancake. 

Patio seating is nice - even has heaters for cooler days. Definitely looking forward to my next visit. Worth the drive from the west valley."
"Always a busy place, has a pretty big menu with some creative items. Gave me the daily pancake for my birthday which was super sweet of them, the pancake was amazing, very dense and chocolaty, a few bites in and I was satisfied. They have mix and match options for their eggs Benedict, but I wasn't super impressed by them. The flavors seem fun, but they definitely lack in flavor. The hashbrowns are the worst I've ever had at a restaurant, and I love hashbrowns so that was a big turn off for me. I wouldn't choose to eat here again, but some of my friends are obsessed with this place so I may return with them if they are persistent about it."
there coffee is amazing- food and service amazing love this place. The waitress was a little snobby and stuck up when I was trying to be friendly and talk to her but whatever
"I really liked this place. Nice food, good variety depending on your mood. If you feel like eating a little clean they have your back covered. I had a Egg Whites Fritata and love it! Next time I want to try their beverages it seemed delicious ."
"Kiersten, the assistant general manager, really went above and beyond for me today! I am in the service industry as well and always appreciate genuine hospitality and a desire to help others. Will definitely be recommending Snooze to the guests at my hotel."
"Seated right away early about 11am on a Wednesday. Food came out quick. Server was ok but we kinda felt rushed to leave as we were slowing down on our food. Cute place, delicious latte. I was expecting the food to be amazing as I read here on Yelp but I was a little let down. I ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict, the beef very tasty but everything else a little bland. The fiancé had the corn beef hash and it was a little burnt and have had better in local diners. All in all I think I'd come back just to give this place another chance and to try some other things on menu."
"Let's start with what they are good at... the food us outstanding! Great menu, wonderful portion size and a fair price. The decor is awesome! Great layout, design etc.

However, The wait on weekends is very long.  The staff, organization and management are very poor. I have gone several times on weekends and watch empty tables for up to five minutes and the table has yet to be cleared. Once cleared and re-set, the table sits empty for several more minutes before they get around to sitting customers.  And I'm not talking about one table but four or five tables just sitting there while customers are outside in the heat waiting.

So frustrating! 

You can tell the staff and management are not well trained!"
"Hate the wait, but loved the food.  I was willing to over look the wait until I realized I was overcharged. I called to have this resolved and was informed it will be looked at after closing and a picture of the transaction will be sent to me. I didn't request a picture, I want the additional funds stolen to be returned. We live in a digital world with such advanced technology, overcharging shouldn't be an issue. Yes! I said stolen! You don't take more than what was provided. I won't be back."
"The first thing that comes to mind is how crowded and just plain loud it is every time I go. The second thing is that it's pretty expensive, and you don't get much variety in the way of all the breakfast foods people like, but they still charge you quite a bit for the little variety you do get. I do keep going anyway though because I live nearby, the food is alright and interesting/different, and the staff and building are nice enough, but those first two things make me really me ask ""how bad do I want it?"""
"I went there because my friend recommend me to this place since she knows I love benedicts!  Not your typical benedicts... there are different 'flavors.' I got a benedict that had mexican flavors to it. It was really good and the egg was cooked to perfection! The yolk was just cooked enough where the yolk was still gooey (just the way I like it!). However, it is not the best benedict I ever had. 

I believe you can 'create your own pancake' too. I would definitely go here again when I'm in town, but I won't drive all the way over here just to eat (I live 40 minutes away). Next time, I will be trying the pancakes."
"I went to Snooze with a couple of my friends yesterday and I was blown away with how amazing their food and service was.

I had the ""OMG French Toast"" and it was delicious! The syrup they had was scrumptious and it was the best French toast I have ever had! It was very sweet.

One of my friends had three different types of pancakes and the sweet potato pancakes were to die for. All of the pancakes were good that she had but that was the highlight.

I also got hash browns and eggs on the side. The eggs were okay and the hashbrown was delicious! I was not disappointed with it at all.

So I give snooze 5/5 stars! It's definitely something to try and enjoy!"
The food is fresh and tasty.  I'm having second thoughts about whether it's worth the wait or not.  It's typically chaos by the door when trying to check in and the staff has no idea who is next.
"Do yourself a favor and stop here for breakfast. Food and coffee is amazing. So many pancake and Eggs Benedict combos. And they are all amazing. Ask what the pancake of the day is... But you can never go wrong with the pineapple upside down pancake, or sweet potato, or OMG French toast. Can't decide, get the ""Flight"" and you can try three different pankcakes, or OMG French toast or fig French toast as one of the pancakes.

Eggs Benedict? You have to try the Bella, bella or Chilquilas. Corned beef, Lox... Can't decide, get two different ones on the same plate with a hash brown cake on the side.

Havana daydreaming sammie!!!! So much to choose from and it's all great. Check out the photos!!!!!!"
"Snooze AM is certainly one of the best breakfast spots in Arizona.  The service is great and friendly.  No matter if you get eggs, the famous pancakes, or french toast, it will be delicious.

I take all my friends and clients to this place and everyone always loves it."
"Check this place out for sure. Excellent service, food, and atmosphere. I had Juan's tacos and was not disappointed. I will be back in the near future!"
"Amazing food and friendly, happy staff. If you're looking for a fun place to eat breakfast, this is a must!"
"Love having a new brunch spot, especially with mimosas on tap! There were a lot of things on the menu that looked good, so I will definitely be back. I had the breakfast burrito this time with half red/half green sauce. It was a ton of food, and I could only eat half of it. The service was great, but there was a long wait to be seated. There is complimentary coffee while you wait, and they'll text you when your table is ready if you want to wander around Nordstrom Rack."
"Great pancakes with a variety of flavors to choose from, great Bloody Mary and mimosa options too"
Pancakes were cold. We're put on a 45 minute wait and multiple people who arrived after us were seated before we were. Breakfast burrito was tasty.
"It's Worth a shot. The food is good but overpriced, im sure the prices are justified though based on the location ... (Their rent must cost a thousand lifetimes of savings per month) 

Let's address the kicker. It's not what I would call the most timely experience, but I get it ... breakfast is supposed to be a relaxing 2 hour journey through roasted coffee beans and hash browns .... but ... The reason it's called snooze is because you'll be able to get in a solid snooze in before anyone comes and takes your order. 

The food itself along with the menu is diverse and tasty. So no complaints there really other than being over priced. The staff is friendly and upbeat and Im sure part of the wait has to do with the line out the door so I guess that says something positive.

Fry me up some eggs n turkey bacon! Were not going ham on this one (Cause I hate pork) but Snooze is well needed in this location so I bumped you guys up a star ... I can see the quality in ingredients is truly there and the attempt to create a clean green contemporary breakfast selection is fantastic."
"Best breakfast place ever. This is the only place I go to to get breakfast. I usually get the eggs Benedict, , sausage, and an omelet. Then take home the leftovers. Haha, service is always great and clean environment. Just be prepared to wait to be seated. As it's always busy because it's so good."
"Great breakfast especially for the price. 

Can be very easy so to beat the line try to get there early. 

Everything on the menu is great but the sweet potato pancakes is awesome!

Pancake sampler is a great item which gives you the opportunity try multiple pancakes."
Just ate here based on all the great reviews. It's Saturday so we expected a wait but we don't mind waiting for great food. I ordered the Chili Verde Benny and my husband got the Corned Beef Hash. The Corned Beef Hash was a huge disappointment so I ended up giving my husband half my Benny. The Benny was good but NO part of our meal was worth the 1 hr and 15 min wait.
"Holy cow.  This was unbelievable and I would eat here everyday if I could.

The family was completely satisfied on every level.  Bacon was outstanding.  Waffles, eggs, potatoes all perfectly done.  The best orange juice I've ever had.

I can't possibly describe how amazing this experience was.  Just too bad that I have to take a 3 hour flight to get here."
"An hour and a half wait,  to have a sandwich, No problem if the Pope is cooking otherwise to heck with this place. Too many better places"
I love this place and if you want alcohol this is the perfect place to go to because they give out morning cocktails
"We have been here multiple times , food and service is consistently good. We usually get a pancake of the day to share, those are always good. It gets super busy here just before 8 am so I would highly recommend to get here little bit earlier."
"I have been to this place 6 times and the first 4 were good and the last 2 were very poor. The servers are in another world. We sat for 15 minutes before we received our drinks and another 15 minutes until they took the order. Food took along time to come out almost cold. The french toast was dry and tasteless. Instead of them focusing on opening more places, they need to get the service fixed and improve the food."
"I had the Ruben, which was messy but still good. The wife had the Green Eggs and Hamwich and was worth the trip alone. Anyone who comes here needs to try it. Price was average, and service was great."
"I'm a big fan of the Sandwich I Am and the make your own mimosa with grapefruit juice instead of OJ.  

It's cute, the food is good and well priced.... and they text you instead of buzz you for the wait, so you can get some grocery (Whole Foods, TJ) or clothes (Nordstrom Rack) shopping done!  They're also great with to-go/pick-up orders (nevermind the jealous looks of people who are waiting outside)."
"Let me start by saying I AM a fan of SNOOZE - (and for all I have to say you may want to take a snooze- or heck, you may even snooze before you're done reading...but) I have been to SNOOZE a myriad of times - and GENERALLY the food/service is outstanding. But today....eh not so much. Today is my daughter's birthday. She wanted to celebrate with a breakfast instead of the traditional dinner...and she wanted SNOOZE. (YES!- I thought to myself...love Snooze). I went online to see if I was able to make a reservation. Unfortunately, no. No reservations are accepted. No worries, my hubby and I will get there when they open and get a table for 12. Well, we got there about 7:20ish and they were already getting busy. Good thing we got there early, right? That really didn't matter, although they(Snooze peeps) were kind enough to let us wait by the window, they really didn't want to hold a table for that many for that long a time. People were to come about 8am - which was about 40 minutes from then. When I asked if they use the tables, would we still be able to get seated when everyone arrived. I was told the turn around is usually about an hour so  there would be a few minute wait. (WAIT? That's why we arrived early - - so we could get a table  large enough to accommodate our family). Okay...I didn't want to be unreasonable or worse a  B-WORD - so I said...well, okay....well, see how this works. If timing were to be on our side, the tables should come free before everyone arrived. EH..not so much. That's okay... I DO realize the world doesn't revolve around our family. SO.....we waited.
And waited! 
.....and after asking  (twice) if they could give an estimate on how much longer we'd be waiting ----well, they were kind and said it looks as if the people were getting ready to leave.
We waited....and waited some more....until  finally, yes!, we are able to be seated.
The server, whose name I did not see, already seemed stressed....(trust me, I know stress, so I can spot it!) He was quick to ask if we wanted anything to drink. Coffee, coffee, coffee is our reply...
Several minutes later he comes with a dark beverage that should be hot - but isn't and should be coffee - but it is not. When we ask if we could have some hot coffee instead of the tea that was brought to us, he argued a tiny bit and said, ""no, it's coffee, it came from the same section"" - I was a bit perplexed and honestly, I really did not want to be a B-WORD but I didn't understand the ""same section"" comment nor did I grasp the thought that he didn't get that if everyone said it tasted like tea, why he didn't just say, I'm sorry, I'll bring another cup. He repeated the ""Same section"" comment and then said something about maybe we weren't used to their particular coffee bean. You know they grind it themselves (sarcasm noted). While he was trying to figure out the coffee/tea thang, many minutes have past...we still haven't ordered and quite frankly I was wishing we had gone elsewhere. While we did eventually  get real coffee, that wasn't before he told us that he tasted it and ""it IS coffee."" Implying, I suppose that we don't know the difference between coffee & tea. I assure you, you don't need to be a coffee AND tea connoisseur, to know the difference!
Okay, we order, he starts at the other end of the table...no problems here....until, he gets to my dad, who is sitting next to me. My dad is 84 years and, as people might be at that age a bit grumpy & hard of hearing- oh yeah, and set in his ways. He has every right. He doesn't like butter or anything that tastes like butter so after he ordered I said to the server just that - please don't cook in butter...perhaps basted? The server, said to me, rather curtly, he wants to hear it from him(my dad) because too many people ordering will surely make it wrong and he wants to be sure he gets what he wants. He actually reprimanded me for speaking on my dads behalf. He very well dismissed me and only wanted to speak to my dad. I KNOW this as true, because, well the server told me so. HELLO! I was aghast that this server would say this to any customer. I then asked him if he were having a bad day, because it seems as if he was annoyed before he started taking our order. I was trying to break the ice but he wanted no part of this. He quickly - and I mean quickly(!) dismissed me & my comments and said that  (again) the coffee was is the same section. Okay maybe this is some kind of restaurant lingo that I am not privy to - however, he seemed bothered by the coffee tea thang. By this time we were happy with our coffees and just wanted to celebrate the birthday.
Fast forward - we get the ordering done, they brought the food out in a more than normal time frame - but given there were 12 of us, that is to be expected.  
I have to wrap this up, It's too long. Basically, some of the food was cold (maybe it was in the ""same section"" but they did take it off the bill. Would I go back? Yes, but not with a large group."
I had breakfast for the first time here and cannot understand the hype. Food was ok. Not the best breakfast I ever had. It may have been because of the service and the health issue. My friend asked for milk.with her coffee and.water with no ice. The serrver brought cream and water with ice. The server brought.me a refill of my coffee. My friend said 'don't drink it' There was a bright red lipstick stain on the mug.  We told thr server and all.she said was that.doesn't come out in the dishwasher. I told my friend I have lost my.appetite. The food comes. I ordered the corned beef hash and it was ok. I.have had better. I took a bite of my.rye toast and it was dry. Our server was ignoring us so I asked another server for butter. A server brings it  Our server comes over and said I hear you needed more butter. I asked if I was.supposed to have buttered toast. She advised me that there is s machine that does it and they must have forgotten to put my toast in it Again no apology. I live less than 10 minutes from here.Will I be back? Highly unlikely.
"I like this place a lot, but I don't feel there's a great deal to say. Just that it's a really, really good place for brunch. It's fancy food in a casual setting, so you get the best of both worlds!

The food is great and there is a wide variety of inventive eggs benedict and pancakes to choose from, so you're all set whether you like sweet or savory for your morning meal. The coffee is good, and the servers are nice. Sometimes service is slow when they're really busy, but anyone who genuinely complains about that is a terd.

This place is also exceptionally vegetarian friendly, which I find is a tendency among breakfast joints, but it's still worth noting. 

I've never had the cocktails here, so I can't speak to them, but I'm sure they're also delicious.

tl;dr You'll drop a pretty penny for breakfast/brunch/lunch at Snooze, but it's familiar food that's done well, and so it's well worth it. If you have friends visiting that appreciate good food but want to stick to something they know and keep it casual, Snooze is one of your best bets in the Valley."
"This place is truly a gem, and Arizona is lucky to have a couple franchises located around town. The food is amazing, and will not disappoint. The cool atomic/ retro vibe makes for a fun and interesting atmosphere. Staff is overall very friendly, and they try their best to get you handled right away even though the place is always packed.

I recently ordered a very large catering order for a business meeting, and I was so impressed how well they put the food together. Cute boxes, warm food, and extremely happy guests at my meeting...I felt like I really stepped my party planning skills up! I actually heard one of them squeal in excitement that we got Snooze for breakfast. Do yourselves a favor, and go now!"
Bomb is all I can say. The food was really fresh and the server was very attentive. I will definitely come here for breakfast again.
Delicious and staff is unbelievably friendly! Ready for some decadent modern pancakes? This is your spot. Everything is tasty!!!
"This place is out of this world! My wife and I visited on a weekday morning, and it was packed. Luckily there was only about a 15 minute wait. We managed to pass the time by playing ping pong on the patio. I got the pancake sampler including Sweet Potato Pancakes! It was delicious. Very comfortable setting, nice attentive staff. I will definitely be returning."
"First: Do not order the lemonade. $4 and no refills. Seriously no cares if it is organic and cold pressed...blah blah blah. I was just thirsty. My fault for not looking it up first I guess....

Next: The pancakes are absolutely amazing. Just sinful...like blisteringly amazing and each flavor is significantly different from the others. The Pineapple upside down pancake and the Sweet potato pancake were unreal. I just can't say enough...superb. 

Also the bacon was what bacon should be ....GREAT!

The service was a bit spotty (I hear that there were a bunch of trainees that day) but I had a little spontaneous dance party with one of the staff in the middle of the dining room which totally made up for it!

All in all this place is genius, just genius. ...except for that lemonade."
"Its okay here not anything that jumps out at you.  Its pricey if you have a budget, and not kid friendly. We ate here last saturday and my son needed a highchair, all the staff kept bumping into him as if it were an inconvenience but there the ones who sat us in the middle and put the chair their in the first place.  We had to beg our waiter for refills on drinks im sure because they are super busy, and like other reviewers have said its a wait, we waited over an hour."
Best breakfast spot in the valley!! Love this place. I want to go back tomorrow for the sweet potato pancakes.
"Ok, just back from my second visit. After my first visit and review, I received/exchanged a few emails with the manager. It appears that she/they are very open to feedback and interested in improving. Kudos for that. I was offered a few meal on my next visit, which I declined. I wasn't looking for freebies, instead wanted to help this place improve and prosper. 

Guess what ! ? ! ? On this visit, almost all of my prior critiques had been addressed/fixed. My server this time was Britt (no cutesy fake names). She immediately asked if it was my first visit at Snooze and this location in particular. I asked if the Corned Beef Hash was available in a half order. She seemed a little stumped, but instead of a direct yes/no answer, she asked if I wanted one egg or two and if I wanted toast. (I asked for one egg and no toast). I also ordered a half order of the carrot cake pancakes. 

After a very short wait, my food came out. It was a large portion of hash, with one soft poached egg (exactly as ordered). So many places seem to have trouble getting soft poached eggs, but here it was perfect. Firm white, and completely soft, runny yolk.  All nice and hot. The corned beef hash was some of the best I have ever had. Nicely shredded potatoes mixed with pulled corned beef. Obviously fresh-made and not some prefab, out of the package stuff.. The carrot cake pancake was delish as well. It was like eating that piece of carrot cake for breakfast...I almost convinced myself it was a daily helping of vegetables. And best of all, the food all came out hot...

I got to the restaurant just before 9am. As I was seated, I noticed two female managers just finishing up what appeared to be a manager meeting over breakfast. They were just finishing up, and got up shortly after I was seated. I did not see either one of them again until just as I was finishing up. At that point, one of the managers delivered a pancake flight to the table next to me. Other than that, no ""table visits"" were witnessed, even though the restaurant was full. The good news is that If a table visit had been made, the only  critique offered would have been ""Good job, things are great""..

As I was eating, my server did a couple of ""check backs"" and offered soda refills (I don't do coffee).  When she brought the check, I noticed that instead of a ""half order charge"" for the hash, I was charged for a side of hash and a side of one egg. Not  a big deal, but IMHO, the server should have stated up front that while it wasn't available as a ""halfsie"", it could be ordered as sides..I am not sure if my side of hash was the same portion as a full order or if it was less/ more. 

Quick credit card processing by Britt completed the dining experience. On my way out, the cashier/hostess genuinely thanked me for my visit. 

After two visits, Snooze has now moved up to one of my favorite breakfast places."
"Despite waiting over an hour and half for this breakfast - lunch eatery, it did not put a damper on our appetite.

The staff were great... from the host to the server to the server assistant.  There was a friendly manager that walked throughout the restaurants to make sure each diner were enjoying not only the food but the dining experience.  The retro vibe was super fun!

We ordered the pancake trio (upside-down-pineapple, sweet potato & apple pie) and eggs benedict.  They let us order 1/2 Benny Goodman - smoked salmon & 1/2 Harvest - hearty greens & mushroom.  We felt like we had 5 different dishes.  The food was delicious with great fresh ingredients.  You definitely have to try their pancake of the day.  It's a new flaver every day, and they never repeat it.

Get there early on weekends, but it is worth the wait!"
"Dropped in to this place on a recommendation from a friend. Considering that it was 11am on a Sunday morning, the wait was only about 25 minutes and they texted me when our table was ready. I like that idea because it means we can browse around the shopping center while we wait. It also shows me that they support their neighbors by not restricting customers to a 10 foot area around the entrance.

I really like the open layout. We had a nice table on the patio, which was quieter than inside. I started with a Gaspacho Bloody Mary.....it's my day off and it's the first time in months I haven't had obligations, don' t judge ;-)..... The Bloody Mary sounded great on paper, but didn't live up to my expectations. I would say that it was the only thing disappointing about Snooze. I'm willing to be forgiving though because it really is just a brunch place and the focus isn't on cocktails.

I ordered the corned beef hash breakfast. The corned beef was amazing!!! Almost as good as McMullen's in Vegas. My eggs were perfectly over-medium and the portions were just right. Enough to fill me up without being so much that I feel like I'm wasting it if I don't eat it all. 

My daughter ordered the continental. She said that the grapefruit brulee was the best ever. I tried it and it was pretty damn amazing. They fire raw sugar over it to give it just the right infusion of sweet and tart. She liked the Greek yogurt, but found the agave syrup a little too sweet.

To finish the meal, I ordered a Kentucky Coffee.....again, hey, it's my day off and my kid was driving.......although a little heavy on the bourbon, it was really yummy and completed our brunch beautifully. It also was responsible for the amazing nap I had when I got home.

Overall, the Snooze brunch experience was excellent and will probably become a regular place for me. I can't wait to try some other menu items."
"So incredible!! We had the pancake flight with the pineapple upside down, pb, and blueberry danish pancakes and they were incredible. The blueberry danish was our absolute favorite! We also had the Benedict. I forget which one, but it has corn on the side, and quinoa cakes. Absolutely amazing! Already dying to go back!"
Came here to meet family for lunch during the work day. Food was PERFECT! Will definitely be back!
"Love this place.  The food is perfect. Today I went with an open faced Cuban and it had the perfect pickles and pulled pork that you'd expect. My juice was fresh and my. Jody had a beermosa. 

Plan on waiting because even at noon on a Wednesday there's a wait.  It's that good. Keep it up!"
"Went here for the second time today. Not as great as the first experience I got the Ruben sandwich definitely not something I would order again. My hash browns were cold in the middle.

My husband got the French toast half of each one they offered that was amazing !!

I ordered the pineapple upside down cake the first time and it was yummy..

We were seated pretty quickly however getting our actual food took a while.

Next time I got I'll def sick to the breakfast items"
"Retro look, great menu and excellent food.  Only downfall was the bathroom wasn't too clean..."
Best breakfast in my life. Ever. Serious. I had the green eggs n ham sandwich. My wife had the tacos. My son the pancake flight. All outstanding. And first rate service; Alex the best. If you are near this place do not pass up the chance to have an incredible meal.
"I used to go to Snooze when I lived in Denver. I was beyond excited to see it in my neighborhood a few months ago!

Pros:
Breakfast tacos are amaze-ing
Coffee drinks
Bloody Mary's
Patio in the fall
Management is on top of things

Cons:
Service can be kind of slow
Always a wait on the weekends"
"Breakfast perfection. 

I usually hate places that don't take reservations but since this was breakfast I managed to pull myself out of bed early. Be prepared there will be a wait. We got there at 8 and we waited for 10 mins which was bearable. 

The best breakfast I've ever had. Stepdaughter said it was the best pancake she's ever had. We had the pancake flight (chocolate chip, pineapple upside down, cinnamon roll), chile verde Benny, breakfast tacos, ham Benedict and a sausage and egg sandwich. All the pancakes were to die for!!!!  I never finish my food but I devoured my chile verde Benny. 

It couldn't have been a more perfect meal. It was seriously worth the drive. Will definitely be coming back."
"Awesome food... had the Juan tacos, recommend by Jeff, my waiter.   Super great service at entrance as well.  Everyone is super friendly.

Bring your doggies too... they will get lots of love!!

You won't be disappointed!!  This places rocks all around!!"
I was refereed to this place from a friend and decided to check this place out yesterday. It was a very nice looking spot but I had my order to go since I was at work. I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was bomb! Definitely going to come back.
"Great new restaurant addition to Phoenix! The menu here had a perfect mix of sweet and savory. Our server mentioned that snooze is known for their pancakes and benedicts. I'm a huge (HUGE) pancake person but decide to branch out and tried the Late Harvest Benny. It was delicious, with just the right amount of hollandaise so that I didn't feel too guilty after finishing! 

Definitely will be back, if only to try something sweet next!"
"Awesome place, waiter gave us crack, well it wasn't really crack but it was worse. A pancake with bacon, chocolate chips cinnamon and who knows what else. Great atmosphere and service."
"5 stars for our fabulous breakfast experience this morning. Jenna, our server, was so pleasant, and the food was second to none. 

My boyfriend ordered the breakfast pot pie, with a half order of French toast (both were stellar) and I got the Benny combo, with the green chilli and the Bella! Bella! -- oh my gosh. Amazing. 

For 8:45 on a Friday morning, this place was packed. We opted to sit on the patio, despite the cool morning temperature. Little did we know, the high tables are right next to space heaters, so we were plenty comfortable. 

Despite the number of people, we received our order promptly, and as previously stated. It was perfection. 

Definitely plan on returning here. Thanks Snooze!"
"So, Snooze, huh? First of all, as much as I love my mornings, I have an equal and dedicated love with the ""snooze"" button. So, immediately, all I can think is ""I can relate...""!  The atmosphere is absolutely perfect. Adorable and authentic. Diverse and yet coordinated and well put together. The energy is consistent. As in, the host was as personable and upbeat as the server without overdoing it... Because let's be honest here, there's a line between authentic ""radness"" and ""I'm full of shit and trying way too hard to be perky for a good tip"" radness. And let's talk about how great it is, that although there's a wait, you can walk right in to a complimentary cup of their fresh brewed Guatemalan coffee!! Now, I like my coffee untainted by sugars and creamers and the verdict is clear... They clearly drink this stuff in heaven.

Our wait wasn't too painful. A little longer than I necessarily expected, given the size of the crowd. However, it being a new restaurant and such a pleasure to be inside of, the table turnover wasn't as quick as some other places in Phoenix, i.e. ""Matts Big Breakfast"", that keeps you coming back because the food is phenomenal, but is so small that once you're done eating, it's time to dash before you get a rash on your arm from rubbing elbows with the folks at the table next to yours. 

Anyway, THE FOOD! Because it's all about the food, right? 
Oh. My. God. 
I am a true junkie when it comes to French Toast and it's the first thing I try everywhere I go for breakfast, if of course they offer it. Not only does ""Snooze"" offer it, but they offer TWO variations of it, which I'm not sure I have ever seen anywhere else before, aside from your chains like IHOP etc. 
The ""OMG French Toast"", stuffed with marscapone and topped with cinnamon, strawberries, vanilla, and... Wait for it... Coconut!.. Which almost threw me off from ordering it, because I'm generally not a fan, but I went for it. And I'm so glad that I did!!!This stuff is appropriately named, because there are TRULY no other words. Absolutely fantastic.!! Now, unfortunately, my 5th star was lost because the food did take a little longer than I think it should ever take for food to come out and it was a little soggy as if it may have been sitting on the line a tad bit longer than it should've been. I'm not going to say it was cold, because it wasn't. However, it wasn't as warm as I would've liked for it to be. Again, all of this is still MINIMAL for a brand new place just getting it's feet on the ground.

Yes, I've applied for a serving position at this spot. But, to be fair, this review isn't ONLY because I'm hoping like hell that they will hire me, but because this is a WONDERFUL addition to Central Phoenix for breakfast and brunch. I will have to check out their lunch menu as well in order to post a review about that aspect, but overall, aside from Matt's which has been in my own humble opinion, the best breakfast ONLY joint in Phoenix for years and Windsor's breakfast/brunch on weekends, Snooze is quickly behind and I have a feeling, is going to DOMINATE the morning scene sooner than later.

Now it's time to head home and snooze... Saturday ""after breakfast naptime""."
Excellent service! Megan was a great server and there was an lovely greeting at the front door making me feel very welcome. Everything cooked to my specifications. They had lots of gluten free options also. I look forward to returning.
"Love this place, food is great and customer service is awesome. It is a little bit crowded which sometimes can be frustrating. I highly recommend palo mimosa"
"This was yummy!  It was hard to decide what to get I ended up getting the breakfast pot pie, since it's not something I make at home.  It is their twist of sausage biscuits and gravy.  It didn't disappoint!  They use puff pastry for the biscuit.  Their hash browns are a little cake of potato happiness. The next time I think I would try the pancake flight...it looked yummy too.  FYI there was a wait and I think this is the norm, there are places to shop to occupy your time and they text you letting you know your table is ready."
Breakfast at this place is fantastic!!!!! A wide variety of dishes with a pancake flight that is 2nd to none!  Their Nutella and banana pancakes are to die for!!!
"We are so happy we decided to eat here! When we first pulled up we saw a line at the door but we had time to kill so we decided to go for it, after a short 5
minute wait we were seated outside. My husband and I each got a mimosa which was delicious yet somewhat spendy $7 for a mimosa just seems overpriced in my opinion, but still tasted good. We each got a different eggs benedict and they were both delicious! Wish we were staying in the area longer so we could come back."
"We've been to the Snooze in San Diego and it's way better than this one. We checked in, and hour wait, honestly very typical and usually worth it. So went next door to shop. Got the text to our table was ready and to see the hostess within 5 minutes. There was a woman ahead of me asking the hostess tons of questions so by the time I checked in with her it had been SIX minutes after the text and our table was already given to someone else, the hostess kept repeating that it was because we hadn't gotten back to them, I showed her my phone stating it had only been 6 minutes and she clearly saw me waiting to speak with her prior to that.
Now we're seated, ordered pineapple juice and got apple juice. Our waitress probably couldn't hear us because of the ridiculously loud music playing  (not like the Snooze in San Diego where the background music is just that, in the background). 
Food came out, lukewarm at best and the toast was NOT toasted. Hmm, cold breakfast meat. Will probably never return unless we're in San Diego. Get it together Phoenix Snooze."
"Finally got the chance to try this place. Came here for my birthday and I have to say it wasn't worth the wait. The portions are small for the price. 

Let's start with the location itself. Extremely noisy, to the point where you can't hear the person in front of you.

The customer service was very good, as the staff was pretty friendly and courteous. 

On to what I oredered. The OMG! French Toast was a big let down. They were supposed to be stuffed and I didn't really see it, unless that was the stuff melted into the syrup. Taste could of been better, nothing OMG about it. But, you could taste the coconut. I was told by the waitress that it was 2 stuffed french toast cut into quarters, but in reality was just 1 french toast cut into quarters. Hardly worth the $9.75 I was charged. Also the large orange juice was in a small glass. Are you guys going off European measurements? The only thing I actually enjoyed was the bacon, cause how can you really mess that up.

Well, this place is over hyped and the wait is just not worth the wait. I'd recommend going to Black Bear instead. They only get 3 out of 5 stars for the customer service and the bacon. But, I might just be feeling generous today."
"Pineapple upside down PANCAKES ARE THE BESTEST EVER!!! I'm from Colorado too, so I know how involved they are with charity and volunteer work in their area. Great establishment!
I usually do one of two things. The burrito, so similar to a chimichanga. The Chilaqiles Benedict are pretty darn good. 
This week was national pancake day, so I decided to go to snooze. They had a portion of their pancake sales going to a hospital charity so I loaded up and went a bit out of my comfort zone. I ordered the Spud Deluxe and THREE different pancakes ( a portion of each pancake went to a hospital charity) For my pancakes I chose the Velvet(I'm not a chocolate fan but just sounded good) second I chose a banana glaze, walnut, and sweet creme cheese type of pancake( just the sound of the name creme cheese makes me eek cause I am big on cream but it was still good.) to finish it off as a dessert I made my last pancake are the PINEAPPLE UPSIDE DOWN CAKE. I love those pancakes. For my spud deluxe I added Avocado, an egg, and slow roasted pork. It was both delicious and large in portion. Being from Colorado I LOVE everything about this place. An even though there is always a wait, even though they're not as busy as their Colorado locations I still love everything about this place!"
"Stumbled upon this gem while in Denver and was soon ecstatic when I found out it was right here in phx! ( my favorite jeans....not so ecstatic). The sweet potato pancakes, as crazy as that sounds, are amazing!!!!!"
"First time here, we waited for 40mins on a Saturday morning which was the exact approx time given...  I actually timed it and it was accurate!! Our party ordered the steak and eggs Benedict, corned beef hash eggs and the OMG French toast. We were all impressed with how good the food tasted!! The French toast was excellent!!! I did give half of my steak and eggs Benedict to my son, and turns out the steak was undercooked. So they took back half of the order and came back with a full order taken off our bill! Excellent customer service with good food!!! Will definitely recommend!!"
"Waited almost an hour for a table Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant is quite loud, and I found the music somewhat loud and rather grating (it's all top 50 female pop star music - Britney Spears and Company).  I don't see why they don't have seating on their patio, or why they have a ping pong table out there taking up valuable space.

I started with their $3.50 hot chocolate.  It was cinnamony, and the whipped cream definitely helped its richness.  I would have preferred it hotter and less syrupy, as it was slightly Hershey's chocolate milk flavored.  With bolder flavors (darker chocolate, more cinnamon) and a temperature increase it would be much better.

I tried the breakfast pot pie which consisted of a sheet of flakey pastry topped with cream gravy (no large sausage chunks despite what the waitress said) that included many large chunks of undercooked carrots, and an egg sunny side up.  I added on a side of chicken sausage ($3.75) which was not tasty - very bland and a little dry.  I should've gotten the chorizo.  The hashed brown potatoes were undercooked.  Everything was cooling off when it was served, rather than being steaming hot.

The food was fine, but I didn't appreciate the multitude of undercooked carrots at all.  The gravy could've used more sausage and spice/heat.  It was a good idea for a dish, but the components outside the egg and basic puff pastry crust didn't deliver.

Service was okay, though I didn't care for the waitress splitting the ticket down the middle, instead of breaking it into separate checks.  Parking was easy in front of Nordstrom Rack, which you can peruse while you wait for them to text you that your table is ready.  I'm glad I finally got to check this place out, but I don't see myself coming back, especially considering their prices."
Oh em gee this place has delicious food! We went here for a birthday celebration and our waitress Stephanie was amazing! Their drinks are snazzy and fun. They even have a flight of PANCAKES so you can try three of them!
"Initially when we arrived they told us it'd be a 30-45 min wait for a table, but booths at the bar were available, so we went to the bar and got pretty quick service considering how busy it was. I ordered their sweet potato hash and it was delicious! My friend ordered the their omg French toast and it was too sweet! It was more like dessert than breakfast."
"Best breakfast I've had in a while.  Loved everything about this place.  The wait wasn't too bad but there was a wait the entire time I was there.  First, the use of technology was pretty cool.  They take your phone number and text you when your table is ready.  That was pretty cool.  I had scrambled eggs, hash browns and bacon and I substituted the toast with a Cinnamon Roll Pancake.  Everything I had was amazing.  The pancake was awesome.  

The one mistake I almost made was having some of the pancake before I spread the butter that was on top.  Then I realized I didn't spread it and took another bite and wow.  That just really made a big difference.  

The only real complaint I would have is that it takes a little bit for the food to come out but as good as it was, it was worth the wait."
"I'm such a frequent Snoozer. I've experienced a lot of really cool waiters/waitresses. I had Olivia today and she was literally the best. She was working with a great amount of people, I came in on a Saturday at 10am.. 30 minute but its a weekend! Anyway, our waitress Olivia was super nice, multitask very awesome and brought our drinks and food in a timely manner. Always very happy at this location out of all the Snooze in PHX!"
"cool retro decor.
but i don't eat ambiance.  the food brought me back a second time in two weeks.
i had the blueberry pancakes. both times.
and they nailed them.  amazingly yum.
my SO had the scramble. done perfectly
fluffy with rye toast and excellent jam. 
coffee cup was never empty and the bean was great.  i had iced tea and was offered a 
to go order on the house.  cool. our server was terrific.  wait for a table was not overly long.  love this place!"
Best breakfast in town. Do yourself a favor and get the sweet potato pancake. Wait time has been half as long as they told us. Great service!
"The food here is absolutely incredible! I love it and they are very accommodating to those with food allergies. I love their food and would recommend bringing friends, family or anyone from out of town here for breakfast. Very comfortable environment."
I at a the Snooze in Denver a few years ago and it was excellent so when I saw one here I kept meaning to try it. Finally went in on Saturday morning and they were packed. Wait was about 30 minutes but there is a lot to do nearby so it's not a problem killing time. The menu was different than the location I ate at but there are a lot of choices. The server was fantastic and she answered all my questions and helped me order what I wanted because my diet is a pain. Everything I tried was awesome. Even items I typically don't like were insanely good and I will definitely be going back.
"It is amazing, the service is 5 stars. Huervos rancheros was amazing, so amazing. The server also brought over ""off the menu"" pancake. Tasted like cinnamon roll with bacon (tastes even better then it sounds) all choices on the menu are bursting with flavor, it will take you a while picking out something you want most! My new favorite place to go in the mornings. I'd like to give a shoutout to Angela, our server, she was one of the best and friendliest servers we had. I wish I could give it a higher rating then 5 stars to bring the average up because it deserves more then 4 stars."
Great place to try!  They have an amazing amount of Gluten free choices.  The staff is so friendly and fun!  It's decorated retro and very different.  Great food and a fun experience!
"Best breakfast ever.  I have dreams about Snooze breakfast.  It is that good. 

I had first tried Snooze in Denver.  Then we moved to Phoenix and found out there was a location here as well.  Best day ever. 

The Breakfast Pot Pie.  The Breakfast Tacos.  The French Toast.  Those would be my 3 favorites...in no particular order.  

The atmosphere is great.  The food is awesome.  It's a staple! Do yourself and your belly a favor and just go there already."
"Trendy and popular place but not good for a weekend breakfast due to lengthy wait time. Pretty good food although my order was only lukewarm, not hot. It took 
a long time to arrive. Not sure what the hold up was but judging from the melted
powdered sugar, it had been sitting somewhere for a while. Spoke to the manager afterwards who made things right. Absent that, this would be a 3 star review. After all, this isn't Denny's which you will know when you see their prices ."
"Really great breakfast spot with unique and delicious foods. The egg white frittata was really good, nice sized portion. My husband said his corned beef hash was one of the best he's ever had.  We've never had a pineapple upside down pancake and it didn't disappoint us. Even their wheat toast was on point."
"Very tasty, nothing bland about this place. Omg French toast was amazing. Service was prompt and atmosphere is trendy and very comfortable. Will always recommend this place for breakfast!"
"Great food and service. Very energetic atmosphere. Resonably priced 
I will definitely be returning."
"This place is a joke. How they are able to stay so busy offering such a shit, overpriced menu is beyond me.

I hate breakfast, and I couldn't eat here; went because my girlfriend loves breakfast, so she chose to eat here. Their menu is like every stupidly hip breakfast place; the same dozen dishes with some different shit sprinkled on top. Might have settled on a sandwich, but you can't get a normal sandwich side (i.e. fries), because apparently that capability is beyond that of their kitchen. Nothing even remotely appealing for me.

She ordered some sort of egg benedict dish with tomatoes for a side. Thought that was an odd choice to make, much less be offered, but whatever. After looking at the pics of other people's food, it's a crapshoot as all the sides look pretty disappointing. Overpriced drinks and a crap selection of beers, too.

Her dish was pathetic. Two smallish eggs on two pieces of cocktail-party sized toasted rye, with 4 thin slices of a pithy, white tomato on the side. For $11.50. That's it... For $6 this would have been good value, for near double that, it was by-the-book wallet rape. She commented that everything was fine, but nothing better than what you would find at a breakfast buffet in Vegas. 

Service was nothing special, and everything was slow. Slow to get drinks, slow to get food (nearly 20 minutes for 2 eggs!?!), slow to get the check. The place wasn't super slammed, either. 

I guess some people are into this sort of experience and overpriced food. I'll just continue not wasting my time ever again."
"It's hard for me to convince myself to pay large amounts for breakfast... I mean its breakfast, generally a meal that seldom finds itself living up to your expectation, probably because its a meal that the average person can do well enough at home. With that being said Snooze is worth every penny. The food is excellent and the creative pancake options are to die for. Its easy to find yourself eating a lot here because the portions are a great size and its also hard to pass up trying things like pineapple upside down pancakes. This place is great, the music tends to be a bit much and often way too loud to deal with early in the morning for me, but the food is worth the discomfort. The menu could be a little cheaper considering but I love this place."
Really nice place to go to. The food here is exceptional. I tried the pancake of the day which was the butter melt with white chocolate chips and another flavor with it. The mocha was good as well. The place looks really clean and has a interesting character to it.
"I still love this place! Sadly, my beloved Blueberry Danish pancake is gone (it was seasonal), but they've added a Molten Chocolate Lava pancake, and it is amazing!!! I always clean my plate when I'm here. The wait time can be super long, but it's worth it!!! I'll be back soon!!!"
"Cinnamon roll pancake = easily one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten...perfect pancake, and I am a pancake fanatic so this is saying something...pretty good service too but be prepared to spend some time there."
"This is hands down one of our favorite breakfast joints in the valley. Their food and service is always amazing and the only thing I could say negative about this place, is waiting for a seat. The atmosphere is pretty cool, and the outdoor seating is just relaxing. 

If you like pulled pork, this is my favorite meal there!

Chile Verde Benny

Slow cooked pulled pork over a stack of green chile sauced tortillas and melted cheese with poached cage free eggs and green chili hollandaise, pico de gallo and cotija cheese."
"YUM!

I am huge breakfast fan, and the food is delicious.

The first time I went for a birthday brunch on a Saturday morning, there was a very long wait-I won't deny that it was annoying, but us midtown/Arcadia folks love our bunches! ;) We were told a 90 minute wait (!) but it was more of a 30 minute wait. Even then, we did wait quite a bit for the food, plus some of our orders were messed... but, all was made up when we weren't charged for the mistakes PLUS a  $25 gift card!! All was made right! Pancakes were delish!!

Second time we went during the week for a brunch/lunch, with no wait. And friendly service.  Eggs benedict were ahhmazing!

Check it out, but be prepared for the wait on weekends!"
"Just left...first timers. Where do I start? I must say I liked the decor and music. The servers seemed attentive except for ours. I ordered the three egg plate with my eggs over-medium because I hate runny whites. Guess what? Eggs came barely over easy. This plate was suppose to come with toast! Didn't get any to wipe up my runny egg whites. To top off the experience, a different server grabbed our salt and pepper shakers to do his side work and touched my straw with his hand as he put them back. Not sure why it's become acceptable for servers to be pulling items off our table when I'm trying to enjoy my meal but I find it rude. Might try the one in Tempe but more than likely sticking with Matt's Big Breakfast!"
"AMAZING!  Love the laid back atmosphere.  The omelet was AMAZING.  Pick your 3 favorite fillers and enjoy!  I chose mushrooms, spinach, and avocado!  Lean mean and green!
Service was quick, friendly, and educated on all their dishes!"
"Food was great, server was fine but I can't get over the absurdly long wait and rude host staff. We visited on a Sunday, had a party of two and were told we would have a 35 minute wait. Try an hour and twenty! We inquired twice about how much longer it would take and were told that we were the next party of two, only to watch another party of two be seated ahead of us. When I asked why we couldn't be seated at the booth that had been sitting open for several minutes, I was told that they wouldn't seat us there because we could only have a two top. Not to mention all three hostesses I encountered were snarky and dismissive. I am so disappointed, I don't mind waiting for good food but I expect a little respect in return. Management should review their policies and find some new staff."
I go to Snooze a lot not just in Arizona but in California as well and today I decided to take my sister who has never gone and we got two meals plus a kids meal and we were highly disappointed not just in our meals but in our service. we were not checked on and our food tasted pretty weird so the tip was way low and our food just sucked I probably won't be back for a long time Thanks.
"Good but not great. That's about all I can say. The prices are a little high for what you get. Second time there, nicely decorated. However it was worth going but probably won't be back."
"I don't wait in line for food - EVER, and this place always has a line. When a colleague suggested we meet at Snooze for a breakfast meeting I cringed. I reluctantly went and was thrilled there was a table open when I arrived. The restaurant gods were smiling on me. Obviously the place is popular and I can see why. The service was great. Our waitress was friendly, always ready to refresh coffee, making sure everything was OK. Not overbearing, just enough to feel taken care of. Now, I already had breakfast so just had coffee, other people ordered and they loved their food. The breakfast burrito was popular. It looked massive and not a single person was able to finish it, not because it was bad, but because of the size of the burrito. People seemed happy. Now, the burrito didn't come with any breakfast fluff on the side. You ordered the burrito and that is all that came, but it was ample. Next time I'll eat, but still won't wait in line."
Best breakfast I've had! Definitely will be returning! Amazing customer service! Keep it up snooze
Bomb pancakes! Weekday wait wasn't as bad as the weekend wait which was 60-80 minutes!
"I want to give a 2 star review but because of the gluten free options that are available you get another star. 

Review: We called in to place an order for pick-up take-out for 2 meals and were told it would be ready in 20minute.. When we get there in 20 minutes, the waitress tells us that they have no record of the order and that they will put it in right now and it will take 5-10 minutes....WE'RE HANGRY!! It took them 25minutes to get the food out to us. The manager did make up for it by offering 50% off our bill (which also makes me want to give you 3 stars instead of 2). Being allergic to gluten, I have to put up with this type of service because not many places offer yummy gluten free options like they do. The gluten free pancakes were worth the wait."
The breakfast selection was outstanding. We were visiting Arizona and looking for Southwestern breakfast options.. they had many! Everything was delicious.. especially the green chili tortilla base for the Mexican inspired benedicts! Service was great- atmosphere is relaxing and clean. Worth a 30 minute wait on a Saturday!
"We are fans of Snooze AM.   We have visited two locations -- one in Phoenix and one in Tempe.   Service and food was consistent between the locations.   

My son loves the pancake flights (you can build your own stack).  I love Juan's Tacos.  And my husband is a fan of their Omelettes.    

I've read several of the reviews reference the long wait.   One trick to the long wait at this particular location (on Camelback Road) is you can order your meal To Go and they go sit at one of the tables right outside the restaurant (there are a few in front of My Sister's Closet).

The staff is super friendly and always willing to give an opinion on what to get."
"On a Saturday morning, this place is mobbed, but definitely worth the wait.

The decor has a '50s diner vibe. The noise level is pretty high, but it adds to the fun.

Our food was really good, and there's plenty of it. I had the loaded spuds with chorizo and green chile sauce (my only complaint was that my dish must have sat waiting for the rest of the table order - it was lukewarm), and the table shared the French toast daily special. Yum. Another person at my table had the steak Benedict, which had the best hollandaise sauce I've ever had. 

Service was fast and friendly. The menu is pretty big, with a great variety of choices.

I'm looking forward to my next visit."
"This is going to be my new go to place for Breakfast/brunch. Although we had about a 45 min wait, which we were informed of, the service was not affected by the crowd. Jeff was our waiter and did an excellent job reviewing and explaining menu choices. We had a small mishap with one of our orders, and the kitchen corrected it, but then Jeff topped that with a kinda brunch dessert on him to make up for it. He brought us a pumpkin/pancake/topped with nuts that was fabulous! Thanks Jeff and thanks for not making us feel rushed even though the restaurant was packed! We were four ex-coworkers/friends looking to eat good food and catch up. Not dissappointed."
"Yummy food! Lots of options. Love their Mimosas and wide range juice selections. 

Kind of difficult to get into on the weekends, but it's very clear why. It's so good!"
Really good food. Loved the corned beef hash.  The waiters are kind of annoying though and always want to push you to get the check even if you're just chilling.  And one waitress saw me working on my laptop and asked me what I was working on which I thought was kind of invasive. Just mind your own business Snooze AM and bring me some more refills.
"4of5 stars since we sat out on the patio(few flies). Decent service, fresh ingredients, healthy portions. Music sounded like it came from my own Playlist."
"I was looking to try a new restaurant, and this place blew me away!  Not too expensive, and the food was excellent! Strongly recommend this place!"
"Snooze is by far one of our favorite breakfast spots! Super friendly staff, to die for food, and amazing drinks (booze and no booze). Highly recommended!"
"My husband went in for breakfast on a Tuesday morning at approximately 7am.  We normally visit the Tempe location but, decided to give this location a try. We were greeted and seated by the host and ignored for at least five minutes; I finally stood up from my seat I thought maybe they can't see us.  After being noticed, we placed our coffee order only to get a bitter tasting coffee.  I pushed it to the edge of the table hoping someone would notice, clearly by now they had to know we were there.  It just sat there for another 3 minutes.  Finally the waitress comes by and I told her something was wrong with my coffee; It had left a bitter taste in my mouth.  In the meantime, the restaurant manager, who resembles grumpy cat walks around greeting everyone else but, us. I have never felt so unwelcome at a restaurant before.  I will never visit this place again.  Word of advise, if someone is going to to spend 40+ and tip 10+ each visit, at least make them feel welcome. Tempe location rocks!  This place not!"
"One of my favorite places I have ever eaten at. My girlfriend and I ate at a location in Denver 2 years ago. At that time there was no AZ location...we checked. When we saw that there was one in Phoenix this morning the only question was how fast can we get there? 
This location was just as good as the one in Denver. The staff was friendly and attentive. We were sat at the bar and then asked to move over 1 spot each so another couple could sit next to us. For our trouble (none) the waitress sent us a free pineapple upside down pancake. We ordered the Benny Goodman (eggs Benedict/lox creation) and the Pot Pie (spin on biscuits and gravy). Everything was great. Always busy so be prepared to wait. I would have no problem waiting for an hour, maybe more."
"I absolutely love snooze! The food is great, the people are great, and the staff is awesome! I also love St. Germain's Elderflower, so naturally, I loved the Palomimosa!"
"Yum! My new breakfast spot to go to. I give this place 4 stars not 5 because although the food was delish, the service was slacking and the music was on the extremely loud side which could be good if you have loud kids or are in a tired mood and need to be jolted out of your sleepiness. 
They were closing at 2:30 so that could be the reason we had gotten the slacking service. Everyone seemed to be more focused on doing their side work and getting ready to leave. 

I suggest ordering the pancake flight. It comes with 3 pancakes of your choice. I enjoyed the sweet potato and blueberry Danish. There's nothing else like these pancakes. Really flavorful and unique. You can get them gluten free as well."
Had a delicious breakfast in a lovely open-air atmosphere. The service was fantastic and the manager Garrett was awesome!!
Overrated.  One bad experience then gave it another chance. Tried again and same bad experience - mediocre food. Service good. Food lacking. Won't go back. The location at Kierland much much better.
"Had the corned beef hash which is made in house. Big chunks of corned beef mixed with potatoes topped with two poached eggs. It was one of the best corned beef hash dishes I've had in a long time. Our waitress, Fanny, comped us one of their Blueberry Danish pancakes for our table to try. It was delicious! The service was top notch. Will definitely go back the next time I'm in the area!"
Drove from the northwest valley to eat here since we enjoyed our experience in San Diego unfortunately the experience was not the same. There was no wait time to be seated but unfortunately waited for nearly 15 minutes for anyone to take a our drink and food order. Then never got refills on drinks until she brought the bill. The music was so loud you couldn't even hear the person next to you. Only giving 3 stars because the food was decent. Will not be recommending this place to anyone and will NOT be visiting again.
"Spending a long weekend in Phoenix and out adventuring around, I dropped into Snooze for brunch.  From the moment I walked in and heard Erasure playing,  I was hooked. I sat at the bar and had the gazpacho bloody mary done spicy and the breakfast pot pie. The food was perfect (an absolutely perfectly done sunny side up egg!) and the young and friendly staff was terrific. Love the vibe!"
"Amazing food that is produced by combining a myriad of different local vendors ingredients! You might think with that in mind you will have to pay with an arm and a leg, but that is not necessarily the case. A full Rueben sandwich is basically $10, and it's fantastic! 

Additionally the customer service is outstanding. Angela, our waitress, was amazing and very upbeat. She even gave us a free dish of their secret pancakes!

Definitely a place to try at least once! You will not be disappointed... seriously try it."
Super fun place to eat!! Great menu and great service!!! Bloody Mary with Bacon!!!!!! Yes!!!
I had the smashin punkin pancakes and they were amazing! They had cream cheese were light and fluffy and the seeds on top were a perfect addition.
"I had been to Snooze in Boulder, CO and fell in love, so when they opened one here I was shocked! I love the atmosphere and the staff are always friendly. I've had the Sandwich I Am, the Breakfast Burrito and the heaping mound of hash browns and cheese that you get to add toppings to ( I chose chorizo and onion). Every item I have been thoroughly impressed with. So good. 
The only downfall to this place is they need to expand or open more locations because the wait time is ridiculous, even on weekdays. But, I guess that just shows how good the food is. Also, a huge disappointment for me is their coffee! How can you have such delicious food and such terrible coffee? They even have a great back story to the coffee and it still tastes bad. The location In boulder had good coffee so I'm not sure where the disconnect is."
Too busy for their own good.  We went on a Saturday morning around 8:45 and we were seated in 20 minutes at the bar which was fine.  The problem was that no one took our order or even water for 15 minutes.  We were there 25 minutes and never got our food although people around us arrived later and already had their food.  We left.  The food is supposed to be great.  We will never know.  The employees acted liked they were not trained well and did not know how to keep the flow of people going.
"So yummy! Good coffee, had a Bananutella pancake and a breakfast taco. The pablano hollandaise sauce makes the taco. If you're new to this place, they will do half orders on nearly everything, and make just about everything tailored to taste. Good service too. Will be back!"
"Here now. Waited hour for table. Fine. Beautiful day. Waited 30 mins for food once ordered.  My daughter's chocolate chip pancake was ice cold. My upside down pancake was cold. My rye toast was waived by a toaster and cold. Waitress was very apologetic and nice. Not coming back. Too bad, really enjoy the flavors, but not worth the wait and the aggravation."
"Not what I was expecting from the typical hipster breakfast joint in the biltmore. In fact the food was amazing along with a great vintage atmosphere that could be considered a mix from the contemporary 50's with some retro 70's to spice it up. The price matched the food with everything being made from scratch along with some of the best country gravy I've ever had! I recommend anyone to go and check out the food, the ambiance, and the very nice ladies that dish you up your food along with great customer service!"
The food was so good! All five family members loved it.  Everything we had was delicious. The wait was 40 minutes but it was worth it.  Smoked salmon eggs Benedict amazing.
Have breakfast for the first time... Service was quick and friendly. The menu had a lot of items. Ordered beat sandwich... Delicious. They use really good bread which is key for a sandwich. I love the one have French toast with sausage patty... She loved it. My cortado was awesome. The place is really good for a chain.
"Love the decor. Love the laid back atmosphere.  Absolutely HOOKED on sweet potato pancakes (ask for syrup on the side) and the B.E.A.T. which is a symphony of flavors all coated in runny egg yolk (just let it happen, don't overthink it).

Fun! Flavorful! Reasonably Priced!  Breakfast for Lunch - Oh Yes!"
"Loved what we ordered: Benny Goodman egg Benedict, Bella Bella egg Benedict, and 3 pancake flight. Can't wait to go back and try more!!"
"We stopped in this morning for breakfast to find a beautiful restaurant with friendly staff.  We were seated immediately and offered menus.  

The menu is what you might expect for a breakfast place, but what caught my eye was the Ham Benedict, served with two English muffins topped with shaved hickory smoked ham, perfectly poached Niman Ranch Cage Free Eggs and smoked cheddar hollandaise. 

As much as I love egg Benedict I almost hate to order it as it mostly gets served with a day old english muffins and gloopy hollandaise.  Not at Snooze, the muffin was perfectly fresh and buttery, poached egg cooked to perfection and the hollandaise was delicious.  

I am Not sure what is up with the mixed reviews here, but I am sure if Snooze is not to your liking, you will always be welcomed at Denny's.

Snooze is a welcome addition to the Town and Country Shopping Center."
"We were here recently while celebrating our anniversary, and the customer service was AMAZING. Blake went above and beyond and really turned what could have been a negative experience into the opposite. We'll definitely be back 

The food:
Husband built his own omelet and loved it. I got the salmon plate and it was goooood and surprisingly filling! The palomimosa and Bloody Mary were  too"
"Booooo longest wait time ever. Not worth it, too expensive and no salt. Na I'll skip it. Had the two versions of the eggs Benedict  (steak, beef)  and it was so vanilla. Mimosas were good (6 out of10)."
The service was amazing. They allow substitutions and have healthy options! The period are also pretty large. I would definitely come back again
"Breakfast Cocktails!!

Great laid back atmosphere here. They play up to date music and reggae, which gives the place positive vibes. My waiter was excellent & very friendly.
I came on  Friday morning and it was pretty packed. I had to wait about 15 mins for a table for one , since the bar area was also full.
I ordered the Mountain Mule cocktail. It was light and refreshing. You could tell there were fresh ingredients used. I didnt even taste the alcohol! 
 I ordered the breakfast pot pie. It was really tasty. The sausage gravy has a nice hint of herbs, and just the right consistency. The crust was phyllo dough and it was nice & flaky.
I did have to send my entree back due to it being on the cold side, but that was a quick fix and worth the wait.
I hope they bring this to Vegas.. it would be perfect for those needing to recoup from partying the night before on the strip!"
"Good service, food and cocktails!!! Perfect place to go if your local or out of town.... Don't let the line deceive you, sit at the bar!"
"My sister first introduced me to Snooze in San Diego. I immediately was a fan and try to hit it on every trip. Of course was super excited when I realized they were building one in AZ.  

I have only been to this location once since it is not in my neck of the woods. Went on a Monday morning on a holiday weekend so the restaurant was still busy. We were told the wait would be 30 minutes and given a pager. The wait ended up being much longer. At least over 45 minutes.  However, the restaurant did try to make up for it by bringing some blueberry pancakes to our table right after we got seated.

I am fan of their Eggs Benedict options. I love that they let you mix and match.  I like the Chilaquillas Benedict and the Caprese Benedict. Their OMG! French Toast is delicious and decadent. We always get one order to share with the table.  On the lighter side, their Quinoa Porridge is good too.  My kids love this place and their hot chocolate. They also have a great menu for Morning Cocktails.

Their prices are a bit high but you do get a great dining experience. The decor is very cool and retro. Expect to wait especially on the weekends. Can't wait for their new location to open up in Kierland because that is in my neck of the woods!"
"IN THIS CASE IF YOU SNOOZE YOU DON'T LOSE!  I've been to the Snooze in San Diego a couple times and absolutely loved the place.  In that Yelp review I said I was happy that they didn't have one here in Phoenix.  Cause if they did then I would turn into a fat ass from being there so much. So when I saw they opened up a Snooze out here I had to go.  This Snooze doesn't look as good or as big as the one in San Diego. But I came here for the food and the food did not completely disappoint.  What drew me there to begin with was the pineapple upside down pancakes.  I had a pancake flight, which allows you to pick 3 different pancakes. 

 I got the pineapple upside down, the carrot, and sweet potato pancakes along with the Green Eggs and Hammich.  The sandwich was good, but it wasn't anything great on the same level of the pancakes.  My girlfriend had the Sandwich I am and it was pretty bland.  I ended up being a good boyfriend and switching sandwiches with her since she liked mine.  Her daughter got chocolate chip pancakes.

  The reason i couldn't give this Snooze 5 stars is because of the service and the wait time.  We had to wait for about 45 minutes for a table on a Saturday morning. Now granted it was Saturday and even the Snooze in San Diego you had to wait a while for a table.  But the difference with that one was every seat was packed. And when they told you that your table was ready, your table was ready.  Here they text you to let you know that your table is ready. Then we had to wait another 5 minutes for our table to ready. The Snooze out here looked like it still had quite a bit of room to seat a good portion of people who were waiting to get tables. We sat on the patio cause it was quicker and they still had a whole other corner that could be used for seating.  For some reason they have a ping pong table taking up that whole area instead.  The other reason is the service.  Our waitress was nice but she was very neglectful, at least to our table anyway.  She brought the chocolate chip pancakes with no syrup.  she didn't come back around to ask us if we wanted anymore water, napkins, or anything else. I had to get up and grab some hot sauce from the service cart myself.  She was going around to all the other tables around us asking them if they needed anything, going over menu items with other patrons.  The 2 ladies who sat across from us had a dog with them and the dog got better service than us.  Speaking of dogs, i love dogs. If you want to bring dogs into the restaurant that's all fine and good. But to have the dog sitting at the table with you while you eat (and not a little dog either) that's a bit much.   Like i said she wasn't mean by any means, but she was not a good waitress. Will i be back at Snooze? DUH! Does a frog bump its ass when he hops?  Of course i will be there again.  The pineapple upside down pancakes are what brought me there and the pancakes are what will keep me coming back."
Got there at 7.00 am no lines. We got a lot of attention.  Had their pot pie . It was nice and flaky . Good flavor . Also had their special pancakes  . They are always  excellent.  . Great place if you don't have to wait
"FOOD IS GREAT...TOO LOUD.
I like to Relax and be able to Hear each other while eating - the trend of 'let's be hip' by having clatter, noise...and a 'frenetic feel'...I understand - Many of us mistake 'noise' for Aliveness.
Did love the food, had the Benny Goodman and Bella Bella split plate breakfast...will try to find a quiet corner if possible next time...if there is one."
"Good, but not great.  Perhaps a shortage of breakfast spots in the area are contributing to the hype..?  They were consistently busy from 9am to 10:30 am on a Thursday, which I found impressive... It was spring break though, so maybe that had something to do with it.  On to the food review:  I had a pancake flight and enjoyed em, but was not blown away by them.  The best part of the pancakes were the toppings.  Both the marscapone on the apple, and the caramel sauce and ginger butter on the sweet potato were uber-yummy.  The pineapple upside down and apple pancakes on their own were not impressive.  The sweet potato pancake was good on its own.  The others at my table LoVeD their hashbrowns. The portion was good and the seasonings were perfect.  The table unanimously HaTeD the bacon. To say it was crispy is an understatement.  It was about 8 seconds on the grill from being bacon dust.  By the time our server came by, we were wrapping up eating and didn't want to wait for new sides to be made though. She was nice about it and comp'd the house made chicken sausage I ordered as an apology.  The chicken sausage wasn't anything I would order again.  It was ground chicken, lightly spiced and placed on the griddle under a press ... served up flat as a board!  Not very attractive and only mildly tasty, which improved slightly with salt.  My mom had the breakfast burrito with both red and green sauce.  That was probably the winner at the table and the green sauce was darn good.  Snooze has great coffee and BIG mugs, which was nice cuz as I mentioned, service can be a bit slow w/refills and to check on you.  

I'd consider returning if prompted by friends.  Not sure I'd wander that far on my own for breakfast when places like Morning Squeeze are close by and have been unanimously stellar."
Overpriced small plates of uninspiring breakfast food except the pancakes which are amazing. Overall just a snooze.
Great meal with the customer service to match. My new favorite go to place for breakfast.
"Nothing like starting the day with a delicious Bloody Mary.  We opted for the mild, tho you can can order it with jalapeño vodka if you want a little bit of a kick.  I ordered the breakfast pot pie.  Flaky, light crust with an interesting combination of sausage and gravy and veggies that have you licking your plate, topped with a Sunnyside up egg.  Nice!  My friends ordered the breakfast tacos and the pancake flight.  More things to try the next time.  And the next time.  And the next time."
"This is one of the nicest dining experiences I've had in a long time.  The hostesses, management and our waitress Carla, were sooo nice.  I came with my elderly mother and all were so kind and accommodating.  The eggs Benedict were the best I've EVER had (and my kids will tell you I order them from coast to coast).  The drinks were great, too.  Don't miss this place or you will miss out!"
"This is such a good breakfast/brunch place! The environment is great, well besides the noise level which is pretty high, the food is amazeballs, and the drinks are also very good!

I went with my family and shared all of our foods with each other. Some of the foods we got were the burrito, pineapple upside down pancakes, the bananuttella pancakes, the eggs Benedict and some other dishes I forgot!

I wish this place had more TVs though - our group of 6 really wanted to watch a Yankees game and they were unable to grant our request. 

Overall, good food, good environment, good servers, and lack of enough TVs to satisfy!"
Very good place. Prepare to wait for a table. But can't go wrong with the breakfast tacos and pancake of the day. Food's not even expensive.
"This was my 2nd time eating at a Snooze location and it did not disappoint. I love that everything is customizable from selecting two different combinations of eggs Benedict to enjoying a pancake flight with three different flavors. 

My dining partners and I had the mmm mimosa, michelada, Chile verde Benedict, and pancake flight with the bourbon street pumpkin pancakes, upside down pineapple pancakes, and chocolate almond (flavor of the day). The upside down pineapple pancakes continue to be my favorite. I also loved the crunchiness of the chocolate almond. 

Service was fantastic."
"I became a fan when it opened in CO and was skeptical when testing the chain down in AZ but not disappointed. I was impressed with how big the area is and how fun of an environment (even has ping-pong tables for when you're waiting). I absolutely love the coffee (also free while waiting) and their OMG french toast always receives an ""oh my god, i've missed food tasting this good"" making it far worth the wait (even though it can be over an hour)."
Nice people. Good food.  Long wait of 45 minutes this morning at 930am. Lots of people left and they had three empty tables virtually all morning. A bit understaffed based on demand. Hash Bowne a bit undercooked for all of us. Better than good egg
"I stepped inside and felt like I was in the Jetsons. Very modern, retro. Love the decor. I've been here twice and it is a fun spot for breakfast, brunch or lunch. On my last visit I got the stuffed French toast. I was disappointed by the thin slices of bread used for the toast. They should use texas toast or challach to make the dish better. The filling was also lacking in flavor. On a previous visit, I tried hash browns that were baked and seemed almost raw in the middle- a very starchy potato grainy taste. I would not order those again. Overall, an ok place. I want to try the pancakes that they are famous for."
This place was amazing!! I got the OMG French toast and it was scrumptious. My BFF got the breakfast pot pie with a side cinnamon pancake that was as big as her head! Fat and fluffy. My BFF also said she loved the background music (they were playing Cake).
"Came here last weekend after an uber driver recommended the place and said it was a must. He sure was right! The ""Pancake Flight"" was the best decision we got the pineapple upside down pancake, sweet potatoes pancake and the Hot Cocoa pancake. They were out of this world amazing! We had gone Saturday for brunch and we loved it so much we went again on Sunday but the line was too long and we had a flight to catch back home. It is definitely worth the wait! On Saturday we only had to wait only ten minutes and we ended up popping into some shops near by while we waited to be called for a table. Also their hash browns and coffee are delicious! I wish I lived in AZ for this amazing spot!!"
"I love the tofu scramble from here! So flavorful and you can add 3 items to it, so I added pico de gallo, arugula, & avocado and I must say it was super delicious! It comes with toast and hash browns that are very good. I also ordered an almond milk latte, but it was too sweet for my liking. The previous time I came here, my niece ordered the hot chocolate and it was one my favorite hot chocolates I've had in a long time. The only dish I didn't really care for was the lox dish, but aside from that I've always enjoyed the dishes I've ordered."
"I showed up here on a Monday. 30 minute wait but I was curious so no big hurry. I finally grab a seat a counter. I was offered coffee a first time then never again. If you like their coffee you have to serve yourself in the corner where it's free for the waiters. The person behind the bar is way to busy to be attentive. Plus I was the oldest dude in the place and felt ignored. I'll live. 

The food was OK what there was of it. My rent is less than my omelet was. It's up charge city. And the omelette was smaller than the palm of my hand. Pancakes also underwhelming. Worst part my $25 breakfast arrived cold. Would never go back again. Ever!!"
"The Chilaquiles Benedict is the bomb dot com ~ must try! 

TIP: I would recommend getting here before 8:00am on the weekends otherwise you will wait 45 minutes +"
"I am so HAPPY they opened one up in AZ!! When I lived in Denver this was the spot to go to! Since its so good, the wait is pretty long. They have an awesome system down which they text you when your table is ready! Good thing Nordstrom Rack and all the other places are around the restaurant so you can go shopping! There is FREE water and coffee in the back which I LOVE! It's like getting free bread or chips and salsa when you go to a dinner restaurant! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu! **EXCITED**"
"Definitely a great place for brunch, lunch and light drinking! A friend recommended this place for brunch after we hiked Squaw Peak Trail and it was the perfect fit after a hot day of hiking. The restaurant itself is very trendy and quite popular so I suggest getting there early to avoid the brunch and lunch rush. 

I wanted a meal that was not too heavy yet still filled me up so I chose ""3 Eggs Any Style."" It comes with 3 eggs that are cooked however you want them, a fistful of seasoned hashbrowns and a wide variety of bread to choose from for toast. Although the meal I had was simple, it was absolutely delicious and the hashbrowns are what sold me on this place as a whole. The hashbrowns are already seasoned to perfection (in my opinion at least) and are crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. 

Other than some of the items on the menu being a little overpriced, I give this place 2 thumbs up and I definitely see this place becoming my new breakfast/brunch spot!"
"Best breakfast joint in Phoenix. From ambiance to staff to food it was all 10/10. You have to try the drunken monkey pancakes, it was heaven. I'll be back!"
Great food and atmosphere. Juana tacos were my favorite but I also tried two varieties of eggs Benedict which were also great.
"First time at snooze was phenomenal. Daniel was our server and he was extremely sweet and personable. HUGE menu with lots of variety, and our dishes were very yummy! Very cute decor and atmosphere inside the restaurant as well as a cute patio! We will most definitely be back."
"Not bad... but certainly not great.  There are several great breakfast joints in Phoenix and this is not one.  
I've been here 3 times and unfortunately the food seems to be getting worse.  Today my toast was black burnt (not dark brown.. black).  Eggs were supposed to be ""over medium"" and were barely cooked.  Service is ok - overall friendly staff.  
It just seems that this place could and should be so much better.  
I don't get the buzz and long weekend waits... it's really not worth it."
Quite possibly the slowest breakfast place in Arizona. Took the waiter 17 minutes to bring a drink. Improve your service and your attitude. They also have plenty of people waiting and plenty of empty tables. Quit trying to have people spend money on drinks and actually seat them! The food is good but for the service why pay the high prices?!
"There are all sorts of not-that-important issues I could bring up, but I'll cut to the chase - our food took 40 minutes to get to us (omelet and tacos, nothing extravagant), and it was cold. They used the wrong cheese in my omelet, and the woman sitting next to us also received a goof-up on her order. The food wasn't impressive at all, and my friend's hot chocolate tasted like it was made from Nesquik, too! Definitely won't be coming back."
"Thank you SNOOZE! Food was delicious and service was fantastic! Atmosphere nails it with fun, light, bright, airy, retro with perfect combination of booths, tables and bar. Pineapple upside side down pancake was yummy and not too sweet, classic Ham Benedict with shaved hickory ham,perfectly poached eggs and hollandaise will bring us back again and again!"
"Fantastic new restaurant! Great selection of breakfast items: I had the pancake flight where you pick three pancake flavors. I chose cinnamon roll, pineapple upside down cake and sweet potato! The servers are friendly and very quick, in spite of the fact that this place is always busy. This location is big; although there were many people here, there was no wait. I will definitely come back to Snooze. My whole family was in shock over how delicious their breakfast was. Incredible food, pleasant servers and no wait! Another plus: the sinks in the bathroom are cool and unique! Definitely try this place out."
"I had gone to Snooze when I lived in Denver, so I pretty much knew what to expect...very good breakfast spot 5 min from home...been a few times, had the pancake flight one time the loaded French Toast another time.  Big menu, lots of choices...as a side, some of the better bacon I've had locally.  I'd read about the long waits, but by going at 6:30 on weekdays, there was no wait.   Definitely among the better Phoenix breakfast joints, I'd rank it up there with my favorites--Scramble and Matt's Big Breakfast."
"So this time was one of the worst times since me and my girlfriend has been here. Katy (tall light black skinned lady) was really unattentive (from getting back to us about what to order) to the food taking a very long time to come out (mind you we've been here 2 other times, busier, and have gotten our food faster than this.) 

This time they failed us.

BUT Echo saved the day. She came to our table and sat down, talked to all of us, even took care of our whole bill. I will give this place 4 stars because of that right there. Professionalism. Thanks Echo.

Definitely for those of you reading this review, if you haven't tried this place, come and try it out!"
So I ate here this past weekend and it was okay. Maybe I should have ordered something different. Service was very attentive and sweet. It gets extremely packed so your best bet is to get here early or sit at the bar which is not bad at all!
Fanstastic place to get brunch. Got the drunk'n monkey and pineapple upside down. AMAZING!! Jeff our server was super nice. Got a complimentary cinnamon pancake from him. So amazing. Highly recommend.
"It's a really cool atmosphere to have breakfast in. The staff are all really friendly, and the decor/seating is unique in the best ways. The food was great. I got the pineapple upside down pancake. They were really big, enough for two mwals(there were 2 pancakes). The taste was good, but not as good as I was hoping though. My step-dad tried them and really liked them though, so it is really just individuals personal taste. I tried my mom's hash Browns and they were really good. Overall all three of us enjoyed our food and left as satisfied customers. It's a great place to go for breakfast."
"Service is a little slow but WHO CARES since the food is SO GOOD.  I used to go to the Snooze in Denver when I visited and have always ordered One Bella Bella, one different kind of benny(changes every time but HAVE to have at least one Benny, and share a flight of pancakes.  I usually get a pancake of the day, pineapple and a chocolate chip with white and regular chips.  So Good.  You're crazy if you don't go here just because they have an hour wait for the table. One last thing-- I HATE pancakes but i LOVE them here. :)"
The food here is good. Very tasty breakfast n lunch menu. Capacity crowd at lunch though. Outside patios for overflow.
"Came here on a Sunday morning, about 11am. Was pretty packed but went on to put in a name anyway for two. Was told it would be about a 45min wait, I said it was fine and walked outside. I looked around and realized this was going to be more than a 45min wait. I decided to leave and not cancel just to see how accurate they were being with giving out times. Turns out it was more of an hour to hour and 15min wait. Thankfully we left because we ended up at Chelsea's Kitchen which was only a 15min wait and SO good."
"Updating my previous review: after being gifted another visit I'm glad to report that our experience was much better. The staff was friendly and food was good. A much better experience all around, thank you. 

Drove from the northwest valley to eat here since we enjoyed our experience in San Diego unfortunately the experience was not the same. There was no wait time to be seated but unfortunately waited for nearly 15 minutes for anyone to take a our drink and food order. Then never got refills on drinks until she brought the bill. The music was so loud you couldn't even hear the person next to you. Only giving 3 stars because the food was decent. Will not be recommending this place to anyone and will NOT be visiting again."
"Good breakfast spot, laid back but it still moves. Retro design is cool. Staff is friendly and competent. Locals and travelers mixed together. The food, very good. Coffee good too. Great breakfast burrito, lots of fresh-Mex in the menu options. Interesting pancakes, and good standard fare as well. Visited many times in the spring, and the open air setup into the Café is refreshing.  You've gotta go there at least once, it's a unique and cool spot with good food."
Fantastic breakfast! Service was amazing & fun. These people seem to really live what they do! Lots of good for you & not so healthily breakfast choices with tons of flavor! Definitely recommend if you are in the area!
"Make sure you get here early if you want a table without having to wait for at least an hour. (Although they take your number and since it's in an outdoor shopping center you can pass time by shopping). 

I'm on a no caffeine and low salt diet. Unfortunately they do not have an online nutrition menu - really wish they did! However the waitress told me they could cook my hash browns without any salt which was great! Loved how crunchy it was! A little on the greasy side, but it didn't taste like it was drenched in it. I ordered a decaf iced vanilla latte, she said they only had decaf in hot but offered to put that over ice for me and it worked great! I would definitely come back again!"
"Ate here today with my boyfriend for our first time ever! Food was so amazing, especially the monkey French toast. The staff was extremely friendly and patient especially because we took forever to decide what we wanted :) already can't wait to go back."
Amazing food and our waiter Charles was the best! The place was packed however he never let it get tob him! Thanks!!
"When I go to a fancy breakfast place, I look for reasons to even be there instead of Ihop, Denny's, etc because A - its usually more expensive and B - its hard to improve on eggs over easy and bacon and these places are solid.  

I was going to get the breakfast pot pie but from the description it seemed less like a pie, more like a biscuit and gravy dish with a pie crust in place of biscuit.  I'm glad I asked because that's exactly what it was.  So I got the BLT instead.

Yea, it had a fancy pesto mayo on it and some kinda soft cheese but other than that, its your basic BLT and regular bacon (described as soft belly bacon).  It was good, but not good enough that I'd ever order this again.  I tried my friend's 3-ingredient omelet (sausage, cheddar and mushroom) and it was kind of dense and flavorless.  The hash browns are better than I thought they'd be, as they were shredded potatoes in the shape of a cylinder with only the top part crispy and I usually like these fried parts the best.  Nothing really special about them besides the shape.

Really, the only thing I've ever heard people rave about this place is the pancake flight deal so I won't fully dismiss the place til I've tried a pancake.  I probably won't be clamoring to be back anytime soon though."
"This place is on point!!! So tasty! Great menu with all the basics covered and some really great creative options as well. Lots of organic and fresh options. Coffee was delicious as well as organic and ethically sourced. Service today was provided by Jeff and he was great. In general all the servers and staff seemed to be friendly and working hard. I can't say enough good things about this place. Realized they have a location close to my home in Tustin, CA. Can't wait to hit up that location."
"This place is always busy on Saturday, but worth the wait!!!!!! Classic breakfast is delicious. They have vegetarian chorizo, it is to die for! Most places don't offer veggie meat but this is worth a try!!!"
"Scrumptious!!!!!

Met friends on a Friday around 9a for bkfst.  No wait.  We all shared the OMG french toast.  And OMG is an understatement.  So good we were fighting over the last bite.

Order ranged from a simple egg and bacon bkfst to the breakfast burrito which was gigantic!  The eggs benedict chilaquilas was delish!  Both the green chile sauce and the red chile sauce were yummy. The caramel latte and their regular coffee was outstanding.

The vibe of the restaurant was great.  Acoustics a little on the loud side but the place was nonstop.  

Service was also good.  Will defo be back and find a reason to make the trek!"
"Breakfast restaurants are a natural place to start the day.  This one has vibrant colors and a modern decor.  We decided to sit on the patio since the music was loud and my friend couldn't hear with that much background sound.  The full bar provided a ginger beer and vodka drink that was delicious.  Heaters for chilly days are available but today it was not needed given the warm day.
Our brunch was sweet potato pancakes with caramel sauce and walnuts and an eggs benedict over palenta with hash browns.  They arrived a bit late as did the coffee, but the wait and a good stiff drink made the extra time fly by.
Ingredients are fresh and flavors are excellent, this food is exceptional.
Snooze has plenty of young people and a very kind and efficient staff that keeps pace with a constant steady business in the middle of the day.
The location is perfect with a high-end grocery store and a bulk store around the back of the mall.  After the meal you can walk around the renovated mall and shop to your heart's content."
"When entering, the restaurant looks great. Love the Mod decor and upbeat music. We happened to go in the morning on a cooler day and they had the windows and doors open, so the place was downright chilly. We asked to be moved closer to the kitchen. The menu is great and there are plenty of unique items to choose from in addition to ""regular"" options. The food took a little while to arrive, but looked great when it did. I ordered the pea polenta cakes with hollandaise and my son ordered the french toast off the kids menu. Both of our orders tasted good, but were served luke-warm. The hashbrowns were not crispy and were served as if they had been popped out of muffin cups. Flavor good, temperature of food-not. I would have sent the food back, but it took a while to receive it and our waitress did not check in with us right away. While somewhat disappointing, I would go back, or maybe to a different Snooze."
"Some of the best home cooked breakfast, just like grandma made! Cozy upbeat environment filled with happy people. I tried the up apple down side pine cake and it's to die for."
"After waiting 20 minutes we were texted that our table was ready. Another lady said she was me and was seated. When the hostess finally got back to me she realized what happened, never apologized and said there would be 1-2 tables ahead of us. After waiting another 25 minutes checked back with the hostess and said they were told we were sitting at the bar. We've been standing there for 45 minutes and they kept looking at us. After telling them we were leaving they said they'd put us back on the list and there's only be 1-2 tables ahead of us. Why wouldn't you get us seated next? We left and probably won't be back. You need a better system for people waiting!"
Food was awesome.  Nice clean restaurant with a friendly staff. Tv's mounted on the walls to watch sports and they also play cool music in the background. Would definitely recommend.
"Atmosphere awesome. Very chic and hip little spot! Food was amazing and staff was super friendly! Great portion size and selection! Comingbfrom the pickiest eater, this spot is absolutely a must! Great way to end this AZ road trip!!"
Went here for breakfast the other morning and I loved it! Place is very cute inside. When we got there our waitress told us that their specialties were pancakes and benedicts so I opted for their chilaquiles Benedict and was very satisfied! My husband got the huevos rancheros with chorizo and that was really good too! We are within walking distance so we will definitely be back for more :)
"In love with this place. 100% worth the wait. Spuds deluxe is my fav! Nothing better than a bowl full of hashbrowns with 2 toppings of choice. Pretty cheap drinks too :)

I always take out of town guests here and they love it! Last time I came, we celebrated a birthday and they gave us a pancake with sprinkles and a candle. So cute!"
"Wow. Just wow. I had the blueberry pancake. Delicious!! 
The service is great and our waitress JENNA is on point. She is very attentive. Bonus! House coffee (Guatemalan blend) is my fave. Come super early it gets busy!!"
"This place is AMAZING!!!!!!! Hands down the best breakfast that I've had!!!! My friend and I ordered the trio pancakes and got blueberry Danish, upside down pineapple and sweet potato pancakes! Omg let me tell you... They were all delicious! It wasnt sweet at all and everything that was on it made it taste so perfect! We also ordered some eggs Benedict and I got the beef pot pie. Mmmmmm the eggs Benedict had shredded beef in it and it was so yummy with the pico de gallo! The beef pot pie was so good and I love how they made their biscuit super flaky and how it tasted light! I wasn't a big fan of the hash brown though. Other than that everything was delicious!! Service was great too and she was so helpful!"
"Everything here is complex and so good! They specialize in egg benedicts, breakfast sandwiches, and pancakes.  Had a lox benedict that was so good, and they use cream cheese in their hollandaise sauce. So creamy. Pancakes from pineapple upside-down to donut- inspired. We left wanting to go back the next time we visited phoenix. Get there early! On a week-day it got busy around 830 :)"
"Well, right from the start, the ONLY reason I did not give Snooze a 5 star rating is because or the wait, which was about 30 minutes longer that the hostess guesstimated.  The two of us sat at the bar for brunch yesterday, Sunday.  The attitudes and people skills of this place is off the chain, some of THE BEST that I have experienced.  
So after sitting at the bar for maybe 3 minutes already with coffee in my hand, one of the bar tenders, Andy served the people next to us a cocktail and they RAVED about it, so I asked Andy what it was.  His answer while giving us the extra in the shaker to taste was "" a little morning Margarita.""  My answer was that it could very easily turn into an all day BIGGGGG Margarita...soooooooooooooo good with the blood orange juice in it, yum!  We each ordered one.
So for brunch we decided to get 3 plates and graze; Lynne ordered the pancake sampler, (gluten free), I ordered the corn beef hash with sunny side up and also the OMG stuffed french toast, also gluten free as Lynne does not eat gluten.  I had to taste the OMG stuffed french toast first.  I will admit that I was very unsure of what I was going to taste as most of the time when I do taste gluten free bread, it just does NOT appeal to me.  Let me tell you OMG OMG OMG...it was OMG!!!!  My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.  I then tried mine, the corn beef hash.  I had it cooked crispy.  It was also off the chain, cooked perrrrrrrrfectly!  Next to get the pleasure of my fork was the pineapple pancake on Lynne's pancake sampler.  I have to say that after tasting all three plates, Snooze had a perfect score that day and we will be back very soon.  BTW, the ambiance was great.  The restaurant has great character and it is great for people watching there.  I want another one of those Margaritas!  Simply deeeeeeeeeeelicious!"
Food is pretty good. The hostess table is run AMAZINGLY!!  The issue is the service.  It just feels like everyone could use training.  I will say the blueberry pancakes are AWESOME!! They actually have blueberries in them!
Very cool atmosphere. I like the round tables. Very good customer service. Nice menu that has a variety of new breakfast ideas.
Met my girlfriend here around 12 noon.  Very clean and well decorated.  Everyone was pleasant.  Fresh food at fair price.  Nice booths and bar.  Will surely go back.  Their menu and website explains it all very well.
"Looking for the best brunch spot? This is it! Went last Sunday prepared for the wait but so excited to try the food. It was so worth it. The restaraunt was very retro with music playing and a bunch of loud chatter. Loved it. The employees very friendly and gave helpful suggestions. 

Now on to the food. I ordered the flight of pancakes with Swedish blueberry, pineapple upside down, and cinnamon roll. So good. Of course our party took little bites of each others food. Chilaquiles Benedict delicious. OMG French Toast yummy. I can't wait to go back."
"Went on a Tuesday morning and had a 15min wait I would hate to see it in a Sunday funday but hey it's worth the wait! Great menu & hard to choose! I had the breakfast pot pie which was hands down one of the best breakfast inventions I've had! The ""pie crust"" was made of a flakey pastry so it wasn't too filling and the gravy they put on it was so flavorful! a perfect breakfast or brunch meal & if I lived here I would have this place as one of my top go-to places! My mom had the OMG French toast and it was freaking delish my grandma has the sweet potato pancakes and they were equally as good but the French toast was seriously amazing! 
Great spot and highly recommend if you in Phoenix AZ :D"
This place was busy and delicious! We sat at the bar - no wait.  Our server Elisa was awesome and the food fantastic.  My husband enjoyed blueberry danish pancakes. I loved the pineapple upside down pancake.  A new favorite place when visiting Phoenix.  Lots of choices and friendly service.  Mimosas were just a bonus! Thanks Elisa - you rocked!
"Went an a Sunday at 10:30am
We had a large group (10) people, so it took over an hour to seat us.  I expected this, so not a negative, just providing some insight.
They seated half our group, then the other half about 10 minutes later.

Complimentary coffee while waiting is nice and the option to order a Bloody Mary or Mimosa, also a plus.
I consider most breakfast joints very similar, so I'll go over the highlights  of this new venture:

Host and other staff were friendly.  Manager type person seating a couple at the counter where I was waiting on a couple of Blood Mary cocktails, not so friendly.  They could add a sign at the end of counter that says ""walk up drink orders"" and probably help out everyone.
Breakfast cocktail selection was very good as well.  We tried the Gazpacho Bloody with pepper vodka and it was very tasty.
Great and varied menu.  Creative offerings and the food itself was very good!
We tried a number of things. The highlights included the Pancake flight, allowing you to mix and match three different pancakes.  Breakfast Pot Pie was delicious and filling.  They also had some tasty options for our non carnivore friend as well.

Regarding the comment about no paper towels in the bathroom.  The faucet has a built in Dyson Blade air hand dryer.  The only downside is if you are not familiar with this device you would benefit from reading the ""how-to"" they have posted right next to the sink.  Although I can certainly empathize that the last thing one might want to do on a Sunday morning breakfast is have to read instructions on how to dry one's hands! :)

All and all, good experience, great food.  Would I go back?  Yes."
"Is I lived in Phoenix, this place would be a staple for me.
I had eggs and hash and my friend had eggs Benedict. Loved them both."
"Well I finally had a chance to try out Snooze Eatery and really enjoyed the grub.  I say that even though we had to wait an hour for a seat. The family stopped by on Sunday morning and as mentioned, the place was very busy. No big deal, the wife and daughter drained the pocket book at other retail shops while we waited :). The restaurant had a nice vibe to it. Our waiter was very outgoing and helpful. For the food, we tried the trio of pancakes (pineapple, peach, and potato) and a benedict plate (sadly forgot the name). All were super tasty and if sweet is your thing, the pancakes are the way to go. Again though, both dishes were oh so good. I will definitely come by again and just hope its sooner than later."
"This place is my favorite breakfast place! I love the bacon, coffee, pancakes but mostly the environment! Heather the hostess is the sweetest girl ever! I adore her! This place as a whole I always leave with 100 percent satisfaction in knowing I was well taken care of by my server and food is always tasty! Also guys would be crazy not to promote heather into any position she desires! Great job snooze on camelback you guys are amazing!!!"
Visting from Texas and was looking for breakfast and going this place. The BEST pancakes I have very eaten and the service was AMAZING!!!! My husband had corn hash beef and I had ranchero eggs and it was delicious!!! We ended up eating here two days in a row!!!
Great place.   Food good and unusual items.  Downtown Tempe Az.  Atmosphere fun old and young people.  Service very good and happy
"Great place! Fun atmosphere, fresh and local when available! Made the breakfast tacos vegan and they were awesome! Have tried to go back and the wait has kept us away but hoping to go back once the buzz has calmed. Yum!"
"I have been to Snooze 5 times, but have only eaten here twice. The 3 times I was forced to turn away were because of 60-75 minute wait times. 

The food is great and I have been pleased with all of the meals and drinks I have sampled off their menu, but the current trendiness and long wait times make me more likely to choose a different breakfast place in this area. 

It's not really justifiable to eat here unless you really have a lot of time on your hands. Today we waited 35 minutes to be sat and another 40 waiting for food. Staff was friendly and pleasant and the patio table we sat at was very nice, but, again, it's just a crazy amount of time to devout to breakfast.

If they could find a way to seat and feed people in a more reasonable amount of time, Snooze would be worth WAY more stars."
"Delicious breakfast very friendly staff! 

Only downside is the long wait. I recommend the quinoa oatmeal."
Outside dining available. Portions were very good and food was very tasty! Gluten free options available for pancakes and toasts. Server was very helpful in describing the dishes.
"I've been to this Snooze location a few times and had really good experiences! The first time I was part of a big group and the other times it was only me and one other person. Wait times were long in both instances but that was expected.

Each time, we've received good service & good food! We all really enjoyed the different eggs benny options and the pancakes too. My fiancés favorite one is the Winter Harvest Benny, and I personally like the Bella! Bella! Benny and the Benny Goodman. Our pancake favorites are the Pineapple Upside Down, Peanut Butter Cup, etc etc.

Overall, I'd be inclined to return to this location and recommend it!"
"Bright, well decorated restaurant and they have a very nice patio.  The service was attentive even though we lingered for a long time at the table, and she was really nice.  The menu is amazing and everyone else at the table loved what they got.  The sweet potato pancake with pecans on top was enormous!  I ordered their special french toast and, while I can see why others would rave about it, it just didn't have enough filling for me and the bread itself was dry inside instead of custardy.  Excellent coffee and they  have real maple syrup...I would go back to try more of the menu!"
"Best breakfast around! The boyfriend and I come weekly in the afternoon. Staff is always friendly and service is quick. Our usual server is Carla, who's a sweetheart and does an awesome job."
"What a great find in my neighborhood of central Phoenix!  The food is delicious and beautifully presented.  The place is new, aesthetically pleasing and staffed by well-trained people who are pleasant, attentive and friendly.  The trendy decor, however, has nothing to absorb the noise so with the music a bit too loud, the voices are elevated as well and the overall noise level is just too much.  If the food wasn't exceptional, I would write this one off my list.  Maybe a weekday would be better if there are fewer diners!"
Oh!!!! Snooze!!! Try this place immediately. The pineapple pancake  is amazing. Great service and great people.
not much to complain about. Go on a bacon day to get extra menu items that will blow your mind.
"Amazing and relaxed breakfast spot!! The decor as you walk in is out of this world--literally it looks like you stepped into the 1950s. The staff was so receptive and kind and seated my friend and I right away. Snooze's menu is extensive, but their main feature is their pancakes. I ended up getting their egg scramble, which comes with three choices of topings (on them) and and toast and hashbrowns. I got my scramble filled with chicken sausage, Spinach and feta; and selected rye toast as my side. Oh wow, the scramble was so delicious! Everything was so fresh, light, and tasty--only thing I added was a little bit of peppet for some spice otherwise everything was great! This includes the rye toast that came with their homemade jam!! The hashbrown cake rounded everything out and was just enough for a great 11am breakfast!!

I love that Snooze uses local ingredients in all of their breakfast and brunch items! Totally check them out when you need to hit the snooze and may miss making your own breakfast!!"
It's worth the 30 minute wait!  Breakfast burrito was awesome. People were hip and not stuck up. Mimosas to die for. I'd suggest this place to anyone. Bon appetite!
"We went early in the morning (before 8:00 A.M.) as to avoid the long waits you hear of when going to Snooze. That was a good idea, we were seated right away. 

Our server, Michael, was great. He was fun and friendly, very thorough in answering our questions, and very knowledgeable of the menu. He continued to fill our waters and ask if he could get us anything even after we had finished eating. I will definitely look for him next time we eat at Snooze.

The food was great! If you get something from the sweet utopia section, be prepared! It is seriously sweet! That being said, it is sensational! We got the Pancake of the day to try, and between the four of us, it was plenty as a sweet treat!

We really did not have anything bad or negative. By the time we were leaving there was a long wait, so I would recommend going early as possible if you do not like to wait, however, it is definitely worth the wait."
"Delicious breakfast plain and simple.  You have to try their breakfast pot pie and their pineapple pancakes.  Seriously both of those are amazeballs and will send your taste buds into ecstasy!!  

Only complaint is that they lack seating and during their busy times they rush you out once you are done eating... a bit more than any other restaurant.  So I wouldn't suggest going on weekend mornings during busy times if you want a nice relaxed breakfast.  You will feel quite rushed and won't get to enjoy the place.  Kinda sucks but I guess they have to get as many people seated as possible.  Still worth it for a good breakfast."
Good atmosphere with great food! The stuffed French toast was delicious!  Omelette was good with lots to choose from.
"Snooze is delicious! Super friendly staff, great service, amazing food & coffee, good prices, just be prepared for a small wait."
Thank goodness for Yelp! We never would have come here without it! Perfection! We'll be back!
"I'm completely in LOVE with this place! I wish they would bring them to our hometown of NYC! No kidding... the service, the ambiance, the food, the coffee - everything was top notch at this place. I ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie with a chocolate chip pancake on the side. My husband got the Bella! Bella! Benny dish. Their menu is healthy and organic/free range where possible, which is very important to us. Soooo much better than IHOP, Denny's, Perkins or any other chain. We left feeling satisfied and light (not heavy & sleepy with indigestion). I'm just salivating remembering how delicious it was. It's a great place to have a reasonably priced breakfast if you are staying at the Royal Palms Resort & Spa like we were, or any place nearby. I would go to Phoenix just to eat here again, that's how much we liked it!"
"Great service! Even offered a sling for my baby's car seat which was awesome!

We ordered the corned beef hash! Which looked and tasted great!

Would recommend this place to everyone. Although don't come here on a Saturday for brunch it's very very busy!"
"AWESOME!!  The wait was long but worth it. I had the pancake flight and it was delicious. Pear, Sweet Potato and Blueberry were my picks. And the Mmm Mmm Mimosa was sublime. I can't say enough good things about how good this place is. I wish I lived closer but I'd probably weigh 300 lbs real quick.  Go now - you won't regret it."
Great food.  I hate this whole hipster crap but this place is pretty cool.
"I think this is only the second review I've ever posted in my life. Being in the restaurant industry for nearly 10 years, I've never been one to complain when dining out.

However, this was our second visit to Snooze and also the second time our food has come out completely cold.

After our first experience, we figured we would give the place another shot, as anyone can mess up, it's just part of being a busy restaurant, I get it. But our food came out completely cold for a second time!

Management and staff  were very polite and friendly, they did their best to make it right, even took care of our food (which was really nice)..
But when you're paying $14 a plate for breakfast, it should come out hot and fresh. The food should always be priority #1, if you want repeat business.

I wish this place luck, but unfortunately we won't be back. Scramble has better food..."
The food here is sooooo good. Best breakfast in town! The service is great too. A must try!
"Good breakfast. We just went shopping and decried to eat here. A lot of really good sounding options. Their hash brows are really delicious and it's not very expensive. 

They also have a lot of breakfast alcoholic drinks which was interesting."
"I was looking for an interesting new place to go over the labor day weekend. I checked out the  Snooze website and reviews, decided to give it a try. Was very crowded, but didn't have to wait very long. Like some of the other reviewers, we immediately noticed how loud the music was. We were seated next to each other at the counter, still had difficulty carrying on a conversation. Ordered the Gazpacho Bloody Mary and a Melon Mimosa. Both were average. My friend ordered the French toast, side of hash browns, side of bacon. I had the blueberry pancake, side of hash browns, side of bacon.  The food is okay, neither of us were overly impressed. The bacon has a great flavor, but extremely greasy. I can't say that anything stood out as spectacular. I definitely expected an experience that stood out. Just a bit disappointed."
"You tell them you are here, they text you when they can seat you, and they give you free coffee to keep you awake while you wait!  Then, it gets even BETTER!  The food is innovative and delicious.  I love breakfast, but there is usually one thing on the plate that could be prepared a bit better. Not here.  Our food came out hot and perfect.  I had the breakfast pot pie - puff pastry covered with a mild sausage gravy and a perfect over-easy egg.  Puff pastry crunchy and flaky?  Check.  Sausage gravy smooth and just the right thickness?  Check.  Egg cooked just over and hot?  Check.  Then, to top it all off, a round mold of the most delicious, perfectly crisped hash browns ever!  

My husband had the breakfast burrito.  Not original, you say?  Think again.  Fluffy, creamy eggs, with onions, chorizo and hash browns in a soft, soft, soft (not mushy, soft) burrito with a salsa verde on top.  I do not like chorizo or onions, but on this burrito, it was a perfect combination.  I wanted to eat slowly so I would never finish this meal.  The menu is so innovative and everything looks and sounds delicious.  We watched people rave to one another about the sweet potato pancakes and the Bella=Bella Benny.  The wait is more than worth it - but if you hate to wait, come early.  You will be happy you did."
I'm not even a breakfast person. But this is by far the best place I've ever been to and may have turned me into a breakfast person. The Benny duo was fantastic I tried two different flavors and both were great the hashbrowns were very well cooked and not overly greasy and the fruit was very fresh no bruises you could tell it was fresh-cut. I had a vanilla latte. Very well done everything had beautiful presentation and equally delicious sauces to go with it.  We waited about 30 minutes to get seated but absolutely worth the wait.
First time this morning and let me just say.. delicious! The food came out right on time nice and warm. The hot chocolate is a must! And the service was great!!! No complaints! Definitely going again!!!
"These are probably some of the best pancakes I've ever had. I had the flight with the Blueberry danish, sweet potato, and somoa pancake. All 3 were awesome. My boyfriend had the corned beef hash and that was equally amazing. I recommend the Bangkok Bloody Mary."
"What a great breakfast brunch spot! Quinoa bowl was so full of flavor and filling. My family got the benny duos with chilaquiles, and chile verde, and raved about them. our waitress, Olivia, was so down to earth and professional. We loved her! We will definitely be back"
This place was awesome as a person in the business for over 30 yrs I feel this rating was definitely warrented.  The entire crew were on their game with teamwork and ensuring that every guest was taken care of. The personal service we received as a group of 7 guys who had a very long weekend went above and beyond . If you read this review and don't go your a fool this was by far the best breakfast I've had and ranks near the top for service . The Manager Chris I believe sorry if that's wrong bearded guy working the front came to our table welcomed us told me about his restaurant like it was his own. This guy is a keeper loves what he does and it showed great great great job hope I can get back there again soon maybe the ones in California near me can be visited sooner .
"What more can I add to all the other reviews? I originally went to Snooze in San Diego (check out my review!) so when I saw that they came to Phoenix I had to try them, of course.  Snooze is an excellent place for an amazing breakfast. I always get a half order of the eggs benedict and then share a flight of pancakes because o.m.g. they're amazing! The pineapple upside down pancake...wow....could there a better pancake? NO! But the chocolate chip comes in right behind it. Also what I love are their hash browns because unlike other restaurants Snooze actually seasons their hash browns wonderfully. I generally hate hash browns and avoid getting them but at Snooze I have to have them! You can order anything and won't be disappointed. Service is always great and the place is really comfortable and clean. This place is a winner for sure! Oh! And if you're going for someone's birthday breakfast, quietly tell your server and he'll bring out a birthday festive pancake with a candle! Very cool."
"We were in the mood for brunch after a long night and this seemed like the perfect place.

We walked in and there was a wait but they have this cool feature in which they just text you when your table is almost ready so you can go anywhere in the shopping center. Great idea!
We sat outside because it was a beautiful day and we were greeted right away by a waitress and a lady that was training with her. They were both very outgoing and friendly. We were so hungry we could not choose so she told us what we should each get and we ordered it.
When we got our food it all looked amazing and we decided that we would split everything so we passed the food between all four of us and it was perfect. We had the:
-Breakfast Pot Pie: absolutely delicious. Very tasty with all the flavors you need in each bite.
-Snooze Breakfast Burrito: HUGE! This thing was so big that we could not even finish it! All flavors combined into a burrito... I couldn't tell you what was inside but it was all mixed beautifully
-Ham Benedict III: wow I could not believe all the flavors in each bite and how perfect it was!
-Pancake Flight (Pineapple Upside Down, the Carmel Apple Pie and the almond joy): now this changed my life because I love pancakes but when you make them different flavors of other desserts its just too much for me to handle but I enjoyed every bite and it was a perfect finish to the amazing feast!

We rolled out of this place very full, happy and with a lot less dollars because its not cheap but it is worth it!"
"I love this new place especially the location is perfect right off the 51. My first time coming in and I met a wonderful elderly couple as much as I enjoyed my breakfast I enjoyed them so much more. Great service great employees, everyone is so friendly. You won't be disappointed."
Love the setting and the fresh new way eggs and pancakes are presented.  Options galore... You won't be disappointed!
"I REALLY wanted to like this place but it was only ok. We waited about 30 minutes for a table. Service was solid but nothing special. First strike was the hot chocolate. Just tasted like warmed up milk, no chocolaty flavor. I ordered the breakfast tacos with sausage. They weren't seasoned at all. My husband had the peanut butter cup pancakes. Sounds delicious right?  They were fine but not great. Overall, my feeling walking out was ""meh..."""
"This place is my new favorite breakfast joint!  Mimosa glasses....LARGE!  Thank u for that! We started at the bar which was easy to get into because there was a break between chairs in the middle so that people on the wait can get to it easier.  We waited 30mins for a table but this place was well worth the wait. And the drinks are big so they lasted.
Friend got a bacon Bloody Mary and was pleased with the flavors
The Chilaquiles Benedict was amazing. Hash browns cooked just right!
Asked for an expresso martini and they said ""sure! What's in it?""  I told them.... And it wAs made perfect but not in a martini glass but a glass. And who cares. It was cold and yummy!

Our server Alex (I believe his name was) provided amazing and friendly service"
"Do. Not. Come. For. The. Coffee.

Even though there is a special stand-up card on every table speaking sooooo highly about the quality of the restaurant's coffee and it's super special artisanal-ness, it was burnt swill. I drink coffee rarely anymore so when I decide to have a cup I'm very selective. After reading said little stand up card I thought, surely for all this marketing, there must be something to the coffee here. Not so much. It was worse than the burnt roasts at Starbucks. And to be fair - in case the particular pot that poured my cup had sat too long - I requested a new cup from a fresh pot. Same thing. Even the manager that I spoke with after the meal rolled his eyes when I talked about the coffee and basically said it had the quality of gasoline.

But I get ahead of myself. Let's return to the beginning because the coffee is not alone in the mediocrity that was Snooze that day.

When you come during a busy time, expect a wait. That doesn't bother me at all - the bustle of an exciting and popular restaurant and a little wait tells me that many folks are happy to be eating there - and it's usually an indication of great quality food and service. Once a table became available, we did get stuck in a back corner next to a pile of high chairs, the swinging back patio door, and under an air conditioning fan. The only thing that saved me from freezing was the regular opening of the door letting in the warm summer air as servers went in and out. So not the best table and not the best climate control, but all in all that wasn't going to get us down.

The restaurant was slammed. I might also say that during busy hours, Do. Not. Come. For. The. Service. It's so disappointing that we as patrons should need to avoid certain hours of the day because waitstaff whose job it is to know how to wait tables properly during their ENTIRE SHIFT simply cannot manage to hold it together when it's time to MOVE QUICKLY AND SMARTLY.

Our server couldn't manage that. We waited for someone to take our first drink order (that lovely coffee) an unreasonable amount of time. Once she showed up, she was distracted and never once looked us in the eye. Every interaction with her during the visit found her constantly looking ahead to her next task, her next stop - so much so that she seemed to already be gone from the table by the time she got there. And to top it off, she put on the fake sugary patronizing voice that makes it SOUND like she cared about what was being asked for, but her mind was elsewhere. And when we did ask for something - cream, natural sugar - it took an unreasonable amount of time to receive it.

It's unfortunate that now I can't remember much about the food. I think it was fine - maybe even inventive. I might have had a Benedict (?) with an interesting rendition of asparagus (?). I think my husband enjoyed whatever he ate too. I waited too long to write this review for starters, but my memory of the food is eclipsed by the poor service and the supercilious attitude of our server.

But then there was also this.

Two women were seated at about the same time next to us. They ordered pancakes (JUST PANCAKES) and REQUESTED the pancakes be cooked well in the middle. This order was taken right around the time of our coffee order. Their pancakes arrived right around the time our food order was taken. The pancakes were RUNNY in the middle. They sent them back.

The server that was working with them didn't apologize, didn't assure them that it would be made right, didn't demonstrate care one way or the other that the kitchen messed up or that she put crap food down for two people she's supposed to be caring for. Her attitude was rather that she was terribly inconvenienced by the whole thing and it now threw a wrench into her works.

Our food came. We ate - leisurely and talking. Out of the corner of my eye I watched the table next to us. They sat. And waited. We ate. And talked. They waited some more. No one came to tell them it would ""be just a few more minutes and we're so sorry for the mix up"". At one point someone came and delivered a side of bacon. OF BACON! They had the balls to slap down a side and run away when the main course wasn't even present. Poor, poor, POOR SERVICE.

We finally finished our meal. The pancakes finally showed up. It had to have been 20-30 minutes later. For pancakes, people. Pancakes. A 6-10 minute dish and you couldn't be bothered to get it together and treat these women well.

Pitiful.

We paid. And after stopping to express my apologies to the women for how they were treated at Snooze, I went straight to the manager to tell him just how piss-poor their service was. (And how the coffee was burnt swill.) To his credit, he said he would make it right immediately and he was confident the ladies would be happy by the time they left. I really hope that meant comping their entire bill.

Do better, Snooze. You're not ""all that""."
"Verde Bloody Mary and the Havana Benny is my perfect breakfast. If you want to try two different Benny's, you can split an order of two Bennys. The pancakes are great, especially the cinnamon bun pancake. A few other good ones were the Samoa (like the girl scout cookie) and the pineapple upside down pancake. 

Service is extremely friendly and great, but its EXTREMELY SLOW. Everytime I've gone we always get bloody mary's and mimosa's and it takes FOREVER. Then the food takes even longer to get, but you know what?? Its worth the wait. Expect to be waiting for a table too, each time I've gone its been about 45 min."
"Oh my, what I say!  The food is well presented and delicious, although it could have been hotter.  Best breakfast in the Valley."
"Over Rated! Nothing special....service was average/ food average ...

It's trying hard to be hip....

It's breakfast food...it's easy"
Had the pancake flight which was amazing. My favorite was the sweet potato pancake. They have the most amazing Benedict's yum. Try the Bella Bella it's to die for with prociutto and balsamic reduction. Definitely best Benedict in town!
"Pineapple upside down pancakes were awesome!!! Not too sweet, perfect. Our server was very nice as well."
"LOVE this place.  Delicious.  The downside is that it may become an addiction.

When friends or family come to town this will be my go-to place for breakfast.  The pineapple upside down cakes are beyond belief.  

I've been four times, have tried something new each time, and each time thought it was fantastic.  

Love the decor and the staff is very courteous and friendly."
Great breakfast food. Got the Snooze Spuds (a plate of hashbrowns and cheese with your choice of add-ins) and the daily Banana Fosters pancake on the side. I didn't realize the pancake would be so HUGE! But everything was really good and the service was great. Go with a hearty appetite if you want to try more than one thing.
"I've been to this location multiple times and have gotten a few different things. Every time that I've been here I've always done take out just because the wait time is always super long and don't really have patience to wait that long, especially in the morning when I'm hungry. The Sandwich I am is probably my favorite thing on the menu! There's a sauce that comes with the sandwich and they've forgotten it a few times which is quite annoying and I've always noticed it was missing when I arrived home. The customer service is pretty good. The menu prices are a little high though for me. I think I'd definitely give another star if the prices were lower!"
"Best breakfast place in Phoenix.  The wait is usually pretty long, but it is well worth it.  Staff is friendly and will make balloon animals while you wait.  We have had the eggs benedict, many types of pancakes, and french toast and everything has been amazing."
"This is the best breakfast/brunch place there is! The staff is amazing, the food is outstanding, and the atmosphere is wonderful! I eat here on average of at least once a week, but more often lately. The snooze spuds deluxe are phenomenal! Also request RC as your server! He is attentive, funny, friendly, and just one of the best servers I have ever had! Say hello to Ramon the manager as well!"
"This place has an amazing peanut butter and chocolate pancake. I strongly recommend it. I haven't had anything else there that I like, and it's a bit pricey. But it's good/acceptable as long as you're patient and want a breakfast place with a twist."
"Long line. But, the waitresses/waiters are very nice. A very nice lovely place. The seatings are kind of cramped, but it's ok. The food is very typical breakfast food. Nothing out of the ordinary. But I loved the feel of the place. I love the variety on the menu. I had a great experience there."
"Being a green chile lover, I had the pork chile verde which was incredible.  Personally, I would've loved even more of the green chile, but for Phoenix, it was yummy!  Packed on a Friday morning - does anyone work anymore?"
"Never knew pancakes could be prepared in so many wonderful ways! I'd recommend the pancake sampler (3) and indulge in some new varieties, including the pancake of the day. 

I also ordered the chicken patty. It was flavorful, but a bit more salty than I'd prefer."
"I was so happy to find this place when I came for a visit. Staff was on point, food was amazing, and the design/atmosphere of the place was great. Was so grateful for the gluten free options that they had."
Good food but service to slow every time we have breakfast here!!the staff is ok I guess it's just lack of staff training!!
Very nice to site outside in a shaded area. Food and service was outstanding will come back
"OMG OMG! This place is the best! You walk in and they were rocking some old school MJ first thing in the morning; that was the first plus. They have these booths that are set up like a circle so everyone gets a comfy  seat ; second plus. The service is great the waitress was so nice and attentive; third plus. Then, oh and then, the food.... The breakfast burrito, taking a bite of that will set off every taste bud in your mouth. The pancakes are good too, not the best I've ever had, but the toppings make up for it. To top it all off, they have amazing drinks, and it's all really affordable! Can't wait to go back!"
"The food is so good, the service is always top notch, and their cocktails are stellar. The only reason I'd give 4 out of 5 stars is because it's a challenge to get into this place. It's no surprise they're always on a wait, it's a really great place to have breakfast. Shout out to one of the servers Joe, we try to get him if he's there. He's funny and treats his guests right"
"While I'm starting low because my experience hasn't been that great, I'm still willing to come back and try it again. 

Walking in the decor is modern hip diner with wood flooring, dark cabinetry, paper fixtures, and an appeasing green/orange/brown color scheme. I didn't have to wait as I went straight to the bar to sit. The noise level is a little loud with techno type music playing. This is a little random but the silverware was bulky and hard to use. 

I ordered 1 scrambled egg. Side of hash browns. Soyrizo. Tortilla. Coffee. The total was $11.37. The egg was cooked well and the hash browns was a healthy portion. However, both were very bland. I didn't even eat the soyrizo as the spices gave it a horrible taste, so I didn't touch it past the first bite. I'm spoiled by the Trader Joes soyrizo I think. The coffee was also bland, but I drank it because I needed my caffeine. I was never offered a refill or top off. The bartender was prompt enough but no personality. Never asked how everything was etc. 

I've heard so many good things about this place, so I was disappointed. Next time I will try those pancakes everyone talks about, and partake of the bar menu."
"Had the pancakes, hash browns and egg whites. Wife and daughter had vegan/vegetarian breakfast burrito. Neither one of them could finish burrito and they said it was very good."
"I looooooove this place! It is well worth the wait!!!! The service is always courteous and prompt, the food is always so fresh, and the Orange juice is tasty! this was my second time here and so far I've tried their eggs Benedict with smoked salmon, the breakfast tacos, and pancakes. I have never been disappointed. I am really looking forward to my next visit to Phoenix!"
"Quoted 65-75 min on a Sunday, waited 1:45. Checked in w hostess twice who said were running 12 min behind. No apology or explanation, she just kept pointing to her ipad. When checking in the third time we were told they texted us six minutes ago. No text, hostess wrote the number down wrong. Hostess never came to find us, even though we'd asked her twice where we were in line. Do better hostess, it's your job to find us-esp when we've checked in. You know who we are. The girl bussing our table was super slow, no sense of urgency whatsoever. I felt badly for our server, who was walking into a hornets nest. But then she didn't bring us water for 10min, so that feeling disappeared quickly. But she was super friendly, so she deserves credit for trying to rescue our experience. The food arrived fairly quickly but in batches and was not hot. Can't explain that one. Egg whites and pineapple upside down pancake were late or forgotten. The manager never stopped by once, but to their credit we never asked for a deal of any kind either. 
We're from Denver and the Snoozes there are much better than what we experienced in Phoenix.
Note: Our family owns a steakhouse and knows what they're doing. This group failed us. Especially when a family waits so long. No accountability for our experience. Do better."
I gave five stars even though there was a LOOOONG wait...however I can't hold that against them. The food and drinks held up to all the rave! The service was top notch as well! I will be returning!
"Great spot with great breakfast items..   Even though it's a chain, I'm happy to see THIS chain come to Austin.   Austin isn't very welcoming of outsider restaurants.   Glad I tried this one in Phoenix.    Overall, great atmosphere and selection"
"Absolute worst service that I have received from a general manager before. It was pathetic and ruined my Sunday morning. Checked in for two letting them know we have a dog so we need the patio. After waiting for an hour we are sat at a two top right in the middle of the patio. No room for our dog as the pathway was maybe two feet wide so the whole time we would be eating she would be in the way of servers and patrons. Asked if we could move to either of the open tables and she was not willing to move us because she had a ""list"" to go by. We were just on that ""list"" and were at the top of it so you should make sure that we were priority. Total disregard for us your customer who has made snooze a frequent stop. Not anymore, you have forever lost our business and i will make sure to spread the word about. After being in the service industry for over 8 years, I know what needs to be done to satisfy your customers and you did everything but that. Don't be a dog friendly patio if you are not willing to do anything and accommodate your guest."
"A solid four rating....I rarely comment on decor.....but this place has a real nice feel to it.   Wait staff friendly and energetic....and helpful....explained menu items and specials.

Corned beef hash was excellent...eggs cooked to order and very fresh.  And portions just right.....didn't try to cover lack of flavor with sheer volume...

Seemed to be several regulars which is a good sign.

Highly recommend you try Snooze."
"Great atmosphere...bright & cheery, as a breakfast joint should be! They have gluten-free pancakes...score!! Staff were nice, but busy...no help with menu options, which would be nice for new-comers like me. Overall, excellent experience!"
"So as a first timer im a little disappointed.
I got the breakfast pot pie with the egg on top and a side of bacon.
The bacon was so rock solid with no flavor. Plus i got just bits and pieces of the bacon not a full slice. 3$ for that?!  I guess i came in to late that they couldnt cook it fresh? Not sure.
The hash browns were pretty good and the pot pie was good. I asked for hot sauce and the guy brings me a empty bottle? I let him know and he never came by to give me a new one.
I also never got a refill on my drink after asking twice. I guess i just have terrible luck with that, seems every resturant they forget. 
The service was alright.
I dont think ill be back though. Really was looking forward to this place sucks how it turned out.. i wanted to order pancakes to go because they sounded so good, but i passed and kinda glad i did..
I dont think ill ever be back sadly...
Also the music is really a bit much for kids. Maybe it was just the wrong time of day but not a place to bring kids. The music says bitch, motherfucker, hoe, pussy, dick, sex things of that nature. Not something a kid should be hearing. Not that i have an issue but if your looking to bring your kids, beware."
Came on a Sunday for brunch. Long wait was well worth it!! Our server Taryn was the BEST! Never disappointed here.
"Amazing food that hit all the right notes. Delicious cold brew coffee that was very necessary on a 100-degree morning on the patio. Very friendly service, convenient location."
"First time here, a must is the Breakfast Pot Pie my friend got that plate and it was delicious! I even wanted to trade him for my Snooze Spuds Deluxe."
"Im not a pancake person but it was pretty good. Sandiago, CA seems better than the PHX restaurant."
Everything was really good from food to  service and even the ambience. The wait was really long but so worth it. I would definitely recommend it if you don't mind waiting an hr to eat.
"Two of the meals I've had here were easily two of the most delicious meals I have ever had. Service is super friendly. They have multiple kinds of hollandaise.

The wait can be kinda long on weekends. We have waited 45 minutes a couple of times. It was worth the wait though.

Restroom is good."
"The food was what got this place up to two stars. It was pretty tasty if you are willing to spend half your day on breakfast. This is probably the most poorly managed restaurant I have been to in years. Put your name down and go have breakfast somewhere else. By the time your name is called it should be time for lunch. After years in the industry restaurants are all about the experience and less about the food. The food was good here for the most part aside from the hash browns. For a larger sized restaurant serving breakfast food I do not understand how on earth anyone would have to wait any longer than 40 minutes, but this seems standard to Snooze. I guess if you have a half a day to spend and your bored it's a great place for people watching and you will get to eat eventually. I won't be back again."
"Heaven....I can't wait to go back. Best breakfast I've had in years. My almond milk chai latte was amazing!!

The food was fabulously creative.  Servers were awesome and patient. And they play music that you would not expect which really adds to the fun.  Did I mention you can stare at Nordstroms Rack while you wait...like I said Heaven ^-^"
"If you're visiting Phoenix, I recommend Snooze as your Brunch choice! My friends who live here brought me here for great food and drinks. You can choose anything off their menu and you'll find something amazing and tasty. I would advise you to come early or be prepared to wait. The shopping center is nice and shady, so go on a stroll before your epic brunch!"
"I came here today and got the Winter Harvest Benedict and it was the best I've ever had, along with the Gazpacho Bloody Mary which was extraordinary... But what I really want to point out is the service. It was on point. Olivia was my server and along with her warm and welcoming attitude, she made it a great experience. I'll definitely be coming back for all of the above. Ask for Olivia, she's amazing! :)"
"Wow! Just fantastic. Picture this....its 10 am in what is about to become a 115° day in Phx and we walk in and they say immediate seating on the patio. The niece and I look at each other but our hunger takes over and we agree to go for it. We're approached by Joe, who cracks a joke about her ordering a cappuccino but she hasn't had her coffee yet so she does not care that it's gonna be a scorcher today. He helps us navigate the menu and we ordered the pancake flight which we had about 6 choices (you get 3) and we chose pineapple upside down cake with a creme anglaise, sweet potato with brown butter butter and the daily special which was like a smoothie kind of flavor on a white chocolate pancake. Yum!! We also shared the hash browns with cheese and 2 choices of meats, sauces or veggies. We got onions, bacon and spinach (.75). Plenty to share. 2 drinks later and 31 bucks. Totally reasonable and absolutely delicious. Top all that off with Joe's amazing service and you have a recipe for ""Im going back""!"
After waiting for 30 mins for a table and another 40 for food we left when we were told It would be awhile for our food because the kitchen was so backed up. Many employees talking to customers but apparently none who can cook. None of the tables around us had food. Don't go unless you have a few hours to wait for a couple eggs.
"Been in AZ for 5 days and have been here twice. The service is awesome. We did experience a little hiccup the second visit but Echo the ""Peacemaker""  and our waitress Dre stepped up and ended our experience and meal with smiles and class. Worth the wait.  Food and service get 5 stars. Thank you."
"This is a cute, trendy breakfast spot.  The menu is very comprehensive.  Included are gluten free dishes, vegetarian and mucho healthy options.  Unique pancakes, eggs Benedict and drinks, yes drinks were most interesting.  I had corn beef hash.  It was perfect, crunchy and flavorful.  The pancakes were a bit heavy for my taste.  Be ready to wait but it is not Snooze's fault.  People love to linger here and linger and linger!  Food could have been warmer when served. I'll go back again, more to try."
"even though it is nice to have a new eatery in the neighborhood...and we wish them good luck..they need to work on the food..
nice waitress but she was even embarrassed....took forever for order to arrive and not
all in party were served at the same time...food was tasteless...hashbrowns just bronw on outside..raw on inside..other foods cheese was burned...sandwich tasteless..not sure what ingredients the chef used in that ruben but it was a gagger...

waitress tried to resolve with chef but no relief was offered...businesses are built on
return customers and referrals..but I don't see us returning there or making positive referrals..sorry

UPDATE:
Others in the party contacted the restaurant. The management/owners? contacted her .
They were very receptive to the comments and critique and our concerns and wanted to make it right. People in our party will try the new place again (ON THE HOUSE)
and hope that event was just a fluke. Hope the new restaurant continues to try and
improve service and food."
"OMG!!! My mom, daughter and I had breakfast here while visiting the area from Texas. Service was fantastic and the food was to die for! If I had unlimited financial resources I would be flying into town every weekend just to have breakfast here. I see on the website that locations are being added in the Dallas area. YEA!!! TIP: Forget the Walnut Hill location and open a location in  the Deep Ellum area (downtown Dallas). That would serve those of us who live in the counties SOUTH of Dallas. We do NOT like to drive to the north side!!"
"This eatery is delicious. I first ate at a Snooze in Denver, CO (a few years ago) and was delighted to find out that Phoenix had one. A group of us had lunch, and just as expected the food was amazing. The only complaint I have is that our waitress didn't visit our table often. It took a while to get our food, and we were never asked if we wanted to order drinks. All that being said, the food is outstanding, the atmosphere is inviting, and everything on the menu is tasty. I highly recommend the Eggs Benedict lll!"
I like Snooze. First time I tried it was in North Park in San Diego. I'm deducting 1 star because I found the OMG French Toast at this location to be more undercooked and less tasty than the one in San Diego. My advice: get here early like I did unless you want to wait outside in line for a seat. Happy eating
"Very friendly staff making it an ideal place for breakfast. Wether or not you just got off the last shift or having brunch with family or friends, this place has amazing drinks and great food. The Benedict choices are phenomenal and worth coming back to try them all."
"YUM.

When my fiance and I visited Denver, it seemed like the only breakfast place anyone was talking about was Snooze.  Then we found out they were opening one up in Phoenix.  We were VERY excited to try this place.

This is an outstanding breakfast restaurant.  Service is terrific.  The manager even threw in an extra pancake because he had to sit us at a table for 2, instead of at a bigger table.  

The food is amazing.  I had the pancake flight and it was sooooo good!
I recommend the pineapple upside down pancake hands-down.

Plus, they have a ping pong table.  AWESOME.

The only thing that isn't great is the wait.  On the weekend you have to be very lucky to avoid an hour wait.  They don't do any call-aheads or anything like that, so I would say just wait until you can go during the week to avoid the craziness.

ENJOY!"
The OMG French Toast was OMG! Great service. Staff was attentive and knowledgeable. Definitely one of my top 5 breakfast/brunch experiences!
My daughter loves going here and the food and staff are great! I'm glad that Snooze finally made its way to Tukee!
"Absolutely love this place.  Worth the wait.  Love that they text you when they are ready to seat you.  Have eaten there twice recently with friends and they all raved about it as well.  My favorite so far is an omelette with chorizo, spinach, and barbacoa.  So good."
"I blame snooze for making every meal I ate after theirs seem  ho hum. The flavor of the meal was amazing as was the service, thanks for a great meal. I had the Benny goodman and a traditional eggs Benedict. We are going to bookend our trip with another bite from the ""snooze"" before flying back to Sitka, Alaska."
"Everything I've tried is super delish. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Plan to wait in line for a table, even during odd hours."
Where to begin... delicious food and outstanding customer service... I had their huevos rancheros and chocolate pancakes which are out of this world chocolate piece of heaven (trust me if you love chocolate you must get them)
"I finally made it over here to get my Snooze on and was truly surprised. I figured a simple breakfast burro was be a good choice to not get burned by and instead, was wowed by its complexity and flavor! Great green chili sauce and crunchy onion atop black beans n scrambled egg. A bit too much hash for my liking which is very common with this style of breakfast meal. I added avocado and was glad I did. This thing is a beast (huge) yet I was almost able to finish it! Jack and Nichole were an awesome part of the service team! They took time to explain why Snooze isn't like all the rest. Their ""we believe in our product"" vibe and the fact that they asked me to ""please come back again"" made me feel even better about supporting this Denver based establishment. I'll be back for sure!!"
"Snooze is great! The wait times can be a little excessive and they've been a little inconsistent at times, but the pancakes more than make up for it."
"I'll give Snooze 3.5 stars, the food is good, the service was good, the ambiance was GREAT. Would recommend and go again if I came back to Phx."
Best eggs Bennies choices and flavors I have found. Great service great breakfast get here early. Always make it a stop in Arizona.
I was very excited about this opening as i've been to their Denver location a few times. It did not dissapoint! We went on opening day and the food and service we great! I'm fairly picky so I stuck with the plain'ol and it was perfect! My friends swear by their more adventurous pancakes so if you're into experimenting i've heard they're delicious.
"Been here twice so far and waited 40 minutes the first time and 75 minutes the second. I guess this is a true sign of how delicious the place is... Especially since I didn't even mind. There is plenty to do in the shopping center to keep you busy but plan on waiting on the weekends!

Their various egg Benedict options are delicious especially since there are 3 different hollandaise sauces to choose from - cream cheese, cheddar and Dijon! The pancakes are very yummy so get a flight so you can try three! I recommend the sweet potato, pineapple upside down cake and blueberry Danish. I am not a sweet breakfast person but these were too good to pass up!"
i fucking love this place!!! it is a foodgasm in your mouth!! bloodies are to die for. hollandaise is sent straight from the gods  i love you guys
All hail the new king!  King of breakfast sandwiches that is - the Sam I Am!  This awesome pretzel roll of love just told any other ordinary breakfast sandwich to beat it!  The sausage on this beauty has just enough kick to keep the taste buds interested!  The flavor combo is what every AM needs. Bow down breakfast sandwiches!
"What a Gem!  Welcome to Phoenix Snooze!!

I have been hearing about this place for years from my sister who goes to the Denver location whenever she is there.  Once we found out it was here in Phoenix we were ready to go!  I went with her suggestion and ordered a pancake flight.  This is a genius idea and gives you your choice of 3 pancakes of your choosing.  I had their pineapple upside down, apricot buttermilk and a BanaNutella.  They were absolutely fabulous!  I know we are all trying to cut back or avoid carbs these days but this is definitely worth the splurge!  If it makes you feel better, go hike a mountain first then get some delicious pancakes!! I will be back for sure!"
"It took a while to be seated, which I understand, however, once I was seated, I could hardly get my waitress to come to my table, everything I got was warm my water, my apple juice, a mimosa I had to constantly ask for a cup of ice for everything, and didn't receive it. I went by recommendation of food and got the corn beef hash I ask for over easy eggs in got hard fried I personally didn't like the recommended food but my friends food was great"
"Breakfast the most important meal of the day...but also your start of the day. With all that is hectic in life with work and everything going on in this town one would want a good breakfast experience. 

Upon arrival for a late breakfast I walked in just before 2 groups who were being sat by the hostess. The hostess being busy did not greet me and the mod came and greeted me and got me sat. I chose to sit at the breakfast bar which had to be cleaned. The manager told me someone would be with me soon... nearly 15 minutes later a server finally came over to take my drink order. By then I already knew what i wanted to eat and drink. I ordered both at the same time since who knows how long it would be if I order the two separate. At this time if the waitress had not come by I was mere seconds from walking out. Being that I also work in the same type of industry I understand and would wait but this was pretty long wait. 

After ordering, a few minutes later the server arrived with my coffee and water. I had ordered the breakfast pot pie with scrambled eggs. This is the same thing I order every time I come to Snooze, here and in San Diego. I waited close to 30 min for my order... during this time no visit from the server or anyone to say anything about the order taking so long. Again mere seconds from walking and some guy brings my order. At this point my short quick breakfast was nearing 45 minutes and I was survived by the sugar and caffeine from my coffee. I was so hungry that as I dove face first violently into the hash brown hockey puck I noticed that my egg was not scrambled but was over medium. Not just that it was a mistake over medium but a perfectly cooked to order over medium egg, now that is great if you like it that way but I'm very particular to how I like my eggs and I like them scrambled. Had we been at the point where I didn't wait forever for my food that I would have asked for them made over, but I have the rest of my day to get started. In a hungry starvation induced fit of rage I finished most of the hash brown to notice that there was a great portion of it being al dente. Which would have been great if it was pasta but potatoes... 

Life was great, I met some awesome people this year and made some great memories... then I walked into snooze. I know we all have that one bad day, the day where everything goes wrong. This was that day for snooze, we crashed today... and you almost took me down with you. Well let's just say that I will be giving this location a break for a long time. I recommended so many people to this place and now I'm regretting it as I hope that they didn't get the same experience as I have. Well next time I go for breakfast maybe i'll go to Denny's instead."
"I've eaten at Snooze in Denver. And it was great! I was somewhat disappointed in Snooze in Scottsdale. 

I got there slightly after they opened. Server had no idea what the pancake of the day was. I ordered the flight of pancakes and they were good to really good. 

I also ordered iced coffee.- Watered down hot coffee. I requested a second glasses of it--it was good. It took a while too get it, place was not busy at all.. Each glass was $2.50. For $5 for coffee, I want actual iced coffee, not watered down and I want it expeditiously. Yeah, over $2.50, I get the right to be a bitch.  

I'll go back. I won't order coffee. I'm cheap and thirsty. I'll order something other than pancakes.  They're good, bit not so sure worth the calories."
"This place is nicely decorated, layout is nice, and its not dark inside. They have a ping pong table setup outside as well. I thought that was pretty cool. 

Food was flavorful! Everything we chose was surprisingly good! Presentation was also nice! I wish menus would have pictures though. I would give me an easier time to choose what i want to eat.

Servers were welcoming, helpful, and very attentive. There was so many servers so i dont think service would be a problem. 

The place was alil loud, but what do you expect when its a yummy place to eat. 

I gave five stars cuz i had no complaints at all."
"The food is very good here! That's not the problem. Their service is all over the place. During our breakfast we had no less than 4 people coming by dropping stuff off. Not necessarily the worst thing but it comes off impersonal. Maybe that's just their way. My Eggs Benedict was not correct so they took my plate away then removed the wrong Bennie and brought back my original plate so I could eat what was left. Later, they brought the replacement Benedict on a separate plate after I was pretty much finished with my meal. Again, not the worse thing but they should have just re-fired the whole plate. Sort-of cheesy. The last thing that concerns me about Snooze is the noise level! This place is loud!! Like 98-100db loud (sound App) . That's the same as a jet plane or a chainsaw. If we hadn't already ordered our food we would have left. I looked up what it says about these noise levels and the employees should only have about 2-4 hours exposure max. My ears were ringing after we left. If you want a nice quiet breakfast forget about Snooze. Foods great but there is a slight downside. At least for us."
"Love this place for the food, the atmosphere, and the service.

Went in hungry for a traditional breakfast, but bailed on that nonsense in a hurry. They have a bunch of different egg benedict dishes and crazy pancake combinations that we just couldn't resist. We tried a pancake flight with the sweet potato, blueberry danish, and the swamp monster (Pancake of the Day). Then we did a combo order of the chilaquile and havana benedicts. I haven't eaten this much food in a long time, and it was all fantastic.

Elise was our server, and took just superb care of us, including answering my usual string of stupid questions about a new place and its food. Apparently the little ""sparkles"" that decorate everything there are called a ""compass"" and each letter stands for a different thing. 

Even the mugs and flatware are quirky, and we loved it all. We will definitely be back when we finish digesting the breakfast we ate this morning... so maybe three months or so. Ooof!"
It's ok.  So many good brunch places in Phoenix. I won't be back. Long wait yet tables were always empty. Take to long to seat. My French toast was not that great. Maybe someone else will have better luck.
"So my mom and my sister and I are visiting my other sister who now lives here, and our sister loves this spot so she brought us here directly after she picked us from the airport. She's been raving about how this is her favorite breakfast place and said we have to eat here. I have to say, this place definitely didn't disappoint and now i know why she eats here constantly. We had Aily as our server... OMGGGG she is the sweetest!!!!! She catered to us from beginning to end and even brought us a complimentary pineapple upside down pancake because she heard us debating back and forth about whether we should order it, because all the food options looked so good that we couldn't decide. Definitely delicious! We forgot to take pics of our food because we legit devoured it when It touched our table... THE FOOD WAS SOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS! so we're here for a week, and we already decided we want to have breakfast here a few more times before we leave... with Aily as our waitress! The entire staff was incredibly accommodating and we didn't have reservations but they sat us outside as we asked in 4 minutes. Speedy, friendly, service and amazing food. HIGHLY RECOMMEND EVERYONE READING THIS TO EAT HERE! 

With love from Philly"
"Snooze is the best place to go for a delicious breakfast with healthy options. The vibe is fun and this particular location was the nicest snooze I've been to. They had the windows open all around the restaurant which was perfect the morning we visited.  We arrived and were told we'd have to wait 20minutes. We asked to wait at the bar so we could rehydrate after a late evening exploring the Pheonix night life. The hostesses were kind and said we could hang out on the side without a problem. Our service at the bar was excellent too. Each server came over to us to ensure that we had ordered. I got the sweet and spicy chai teas blended together after a recommendation from our server. It was delicious and helped hold me over until my meal. My husband got some tea and was happy that it was loose leaf. 

We were sat 20 minutes later and ordered. I had my go-to, the upper east sider which is spinach, artesian bread, smoked salmon, goat cheese with herbs and capers with sun dried tomatoes. It was delicious. My husband got a build your own omelette with green chillies on top. His was also really tasty and he was very happy with his selection. We did share the peanut butter and chocolate chip pancake which we didn't really care for. The cinnamon bun one is what we usually go with and regretted not getting it this time. Fortunately we had another chance the next morning to make up for it. Great spot and great service are always consistent here!"
"I went here and had the three different pancakes, chocolate and peanut butter, sweet potato and strawberry. I would go back for the sweet potato pancake, the other two I didn't really care for. I also had bacon, which was okay, I mean I don't think anybody could get bacon wrong. Overall, it was a cool place, busy. Planning on taking my friend up there, when she comes to town."
"Busy breakfast spot with lots of creative and yummy sounding choices from eggs Benedict to breakfast sandwiches, French toast and pancakes. It's a bright and cheery interior with lots of booths and after 8 am a crowd of people waiting.

We sat at the counter which was nice and enjoyed the almost fresh squeezed OJ while we waited for our food. I tried the cinnamon roll pancake (sweet concoction of crunchy pecans and caramel topping a large fluffy pancake) that was very good and my wife had the breakfast sandwich which came with crunch hash browns and was more than she could eat.  I'd definitely go back - especially if I'm up early."
"Love the ambience here. Had the Benny Duo and decided on the Bella! Bella! Benny and the Benny Goodman, which were both delicious. A little on the warm side I thought; maybe wanted to be a little warmer, but tasty nevertheless!

I can't visit a breakfast spot without trying a pancake of theirs. I did the blueberry danish joint and it was a little overwhelming at first site, but not too crazy on the palate. Sweet, too! (Unless you don't like sweet and then I'd say go for something else.)

I'll come back for sure."
Long wait and good food. I would go back. The menu was very interesting and not just traditional breakfast fare.
"I've only been here a few times. The first time I didn't have the greatest experience.  My friend's food came out first and 10 minutes later mine came out. We just had water for drinks but it was only refilled once (which was right when he brought our check). I had the Huevos Rancheros, nothing too special about it. 

I was also just here today. Much better experience. My server (who also had someone training with her) did an EXCELLENT job. She was prompt with refills of coffee and water. I had the B.E.A.T. Sandwich with avocado and my husband had 3 scrambled eggs with churizo and onions. Service wise, I'd give this a 5-star rating. 

Overall, the food was fine, nothing to rave about, which is why I gave this a 3-star rating. It's a very busy place and so expect a little bit of a wait. I'd say give this place a try to see for yourself if you like it or not."
"It was so nice to have breakfast in Phoenix and not have to wait an hour for a table!  Perhaps there will be a wait once this joint is fully discovered.  Maybe I shouldn't be leaving a review?  Whatever.

I had the Chilaquiles Benedict... so good.  I literally could have licked the plate.

I almost had to take it down to four stars because the waitress was a little TOO attentive.  Then I kinda wondered if that was such a bad thing.  In a day and age when you are lucky if the server would even spit on you if you were on fire, the over-server wins.  That and the place was totally adorable inside.

Oh!  If you aren't a fan of tables with chairs, this place is all booths.

You'll love it.  Go.  Eat.  Be the chubby kid on the playground!"
What a fun place. Food was awesome! I had the BEAT Sammie. Delicious! The others in the group had pancakes and tacos also awesome. Didn't have a cocktail but they also looked amazing.  Service was a bit slow but overall great place.
"We brunch monthly and have attempted to go to Snooze more than once. We finally decided breakfast instead of brunch this weekend and it was WELL worth the wait. 
We got there at 9am on a Sunday and still had about a 30 minute wait, however, they send you a text when your table is ready - so you are able to actually leave the premises.
The inside is soooooooo freaking adorable, and everyone we encountered was very friendly.  About 10 minutes after we place our order our server arrived with a complimentary Nutella Banana Pancake that was huge and for our table to share.  She just showed up with it! One of our brunchers is 7 months pregnant, and you would have thought she won the lottery.  I'm not a sweet breakfast person, but this was honestly delish.

Everyone enjoyed their meals, the prices are beyond reasonable, and we all decided we need to make this a regular outing on top of our weekly brunches. 

OH and I love that they have so many vegetarian options.  Honestly - so happy they opened in PHX and are just around the corner from my home."
"Nice patio, very relaxed atmosphere. 
Get there early to not have to wait. But if you do wait, it's worth it. 
Good food and great service."
"Whoa... This place was a 180 from my last few visits. I had raved to friends as the best place in Phoenix for brunch, especially with all the very rare vegetarian options. I went for the sweet potato pancake, which is usually a semi sweet puffy heavenly plate of happiness. This time, they messed up and put the caramel on and had to take it back... About 10 minutes after everyone has cleaned their plates I got mine. I would've canceled it if we had been checked on more. The worst pancake arrived... A flat, sad regular pancake with chunks of sweet  potato. This was NOTHING like it has been in the past, I had two bites. The soyrizo was also horrible.. A mushy patty? The server knew that the food was bad as well as the service and apologized, but didn't offer to comp any of our uneaten food. Womp. The iced coffee is also not good, tastes like 5% coffee the rest water. It's weird because they even have a brochure about their special coffee. Anyways, I might be back because it used to be so good but definitely with low expectations. Snooze, what happened!?"
Definitely gets crowded on Sunday morning. Get there early and you'll be happy. We did a flight of pancakes and French toast which isn't explicitly on the menu. Really good.
"I been to the one in San Diego, but the quality is a huge difference. 

Ambience: non existence....it is equivalent to Denny's.

Service: waitress is extremely nice, but waiting for the food was ridiculous.  Took almost an hour for food to come out but they forgot some of the ingredients on our order which took another 30 minutes to make

Food: how should I say this in a nice way...I can t... Because the wait was so long that everything seems bad."
Service is amazing and they are really nice about substitutions. I try to eat vegan and they made me and amazing veggie sandwich and even brought out the bacon on the side for my friends to enjoy! My only complaint is it's so crowded and has a notorious wait. Luckily they're a a Rack next door. Not bad for them though! Thanks guys and see you again soon.
"You can't hit the snooze button on a Saturday if you want to avoid a lengthy wait. As long as we arrive early in the morning, I'm all about this place. The service is great, the coffee flows freely, and the food is on point. Because carbs run the world, I usually go with the spuds deluxe. One day, I hope to venture out and try something new. Cute patio when the weather is nice."
"The location is central-ish. There's plenty of parking & shopping nearby. The restaurant itself is average. It's trying to be ~hip & people are responding- there was a 20 min wait at 10 am on a Tuesday. Although their menu was promising, the food was just alright. Coffee was weak. Pancakes were undercooked. The service was friendly but I won't be coming here again."
The Sandwhich I Am is amazing! Hash browns are addicting! Get the pancake flight. Great service and awesome decor. This is a HUGE plus for our neighborhood. Will continue to go back
"Oh my gosh. My aunt and I were here during the Mama's Makers Market on May 12. We had tried to eat here before but the wait time was always long. We got lucky and were able to sit outside rather quickly. The service is amazing, the atmosphere was great! I got the Ham Benedict and my aunt got the Frittata. Both were served in a timely manner despite them being busy, and the food was phenomenal. My eggs Benedict was amazing and my aunt said her Frittata was great! I will definitely be back to try more things on the menu."
"Two words: Da Bomb.
Food: incredible! I had the corned beef hash, eggs, and flour tortillas  with a half order of French toast. Amazing! The hash was made with REAL corned beef. Not totally the canned salty stuff. It was cooked to perfection. 
Service: totally awesome. Not one discrepancy from any of the folks working there. Truly a happy crew that pulls as a team. Loved the place. Will definitely return again and again."
"Ummm.. Worth the wait is all I can say. 

Positives: 
This old fashioned diner style place is adorable. I was wondering why the wait was so long.. But soon figured it out after my first bite. Wow! It is a fun place to go when you have the time.  Both the savory and sweet dishes are amazing.  I preferred mine, the eggs Benedict to the pancakes but those were also crazy good. I recommend ordering a side of bacon as it was delicious. 

Negatives:
Don't go here if you're in a rush. You will certainly have to wait your turn"
"Just love it here! Because of the long wait times, we order ahead and pick up for breakfast at work. 
The breakfast burrito is on point, but a word of caution, ask for it to be easy on the black beans...& we love to add bacon!"
"This is one of my favorite brunch chains! I tried it out in Denver and LOVED it and was so pleasantly surprised they had a location in PHX (now just make your way east towards CHI, snooze! ;)). 

EVERY SINGLE FOOD ITEM AND DRINK ITEM WE ORDERED WAS DELISH. My only complaint was the people next to me got something on the house for literally no reason. lol."
"Came here for the first time the other day and ordered the French Toast Neat. It was absolutely sensational! The whipped mascarpone cream really sealed the deal for me here, complimenting the Vermont syrup beautifully! Service was fast, early on a Thursday morning. I've driven by here several times on the weekend and each time the wait is crazy! I'm glad I finally got the chance to come in here though!"
It's weird that you have to check in even for the bar....but it's helpful because it's so popular that it's hard even to get a bar seat. So far everyone has a great attitude and ate very friendly. Very tasty mimosa's. ..cheers!
Disappointed with some of the dishes but the B.E.A.T sandwich was REALLY good. This place kick's IHOP in the butt but I expected more based on the street talk.
"What a great place. We had 11 in our party and everyone loved their food. They have lots of unique menu items and all are worth trying. Our families favorite breakfast place, too bad it is 2000 miles away."
"Super disappointed!!!!  The first time I came here loved it.  Today I tried the Reuben with a side of black beans.  Omg!!!  Terrible!!!  The only thing good was the pretzel bread.  Meat was very dry and not the portion I imagined for the price.  The worst thing were the black beans!!!!  Looked like crap, lukewarm and had a terrible flavor.  The server didn't even notice that I didn't eat it and didn't asked if there was a problem.  I don't like paying $10 for a subpar sandwich.  Sucks!!!  I was really hoping to have the same experience I had the first time I came.  Lesson learned!!!  Not worth the wait or the money!!!  Damn!!! (Gordon Ramsey voice)

What a waste of $30!!!"
"I had SO much trouble picking what to order. I ended up with the winter greens salad and added an egg on top. Super tasty! Even though they seemed packed, the wait wasn't very long, and the service was good."
"We decided to give Snooze a try this past Saturday.  I went prepared for an hour plus wait and was pleasantly surprised to find out the wait was only 15 to 20 minutes. We put our name in and they texted us about 15 minutes later.  On time...great!  We immediately go to the hostess stand and were told our table was being bused and to wait off to the side.  Um...ok...  Ten more minutes go by so I went back up to the hostess stand to see what was going on.  She said that I was going to be seated any minute.  I look at my phone and they had texted me again despite me standing in the exact same place the entire time.  Weird.  Anyway, we are finally seated.  

I order a diet coke and the waitress brings me a coke.  No big deal.  I tell her and she brings me a new drink and takes our order.  In the meantime, apparently Snooze VIPs are seated next to us as the manager spent several minutes talking to them and they were even given a free pancake.  Nice.  Good for them.  Not so nice is when they get their food before us even though we were seated ten minutes earlier.  A half hour goes by....still no food. Our waitress says it will be out ""any minute"".  More people that were seated after us are getting food and some of them are even done eating by the time ours finally comes out.  I ordered the French toast, which was good but not great.  It was two slices of wonder bread with a strawberry or two on top.  My fiancé got a bowl of hash browns with some cheese on top.  I can't remember what they called it on the menu.  I guess the food was good enough that I would go back if the experience was better.  At this point it's not worth it for me.  We live less than a mile from Snooze and love to go out to breakfast.  Despite the convenient location, I don't think we will be back."
This place is the bomb and and the service is also the bomb! Snooze is the best breakfast place to go in Phoenix!
"Disappointed. While a cute place (branding and decor), this restaurant should have spent a little more time and money on training their wait staff on efficiency and service. After being seated it was 15 minutes before our server greeted us and once he greeted us took our drink order & food order - that was the last time we saw him until it was time to pay the check (which came LONG after we were finished with our meal). No checking in, no refilling of beverages...bum deal.

The food - eh. Ordered the Reuben & Sweet potato pancakes. Ruben was cold, dry, and really lacked in flavor, the pretzel bun was just ....overwhelming. Pancakes were surprisingly flavorless - this was really a drag as we were so looking forward to them. 

Summary: 1st and last visit complete for this place."
I have only been to this fabulous establishment twice and I love the service and the food !! I have to give a shout out to my wonderful hostess Heather .. she was very attentive and super sweet !! This is why I will return to this great place ..
"So far, two brunches here. And I look forward to adding to that number!

Visit one - with a pescatarian girlfriend. 

We each had a coffee (tasty blend - good roast - FRESH!) and started by splitting the pancake of the day. I really don't remember what was in/on it...but it was divine. My friend claimed it was the best pancake of her life - and she's a pancake fiend! There were a couple of the benedicts that were jumping out at both of us - so we decided to split two of them. Turns out - Snooze is happy to split up the benedicts for anyone at anytime - so we didn't even have to agree on the two to share. Since there is so much goodness in each - I am just copying the details from the menu on the ones we had:

""Late Harvest Benny - Wilted Swiss chard, fennel and leeks served atop goat cheese and herb polenta cakes with poached Niman Ranch eggs, cream cheese hollandaise and toasted pine nut crumb."" and ""Upstream Benny - Honey Smoked Salmon tossed with cucumber and corn salsa and served over jalapeno-cream cheese spoonbread, topped with poached Niman Ranch eggs and cream cheese hollandaise"" They were both absolutely phenomenal!

Visit two - with a male friend notorious for his appetite and food snobbery.

Since it worked so well the first time - I suggested we split the pancake of the day. Again - no memory of the crack they addled it with - but I could not stop - and I want to go back and get the daily pancake every day!
I opted for the breakfast pot pie, and he had the sweet potato pancakes.
Both were great - the puff pastry on the breakfast pot pie was absolutely perfectly executed. The pancakes weren't overly sweet - and the bits of ginger really made the dish shine!

There was a 20-30 minute wait each time - and both visits were intentionally planned to be around the ""slower"" times. I truly dislike waiting for a table - but Snooze, you make it so worth it!

See you soon!"
"I love breakfast and I think Snooze does a decent job. But only when I go in. When I call ahead, 50% of the time my order is incorrect. It's small things like forgetting cheese in my scramble or my extra hollandaise, but these kind of things add up. The food is consistently good, though the hash browns are sometimes a bit undercooked. It's good, but try some other breakfast places before you make up your mind to wait an hour."
"Snooze!!! What a fantastic place. Well worth the wait. Have been twice in the last three days. OMG French Toast is very well named. This morning tried the Pineapple Upside Down Pancake, Carrot Cake Pancake, Sweet Potato Pancake & Chocolate Pancake with Oats and White Chocolate chips. I CAN'T choose a favorite! The food rocks and the service is top notch. My new favorite place!"
"Loved this breakfast place, great staff, service and food.  I love eggs Benedict and love the multiple types available on the menu here. I had to Yelp search for this chain in Orange,  Los Angeles & San Diego counties and glad to find them in two.  One located on Tustin and the other in Hillcrest area (San Diego).  Excited to try them out locally."
One if the best breakfast place you'll find in any city.. I've been to the I've Diego and in Phoenix. I recommend it to all my friends and they have never been disappointed. The OMG French toast and the pineapple upside down pancake is the bomb... PLUS... They have good coffee!!!
"Love this place! My husband and I went to the one in Boulder back in October and couldn't wait for this one at the Town and Country shopping center to open. 

Being a vegan, I loved that they had options to make my breakfast without meat/dairy. While my husband loved that he could have whatever his meatlover heart desired. I have had the tofu scramble with the soyrizo which is delicious! My husband loves the sausage. The pancake of the day when we were there the first time was a sticky bun pancake, we ordered one for the table as dessert and I had a couple bites, it was heaven! 

There is usually a wait, even during the week. But they will text you when your table is ready and you can go shopping at Nordstrom Rack right next door or take advantage of the games they have on their patio. They also have Bloody Mary's and mimosas, and great coffee. I know I'll be back! I love a good breakfast spot!"
"Everything about Snooze is fantastic. My 10-year-old is super-picky and even he said his blueberry pancake was ""very, very delicious."" They served fresh-squeezed apple cider with his kid's meal! My chilaquile Benedict was amazing, but even better was the fact that you can mix and match! So, I had half chilaquile and half Havana Benny- best breakfast ever! We don't eat meat, but they offer substitutes and the waitress suggested avocado with the Havana Benny- great combination! There are just so many wonderful choices on the menu- it is tough to decide! Phoenix, you are so fortunate to have a Snooze!"
"Waited less than 10 minutes at 8:45 am on a Saturday for a table outside (had the dog with us). Waitlist sends you a quick text when the table is ready - and the text includes a link to the menu. Nice touch. We were quickly served - had tofu scramble, wife had breakfast burrito and soy latte. Food was great. Service was attentive yet unobtrusive. Prices were more than fair for the quality of food served. They have doggie bowls for water if you're there with Fido.

Will definitely return again. Tip from the waitstaff: Arrive well before 9 am on the weekends as it tends to get extremely busy 10:15 am onwards on the weekends. Not a problem for us at all."
Tasty!! Tried the lemon poppyseed pancakes which were great and had to get my fave- the burrito!
"Short and sweet. I never understood breakfast until I ate here. Corned beef hash, eggs over medium with the most amazing sweet potato pancake (tender, buttermilky, cakey) and caramel syrup (sauce?) I have EVER eaten. Usually I'm more likely to tune in to the corned beef hash (this was crispy, just the way I like it but I would personally like my peppers a little hotter) but that pancake? Oh my! I will be back... and not share. Get your own, honey. Oh yeah! He got the Eggs Benedict, didn't share so I assume that was pretty darned good too.

Go. Wait, don't go. The line is already crazy. But you will be rewarded."
"Absolutely love this place! The food is delicious, staff is super friendly and helpful, pancakes are phenomenal, so glad this place is here in AZ!"
"Picked up a breakfast order the other morning and the hostess who helped me was phenomenal. I've gone to many many restaurants and have 6 years of working in the industry, and she was one of the best hostesses I've seen. She was polite, kind, had a great attitude, treated customers great, was helpful, even gave me recommendations in such a fantastic way it made me want to come back specifically for what she said and described. She is younger, short hair and glasses. Will be coming back to dine IN, specifically due to her fantastic service. Excited this restaurant is in our neighborhood!"
"Fantastic breakfast restaurant. It makes places like ""The Good Egg"" and ""The Eggery"" seem like fast food joints. I recommend trying it during the week because I hear it's near impossible to get in there on weekends.

The hostess was friendly. The waiter was fantastic. The food was incredible. I had Juan's Breakfast tacos with chicken sausage. When the food was presented, it looked like a 5-star chef's work - visually very pleasing - and it tasted even better. Our service was great - our waters, teas and coffees never seemed to get less than half full before refills were on the way.

I've lived in Phoenix most of my life, and this is by far the best find for a great breakfast experience."
"You would be stupid to not eat here! Wait times are long, very long at times, but worth the wait! Enjoy some free coffee or hit the rack while you wait! My favorite breakfast spot!"
The best breakfast I've ever had. Everything is cooked to perfection and there is a great vibe and sense of team within the restaurant and it's service. Anytime I have company I take them here for delicious food and bloody Mary's or mimosas that are to die for. I would recommend this place to anyone and I can't wait for them to expand because I don't think I'll ever get enough of this place. Some of my favorites are the pot pie and Juan's tacos. I always add barbacoa and avacado to the tacos and ask for a side of the green chilli sauce. Also the OMG French toast is out if this world I always have to get a half order no matter how full I am. You can customize any order just how you want it without the servers being frustrated. It is actually encouraged and believe me anything is possible as long as your not in there when they are slammed. I've had them make me pancakes that have never been on the menu and it was hands down the best pancake of my life. The only reason this place has 4 start is because of the wait time. This place is worth the wait and if it wasn't great quality they wouldn't have 1-2 hour waits on the weekends. If you don't like that then go during the week or later in the day because that is the one thing they cannot control. I would also recommend sitting at the bar. You get great service no matter who is behind the bar and every barista that has taken care if me has been extremely personable which ices the cake for my personal experience.
"OMG! Where do I begin.....I have passed by this restaurant at least a gazillion times. Normally during the weekend this place has a line outside the door, so that in and of itself made me even more curious. 

Finally, today I made my way for a visit. The place was upbeat, the wait staff was awesome and accommodating. The eatery was tidy and bright. 

I ordered the AMAZING pineapple upside down pancake  with hash browns and bacon. I am so glad that I only ordered one pancake because I barely finished my meal. All of it was absolutely delicious. The orange juice even tasted freshly squeezed. 

I cannot wait until my next visit to try some other options. I now also understand the name Snooze.....it is exactly what you will want to do after finishing up a meal there. The best breakfast/brunch spot I have encountered in a looooooong time!

I'm certainly a certified fan now!!!! Try it people you won't regret the decision."
"This place is so cool.  We were visiting Phoenix for a graduation and found Snooze on Yelp.  The first time we went for brunch, we had the breakfast tacos, the Sandwich I Am, the Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes, and the Breakfast Tacos.  No One had a bad thing to say about any of these choices.  We all enjoyed our food, the service was great, and the atmosphere more than cool.    The second day we came (yes....two in a row), we came with different family members.  Choices included the Sandwich I Am, the Breakfast Tacos, the Breakfast Burrito, the OMG! French Toast, the Spring Salmon Cobb salad, and the tomato soup and grilled cheese.  Again, everyone enjoyed their choices and reviews were rave.  When in town, we will be back.  Kudos to servers Joe and Drey. They were both awesome, attentive, and did a great job."
"Three words: Are you joking?! So, so good. Menu is decent, staff is professional, knowledgable and very friendly. 
The food was delectable. I am very picky and almost always send food back. I tasted everything and it was all on point. 
Only suggestion is to turn the music down and switch up the play list. 
Drinks were fresh and yummy."
"Delicious food.Great service. Excellent music playing in background.  We tried 3 different benedicts, all were perfection. Pancakes are rich and sweet...perfect for sharing one order among a table. Eclectic morning drinks helped start our vacation in style.  Server Olivia is 5 star....Attentive,  genuine, and great smile which she generously shares."
"The hype is real! Breakfast was packed on a Friday morning at 9am. I took a seat at the bar so I could get my food right away. Great service!

I ordered their version of French toast. I was told that it was more on a sweet side with the vanilla creme. This French toast really was OMG! So good! It was sweet but I enjoyed every single bite. I also got a side of egg and bacon. The bacon want over cooked or undercooked. It was a thicker cut and so much flavor! Sunny side egg was perfectly cooked as well. Perfect combo to the OMG French toast 

Great breakfast! Great service! 5/5"
"The eggs Benedict are really good and the best part is you can choose two kinds and get half and half!! 

The wait can be long but it's worth it!"
"The only thing that I could eat every day for a week is the ""pancake flight"" the pancakes are to die for and the choices of toppings are really well done. If you're a French toast fanatic they also have you covered. This is not your usual eggs and hash brown diner this is a legit breakfast joint and the best scratch pancakes and waffles and French toast I've ever had. I can't wait for the Gilbert location to open near my house!"
"Snooze is an apt name for this. Underwhelmed to say the least. My food was cold, as was my boyfriend's. When I brought this to the server's attention, she attempted to suggest my food was cold due to the hollandaise sauce on my poached eggs, explaining  the sauce should be cold. Nice try but the entire plate of food was cold. And in terms of flavor and distinction, everything was bland. Though my food was replaced with warmer food, no one bothered to deduct the cost. It seems the restaurant spends a lot of energy on appearance and marketing but more energy needs to be spent on timely delivery of warm food that lives up to the hype--particularly when a breakfast tab runs nearly $50 for two people. And the noise is this place is deafening!! Forget about having a conversation. Horrible acoustics made worse by music that is set on the loudest level, to, apparently, cover up the noise of the crowd. Wouldn't return. Go to Matt's Big Breakfast instead."
"Food was outstanding and the service was good.  Definitely not your local First Watch.  Some great menu selections.  The breakfast tacos we off the hook.   
Yummy Yummy!!"
"Came here on a Saturday with my mom and toddler son. Went in for breakfast around 7:30 am after looking on Yelp for places to have breakfast in the Biltmore area. To our surprise, there was no wait. We were seated immediately in a comfy round booth. Ordered the breakfast burrito with the ranchero sauce no meat. It's been over 24 hours and i am still thinking about my burrito. My mom had the huevos rancheros, she loved her dish as well. My son had the kids blueberry pancake. And we ordered an extra buttermilk pancake plus two coffees- $50 after tip. Which for me is pretty expensive for breakfast. But the food was good. Service could have been better as I had to flag down other servers for more ranchero sauce, napkins, refills, etc. overall had a good experience, but is a bit on the overpriced side for breakfast."
"Good coffee, great food, even better service!! I recommend sitting at the breakfast bar. Get the eggs benedict, because that is living, my friends."
Amazing food and service! Angela was very attentive and knowledgeable. The food was delicious and I highly recommend.
"First time finally trying this place out.  I've been here 4 times but it is always too busy to get a seat without waiting 1-2 hours.  This time we came at 730am on a Sunday which was the perfect time since dining room was half full and patio is empty.  The menu is eclectic and different from any other breakfast place.  They have a list of hollandaise concoctions, breakfast tacos that are to die for, many different pancake options and the typical breakfast fare such as omelettes, eggs etc.  the service was fast and super friendly.  We had 3 different servers talk to us and make sure we were taken care of.  We will definitely be coming back and if there is a wait, it is indeed worth waiting.  Until next time."
Great place for a very tasty but unique breakfast.  I enjoyed it thoroughly!
"Hands down my favorite go to breakfast spot!
NEED I say more! The place is always full of smiling guest and staff! The Ambience and atmosphere although is joyful. I've been here a few times and i can't say I ever seen an out of order or dirty establishment. If you go the this location you won't receive bad customer service or cold food. I'd recommend this place to anyone check out the pics. Mouthwatering!"
Only have to day that the beat sandwich is one of my favorites! I also tried the drunken monkey french toast!! I am a big french toast fan and it is by far one of the best I have had in a while... perfect place to start your day!!
"I came here a few weeks ago with a friend. I loved it, and when I love a food place, I bring other friends. With another friend, I returned today. She was irate with me because, in her words, ""this is the *best* food I've eaten in 4 months"". 

I can't believe I'm saying this because I love their food so much, but it's even more delicious than Butters/Butterfields. Who thought that could be possible? 

Both times, my friend and I have shared the following: Juan's Tacos, the option to order (2)  1/2 orders of Egg Benedict (the name of it isn't coming to mind), and the Pancake Flight. The Pancake Flight lets you sample any 3 of their fancy schmancy pancakes. 

My favorite really is the Juan's Tacos; they're probably the best tacos I've eaten some I moved to Phoenix 10 yrs ago. You get 3 opened faced tacos on soft tortillas(ask them for the Cholula sauce). It comes with a grilled jalapeño pepper, and this hash brown ""muffin"". It's a hash brown that's about 1 in thick, and shaped into a perfect cylinder. The hashbrowns are so good, you'll close your eyes as you're savoring them.

For a place in a posh area like the Biltmore, the prices are incredibly decent; about $9-$12/entree. It's incredibly popular. Today the wait was 45 min. After I put my name down, I heard the hostess tell another person that seating at the bar, and the side of the bar was open...first come first serve. Luckily for us, I was able to snake 2 chairs at the bar. Our wait time was cut in 1/2."
Dropped in here late morning and was pleasantly surprised. We sat outside and ordered breakfast. The service was pleasant and the food was delivered in a very timely fashion. I would defiantly come back to this location.
"I have seen this place many times and was always curious to try it because it always seems to have a line-up on the weekends during brunch time. Now I know why.
This place is strictly breakfast and lunch and they do them both well and it is BUSY. The menu is interesting and the vibe is fun. Servers wear hipster plaid and trucker hats. the menu is fun to read as it is a tad cheeky which I love, but the main reason to try Snooze is the food. Bar none, for the money, this is some of the finest brunch food in Phoenix.
Their Benny's are creative, their breakfast meats have that down-home feel: real sausages, thick cut ham steak, thick bacon strips.
There are plenty of veggie options as well for those not inclined to partake of salty flesh.
The service has always been very good and they seem to manage their line-ups well offering toys and sidewalk chalk to keep the kids busy and free coffee for the adults waiting of tables.
This is the rub and why I'm not giving this place 5 stars: the waiting. Unless you arrive super early or unless it's the middle of summer you will likely have to wait for a table. I'm not the type of person who is willing to wait very long for a table, especially for breakfast. I'm ok to lounge in the bar while waiting for a dinner table, but if all I have on board is some hot water with lemon and an espresso from home, I need to eat NOW! otherwise I end up unreasonable and Hangry.
All 3 times I visited between 10am-noon I have had to wait at least 20min for a table, and once it was more like 40 and that was on a weekday. They will take your name and cel number and send you a text when your table is ready which is a nice technology-forward feature to managing wait times. Feel free to go next door and browse the racks at Nordstrom's while you wait.
Also, once you do get seated, because the food is so well made and nicely presented, it takes longer to hit the table than your usual slop n' drop diner breakfast.
The bottom line is is you are 3 or more in your group and it's between 10am and noon on a weekend and you guys are STARVING, I would go elsewhere. However, if you had a snack at home and are willing to put in the time, their food and service are worth the wait. The servers have the option to ""give them the pickle"" ( Anyone in the biz knows what this means. Google it.) and drop free food items on the table which can be the pancake of the day or some other delectable item to share which can stem the tide of famished glances towards the kitchen and is a nice touch.
This is likely a great place to take the person you hooked up with last night for a first breakfast together, just be sure you have had a piece of fruit or something before you leave the house otherwise you may end up in a hunger-fueled tif on your first venture out together in the light of day.
I usually try to take my out of town gets there for a meal when we have visitors because it is a bit of a Phoenix institution and I always enjoy the nosh! Don't hit snooze too often, get your butt outta bed and get to Snooze!!"
"The service is always amazing! Their food is delicious,  definitely worth the wait. Although the wait for a table is usually long,  once you are seated,  service is prompt,  attentive,  and the food comes fast. This is our favorite breakfast spot."
"So I've stood in line for an hour before to eat at the Denver location of Snooze. I was so excited to learn that they were coming to Phoenix (and appear to be planning on opening another location in the Valley as well). Finally got to go today and was not disappointed!

As others have mentioned, you can get half orders of meals in order to try a couple different things. I think that's pretty amazing in itself. Their pancakes are creative and incredible. Today's pancake of the day was white chocolate cherry and oh my lord, it was sensational. If you order food that isn't pancakes, you can also order a small pancake of your choice to have on the side so as to sample it without ordering a huge one.

The staff was genuine and appreciative of our business. The waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to answer every question we had. She had informed the manager that we had been to the Denver location and the manager came over to welcome us and chat a bit. We felt like VIP's during our very first trip to this location!

I honestly can't recommend this place enough. I missed it so much after moving back from Denver and I can honestly say that I'll be a regular at Snooze. I'm going to bring as many people as I can too. Everyone should experience this place."
"This is my absolute favorite place to have breakfast (besides Cracker Barrel)!!!!!! It has nice decor, service is amazing and the food is just oh so delicious! The cinnamon roll pancake is a MUST try!!! I've never had a pancake that was as good as that one. It literally melts in your mouth! It's so huge that it fills up the entire plate, so you only need to order one. I also love Juan's breakfast tacos. It's everything that I would want in a breakfast taco and I also add bacon to it. I bring everyone here, including my friendds that come to visit Phoenix. Everyone needs to be hooked like me. I must warn you that it does get extremely crowded on the weekends. I usually do take out on Saturdays to avoid the crowds."
"I normally hate sitting at bars or serving counters...but due to lack of availability to seat ""1"" I sat at the bar. Nicole was absolutely amazing. Her wonderful personality and sincere interest in perfecting my morning coffee drink made me feel very comfortable and at ease. She was able to make me feel as though I was her only customer even though the bar seats were all taken. Nicole's interaction with customers is consistent with what I would expect at Snooze! Of course my breakfast was amazing as always!!!"
"My boyfriend told me about snooze being the new place to go and we've been putting off eating here until today. This eatery is DELICIOUS! We came by right after church so about 1 o'clock and it was very busy which we already assumed it would be. The wait was about 15 minutes but we are patient people. We were seated outside on the beautiful patio and our waiter, Jeff, was so helpful and courteous to us. He gave us a recommendation on the food and took care of us the whole time (wasn't too hung over us but didn't ignore our presence either). This place is definitely my boyfriend and I's new place to go after church, they close at 2:30 so definitely take advantage of the time. The food is AMAZING! Some of the best eggs ever and I don't even like eggs that much!! My boyfriend had the Gritz and Shrimp, the gritz taste like southern style gritz which we LOVED! Everything was fantastic!!"
"I had been warned it gets busy so I went early, like 7AM on a Saturday.  By the time I left about 7:45 there were only a few inside tables left.  There is nobody snoozing in the place.  All the employees were cheerful and seeing to it the customers were taken care of.

I had their take on corned beef hash and eggs and it was good.  If it wasn't so far out of my normal path I would be a frequent visitor."
"It is worth the wait... I had the best experience yesterday at snooze. Our waiter Michael was so much fun, we were being silly and he was laughing with us. He even gave us a pineapple upside down pancake that was absolutely amazing! I have never had a pancake so good in my entire life hahaha 
I will be back and I want to sit in Michael's section....I'll wait!!!"
As residents of Denver we were really excited to share one of our favorite restaurants with our family while we were home for Christmas. This was absolutely the worst experience we've ever had at any Snooze location. Above all the service was terrible. Our waiter didn't bring us water and acted annoyed that we were there. Snooze has always stood out as having the friendliest and best service around. The waiter also knowingly got my order wrong and didn't change it or offer anything. At the Snooze in Denver they always bring you a free pancake for a long wait or messing up your order. The terrible service overshadowed the delicious food.
"I absolute love Snooze! I go here every week, at least once. The food is great, the atmosphere is mellow, even when it's busy. The service sometimes lacks, but hey, what small business doesn't lack in service when it is busy. Nothing to get bent outta shape over, usually just a little longer of a wait for your server to come back, which is totally fine considering the food is delicious! I love the o.m.g French toast, super good and light when I don't feel like being too full to run around all day. The pancake options are awesome, and they always have a pancake of the day. My personal favorite here, is the breakfast tacos, only problem I have is they are never consistent in portion. Sometimes there's a hefty amount of filling for the taco, sometimes it lacks a little, but like I said prior, the food here makes up for that either way. I give this place 5 stars. Great food, great atmosphere, good music, can't really complain. If you go on a weekend call before you head down to get on the waiting list. Sometimes it's about an hour and half long wait. Well worth it but prepare for it, and you won't have to be bummed out, you missed out on awesome food!"
"I wanted to love this place with it's cute decor and giant coffee mugs. We went in on a weekday morning where there was enough staff on for every table to have their own server. After waiting 10 minutes to be greeted by a server that looked mildly annoyed she had an opportunity to make money while at her job... I ordered a coffee, my husband ordered a pineapple juice. The juice never came. We ordered breakfast.. Maybe the juice was being fresh squeezed? My husband ordered pancakes, I ordered the chilaquiles benedict. The pancakes came out like pancakes... The Benedict looked like everything my breakfast loving heart desired. The first bite was cold... I assessed it to be the mass amount of pico piled on top. A few more bites... Meh. Tried the other half without all the pico... ICE COLD meat. Appetite killed with the fear that Id be yacking up food poisoning later. After our server finally showed up.. Still no pineapple juice.... I informed her of the ice cold meat (Cold as if they took it out of the freezer, forgot to prep it and just piled it on top). She asked if I wanted another one. I declined saying I didn't have time to wait for another meal as my husband was already finished with his breakfast and it was a weekday. She said she would take it off the bill. I handed her my credit card to go ahead and run since everything seemed to take forever there. She brings it back... The manager took $5 off. The Benedict was $13.50. The manager also never even came to the table. I want to hate this place and never return, but I know there is so much potential on that menu. The sad part is the owner was sitting at the table next to usgoing over paperwork.... Oh well."
We arrived at 9.30 on sunday and was told that the wait was 35 minutes.  At that time all the stores were still closed.. They texted us at 10.20 but did not get a table till 10.35. The food was average except for their pancakes which is excellent .prices are reasonable . . The hostess  was not friendly . They should push their coffer
"This is the best breakfast place ever! The food is sooooo good, you have to try the hash."
"I've been to Snooze a few times and it's always been a fantastic experience. There's usually a pretty long wait but it's absolutely worth it.  I definitely recommend putting your name on the wait list well before the morning hunger pangs kick in!  The upside to the long wait is that they will send a text when your table is almost ready so you don't have to hang around outside in the crazy AZ heat.  Head down the street to a coffee shop or do a little shopping next door while you wait. No more waiting in a designated perimeter with a pager! Freeeeedom!

The menu is perfect for brunch seekers with adult beverages like the Morning Manhattan,   Bangkok Bloody Mary or the Pineapple Mimosa. My favorite food item is Juan's Breakfast Tacos and their selection of Eggs Benedict is pretty wicked. I've brought both friends and family here and everyone has fallen in love with this place as the food is amazing and the retro 60s vibe offers something unique to the typical brunch experience. Snooze offers a refreshing take on some of the traditional brunch items and you truly get a sense that they put great thought and effort into their menu."
Seriously delicious food in an adorable retro eatery. I ordered a half order of French toast and half order of eggs Benedict...they best of both worlds! Oh my!!! Thank you to the wonderful waitress that suggested the split and made my breakfast dreams come true. Great coffee and juice as well. A must stop...it doesn't disappoint.
"Great place tucked away in the town and country shopping plaza in Camelback and 20th St. Food was so good sand service was excellent, started with an awesome iced chai, though I really wanted to try one of their bloody Mary's...I'll save that fire my next visit. Had the Ham Benedict III...so good my egg poached to perfection. I will definitely be returning back here soon, probably for Sunday brunch so I can give that bloody Mary a try. If you're in the area definitely stop in and have a great meal."
"Snooze will definitely become a regular for me. I can't believe I've waited so long to give it a try! Off the bat I appreciate the bright and fresh atmosphere of the 21st & Camelback location- a large open room with warm lighting and wall to wall windows. The menu was packed with traditional breakfast and brunch goodies with an obvious flair for fine dining. I sat at the bar and try server was sure to set me up with water and coffee and great drink menu. I will have to return to try one of their cocktails, they look fun and satisfying! My server explained Snooze is known for their Benedicts but I was like a moth to a flame to the Sandwich I Am, a meal fit for any hungry tummy. Sandwich I Am is a breakfast sandwich, a large quality pork sausage patty topped with fluffy 2 fluffy  eggs and cheddar cheese all in top of a soft, warm pretzel bun.... I'm salivating even as I write this and I've already eaten it! Through and through it was a great experience. Can't wait to go back."
"Have been here twice and think the place is adorable . The hostess has greeted us warmly, the servers are super friendly and helpful and the coffee is delish. Had an omelete, good but a little dry , and the corn beef hash which was super good , this is definately a great addition to town and country center."
Wonderful breakfast and service! I had the shrimp and grits and the meal was full of shrimp and very tasty. Juice was delicious as well!
"Yum, yum, yum.  Every weekend the line to get into Snooze is insane.  So, instead I went with some co-workers over the lunch hour.  The atmosphere is great and the overall vibe is very retro, really cool.  Service was great and we even got to sample a free Apricot Pecan pancake.  I had the cinnamon roll pancake and hash-browns and they were Deeeelicious.  I will be back!"
"This place is my friend and I's favorite place to eat! Everytime we decide to go get breakfast somewhere, snooze is our go to! This time I got the pineapple upside down pancakes and they were delicious! Little bits of pineapple made it so yummy! I gave it 4 stars only because the bottom part of one of the pancakes were on the verge of being burnt and I tasted it everytime I took a bite. Not really a fan of burnt taste. I didn't eat all of it, and next time I will probably not get pancakes."
"I have had a couple things that weren't  perfect here, but I go often and normally  love it, so I attribute  the funky times to new employees I guess. Love the Pineapple  pancakes and omelets! Nice patio and in good weather the windows open."
"What is there not to like about this place?! It's a breakfast lovers heaven with everything from Pineapple upside down pancakes to hollandaise to breakfast tacos and you can get with any breakfast drink of your choice. Because who doesn't love a breakfast margarita? All the ingredients are sourced locally and taste fresh, the waiters are all nice and they have Gluten and Vegan alternatives. The gluten free pancakes are some of the best I've ever had it's hard to tell it even is! 
Yes there's a wait and yes it's worth it."
"With a 1-2 hour wait each time I have been there in the mornings on the weekends, I can not give this place 5 stars. However regardless of the wait, and no reservations by phone accepted, I still continue to keep coming back and waiting because the eggs benedict and pancakes are just that amazing (5 stars!)! We usually put our name in and run and errand or two until we receive a text informing us our table is almost ready. The biltmore and a few shopping stores are right there, so you can do a little shopping to bypass time."
"Their selection of gf items is what brings me here. I had the pineapple upside down pancake and bacon today. Crispy bacon, and it was cooked perfectly. The pancake is huge, just the right amount of sweetness and pancake. If you are dining alone, there is rarely a wait at the counter. Service was great; I've never had bad service here."
"First time to Snooze. We loved it. Got seat right away. Nice table. Good coffee. Hipster vibe. We are not hitters and still felt welcome. 

I had basic french toast side of eggs and chicken sausage. I love the french toast. Tiny dollop of think homemade whip cream and a nice amount of fresh berries. Delicious! I didn't care for the chicken assuage. It was over spiced for my liking. The eggs were very good. 

We went rushed. Took our time. It was great! We will be back."
"Quick Summary: We went on a Sunday Morning during a busy time and expected to wait. They seated us within the predicted time frame and promptly took our orders. The ambiance is welcoming and bright with large open windows that nicely blend the outdoors with the indoors. The servers were friendly and the food was great. I've listed some pros and cons below. Overall we were very satisfied. 

Pros:
*Ambiance - Cool retro Jetsons 
-like theme.  
*Could get coffee and specialty drinks from the bar while waiting to be seated.
*Gluten free pancakes for adults and kids and the kids plates were completely polished off because they loved them so much. 
*Excellent fluffy and tasty pancakes. 
*3rd Street Chai (aka their Honey Vanilla sweet chai) was really good...so good my wife ordered a second one. 
*Orange juice was fresh and delicious. 
*Pineapple upside down pancake was great. 
*Balloon animals for the kids on this Sunday morning made smiles and gave us something for the kids to take home. 
*Friendly servers. 

Cons:
*Music in restaurant a little too loud for normal conversation and made it hard to hear the server. 
*Table Turn Times slow. Many tables were empty for up to 5 minutes waiting to be bussed after a party left. Of course, when you're starving, even a few minutes seems like forever. 
*Not enough sauce initially on my Strawberry Rhubarb pancakes. 
*The strawberry rhubarb pancake only came with a blended sauce and no real strawberries. 

Go and enjoy!"
"I have had breakfast during the work week several times at this location. Food is generally pretty good. Service is pretty good. Coffee is hot and good.... BUT..... For some reason, possibly because the staff are all young and in shape, they keep the place at a temperature best described as steamy. I don't get it. I have commented several times that it is hot and humid in there, and nothing changes. I literally leave there damp  - and have to sit in my car with the air on high for five minutes to stop sweating. 

I don't care how good the food is - not going back - it is not worth the swamp experience!"
"HOMOPHOBIC AND RACIST!!!!! My friend and I got attacked by a manager's friend who threatened to beat my friend to death only because he was a black gay male wearing an army camo print t-shirt!?!? This happened in the Phoenix facility with the manager Blake standing RIGHT next to this man and smiling while his friend was dropping death threats to us. We were minding our business and to be attacked like that for no reason and with the FULL SUPPORT of the manager is UNACCEPTABLE !!!!! If you want death threats with your overpriced poached eggs, this is great place for it. Make sure you say hi to racist, homophobic, incompetent  manager Blake."
"I love this spot. The food is awesome and the service is unbeatable!!! Alex was one of the best servers I have ever had! Plus the patio is dog friendly.
 The wait was about 50 minutes for Saturday brunch but it was worth it. You can get a drink at the bar while you wait. I love the adult hot cocoa options, plus you can play ping pong while waiting. We found a couple who was willing to play doubles to help pass the time. Fun times. 
Alex had lots of suggestions, all of which were delicious.  He brought us some samples of the options we were trying to decide between. 
I have tried all the Benedict options, I like them all. The stuffed french toast is really good if you are looking for something sweet. The oatmeal is good, but seems to be better during winter months. They change the recipe up a couple times a year pending what is in season at the time.
I highly recommend waiting for a table during busy times,  it is well worth it."
"my little review. Upon entering I was pleasantly surprised at the decor, cool retro (not my fav style), but it impressed me. The waiter was wonderful and upbeat. Right there when we needed him. The hostess which was a guy (what's the name for him? A hoster?) was welcoming as well. Anyway, the booths were comfy and even liked the lighting. food was delish, we shared the breakfast pot pie, which was big enough for two. Very flavorful, the orange juice tasted fresh squeezed although a bit pricy at $4. The only complaint I have it the noise level was very high. They were busy but I've been elsewhere in the same situation and it's been much quieter. Maybe they need some buffer in the walls or ceiling to absorbs noise. Oh and one last cool thing. There's a bar across the front for looking out to the parking lot and the windows swing up and completely out of the way. Reminded me of Brophy's on the Harbor in Santa Barbara. I will be going back to explore more of their menu for sure."
Best place around went to the town & country location and not only did RC give us great service but the food is awesome can't go wrong everything is so good !! Check this place out great atmosphere  as well !!
They have the most amazing upside down pineapple pancakes ever!. I go to this place for brunch at least once a week because the taste is just incredible and I can't complain about anything.
"Just left here for a Sunday breakfast with my boyfriend. Food was good, eggs weren't the best though. Came in and immediately sat at the bar, our server was over promptly to get our drink orders. The place was overly crowded and half the people in there were standing either right behind where you were sitting and eating basically breathing down your neck and there was no room to move. Once our waitress came back with our drinks she took our order and left. About 15 or so minutes go by and we got our food. Now we had no expectations specially since we were getting breakfast on a Sunday morning but, having all your customers wait to be seated right by people eating is beyond annoying. Now if we would've waited for a booth or a table the wait was right around 30-50 minutes and it would've been fine to wait except we were hungry and the bar had openings eating so we jumped on that. Maybe try having people sit outside after they checked in so that your entrance area isn't so jammed pack? Which is also a fire hazard having so many people stand in front of the only exit way..."
"Absolutely the best breakfast place we've been to, plus they also have restaurants in Colorado as well"
"Yum! Just eat here! Pancake flight (OMG French Toast, Pineapple pancake are top choices!) and chicken sausage: delish. Great service. Outside dining."
"Our first time here, the place is hip and happening with great music. I had the breakfast version if a pot pie. It was an amazing tasty dish. I will have that again. We also shared a pineapple upside down pancake that was a treat as well."
"Went with a friend for brunch.  The food was inventive and delicious!  Many ingredients are locally sourced and nothing was just ""run of the mill"". It seems like everything has a special touch or detail. We ate so much and were beyond stuffed. Service was lovely and prompt, server was engaged and friendly. We would love to go back!"
It was ok food--nothing that blew me away. The place is very noisy and busy. A better choice is First Watch for breakfast.
"Only waited about 15 minutes on a busy Saturday morning because we were willing to sit outside.  

Excellent, fresh food which makes the high prices tolerable.  

Our favs .... apple juice, bacon, and chiliquilles -- out of this world.

No issues with service or speed.  Very pleasant experience."
"The food is delicious, drinks are made with love and service pretty chill friendly. For Drinks i had mayan mocha."
"Great casual diner to grab some delicious breakfast. My favorites are the breakfast tacos, OMG French toast, and the eggs with hash browns. This place will not disappoint and very reasonably priced as well."
"Food was good
Service was mediocre, no coffee or water refills??

Maybe it was determined that the cool weather didnt require?

It was disappointing that the service was poor as the food was good"
"The wait was worth it! The food was delicious, and the atmosphere is great. So many unique dishes and great service."
Great food. I am not a breakfast guy at all and I enjoyed it. Menu had plenty of options. The pancakes are HUGE. Best breakfast place in Arizona.
"I had the bella benny and the caprese benny with hashbrowns, and tried a regular pancake on the side, as well as my friend's breakfast potpie. While the eggs benedict was really small, the flavor and quality ingredients were definitely there. The mozzarella on the caprese was divine and went well on a slice of ciabatta. And the prosciutto was a modern twist versus a traditional eggs benedict. The hashbrowns were okay and nothing I would rave about (not enough crunch or crisp for my taste). And don't waste your time on the breakfast potpie. I was excited to try it and it wasn't anything special. However, the rosemary added to the gravy was a nice touch. Lastly, the pancake was a nice little treat on the side, but nothing special (probably better off trying one of their more exciting pancake flavors)."
"Wait is too long on the weekends, so we go on the weekdays. 

The Breakfast Pot Pie is SO GOOD. Rich, but tasty! You will be full when you leave. I also have had their 'classic' Benny. Eggs were cooked perfectly. For me, the smoked cheddar hollandaise was a bit too rich, but to each their own. Would love the option for a regular hollandaise...but that's just me being picky. 

The coffee is flavorful. 

The French toast is lovely, too. I love the atmosphere! Our waitress was friendly. We'll be back!"
"I don't like the round tables in the middle. Only two to a seat for sure. Unless you are smaller. I was uncomfortable when i was there. The service was good.
The food was alright, not my absolute favorite. I think it is because I heard it was  supposed to be really good and the wait is always crazy long. So when I got my food, I did enjoy it, but not my favorite brunch type food. The taste was alright, but it didn't match their presentation. Such a trendy presentation of food, but didn't feel like anything was mind blowing, but maybe that is what they were striving for all along... hipsters confuse me."
Visit after visit the service just gets worse. They ran out of second chances months ago. I actually think that they are racist because of the lack of service they offer to non whites. This is the experience that I've had with the staff and management. Needless to say I took my business to other establishments who deliver great customer service.
"Sit at the bar and ask for Andy. Best service and breakfast in PHX, hands down!  Gluten free eggs Benedict and pancakes available. This place will get your morning off to a great start :)"
"Snooze is a special breakfast eatery. Service is top notch, the ambiance is warm and friendly and the food choices fit most every palate. The flights of pancakes make it possible for everyone at your table to sample their deliciousness. I could go on but you should try it yourself. Oh and btw, on the weekend if you arrive after 9 expect a wait to be seated. It's ok...it's worth it."
Great food and atmosphere. Reasonable prices. The pancakes and breakfast pot pie were big hits.  Will definitely go back.
"Cool concept restaurant, feels like an old 70's kinda diner with awesome food. They had a great mix of breakfast ""drinks"". My DIL got the Spicy Bloody Mary which she loved and I got the Brewmosa (White Belgian Ale and OJ) which hit the spot. 

The kids got Eggs Benny's, DIL got the Ham and my son got the Smashed Avocado and the Bella! Bella. They were happy with all of them. My son loved the Bella! Bella! And I enjoyed the bite I had of the Smashed Avocado. 

My wife went with the OMG French Toast and her response was that they were appropriately named. Great flavor and raved about the Strawberries. 

I got the Corned Beef Hash at the recommendation of our server and was glad I listened. The Hash had an excellent ratio of Corned Beef and potatoes.  The Corned Beef was nice thick pulls of meat. I also got a side of the thick, Smokey bacon which was great!"
"Service B, ambiance D-  music as loud as a disco would not lower volume. Unable to have conversation without SHOUTING.  AT 7 AM VERY annoying

Hash B- poached eggs  B, but what is just one piece of toast,

Overall experience C+"
"Great menu and food.  Nice atmosphere once seated.  The only complaint I have with this place is the long lines and no where to sit while waiting in the hot sun

Awesome food and definitely will be back.  Just earlier before the long line starts up.."
"Our first time here and we were told it would be a 40 minute wait. When 45 minutes passed we were told it would be an additional 30 minutes!  There were about 7-9 open tables, plenty of outdoor seating and immediate counter space available for 2 people. The staff was extremely rude when I questioned the reason for the long wait time. 

I will never go there again!  I would not recommend this place to anyone. Don't waste your time or money. There are plenty of other businesses who know how to accommodate people on a Sunday."
"I had a great first visit to this breakfast eatery.  I had a cheese potato and ham breakfast.  My buddy had the corned beef hash.  We were both very happy with our meals and our coffee.   I would like to try this place out a couple more times just to make certain before I give it five stars.  

As a side note, a famous former Phoenix Sun was also eating here and was kind enough to take a photo with us."
"This place is delicious every time. We've been to the one in Denver, Phoenix, La Jolla, and San Diego. All amazing!!! We will continue to eat here."
I wanted to be more pleased. It's rather expensive for the amount of food you get. Maybe I have to try their drinks they seem to be the most appealing. I'll give it another shot someday but it was OK  also the service could have way better considering there were so many people working...
"It's a great place to people watch and to have a wonderful breakfast and brunch. They have an extensive menu, and everything I've tried has been wonderful. Oh, and for us drinkers-- mimosas are on deck! Any citrus fruit combo that you can think of. Try the grapefruit.. let's chat later!!"
"The 'corned beef hash' menu description did not include potatoes, so I asked the waitress and she told me that there were a little potatoes in it. This seemed to be the most protein laden menu item, but what was served was an order of hash browns with a sprinkling of corned beef. Resolving the issue on our check became difficult and the manager made me feel guilty for the whole thing.
Also getting a refill for our tea and coffee took forever, there was no one offering refills."
Picked up breakfast with co-worker and ordered OMG French toast and corned beef hash. The food was so satisfying that I was a happy camper rest of the day I think I found my favorite breakfast spot.
Pancakes and hot chocolate are out of this world. One of my favorite breakfast spots!
"awesome pineapple upside down pancake...can't wait to try all of their varieties - they offer a pancake flight - pick 3 - yummy eggs benny, Carla's a good server, sit w/her."
We love snooze! Try to go during the week to avoid the long waits on the weekend. The food is the usual breakfast type with a twist. So yummy!
"Great food, warm atmosphere and awesome service.  The green chili on the buro was some of the best I have ever had."
"We love snooze! It's a great place to bring friends and family! They have a great menu with a wide variety for all! The only downside is that they have a massive wait time, all the time. I would likely recommend implementing some sort of app reservation/checkin service. Erika helped us today and even brought us a complimentary pancake, super awesome service!"
"Overall great place to eat. Always busu on the weekends from 9am the line starts. Need to work on cleaning their coffee cups. Note the ""clean spots"" vs. The darker area of the cup. Gross."
"Great little eclectic spot for breakfast, brunch or lunch. I wanted to try somewhere new to me and wandered in here - glad I did. The music took me back to the early 90's and the food took me where I hadn't been before. Interesting spin on old ideas. The selection is fantastic and the prices won't break the bank. Great service too and the bathrooms were very clean. They obviously take pride in their work here. Highly recommend the place."
My favorite snooze location. Always great food and chill environment. Sit at the bar and enjoy a mmmmisoa and have some breakfast tacos!
"They say,  if you Snooze you loose. Can't say what this place is like.  When we arrived and were told in a very cheerful manner 'the expected wait is 1 to 1.25 hours for a table' we drove on.  Really?  And no reservation options either.  What a let down!"
If heaven had a breakfast joint this would be it. I'm thankful God blessed me the opportunity to have a meal here and I'm grateful to be served with such an awesome staff namely Jessica our server and Denika our Hostess. When I gave my compliments to the manager I got to see 1st hand why the rest of the staff are the way they are. Good leaders lead by example.
"I love this place! There's usually quite a wait for breakfast, but there's plenty of shopping to do next door. And the wait is completely worth it: I get the 3 egg breakfast every time and is always so delicious! My favorite breakfast place :)"
1st time here and I don't know why i haven't been here before! Definitely coming back soon to try something different.
"I love eating here!! If you can get past a sometimes long wait, this is the breakfast/ brunch place to be. The food is consistently great no matter what you order. I have always had great service too. No complaints what so ever!!"
Breakfast will never be the same!  I tried the Chili Verde Benedict with Pumpkin flavored pancakes and house made corned beef hash.  The flavors on each were amazing!!  The wait was well managed and service was efficient.  I hope to have the time to eat here again soon.
"OMGosh......the BEST breakfast ever...service was point on, food was fantastic, for sure will drive again here from the far West side (83rd/glendale)...
Need one of these on the westside!!!
If I could give more stars I would"
"Waited for so long! But the food is incredible and or server was very sweet and attentive!!
I had the omg French toast and it blew my mind..!! My girlfriend got the Bella Bella Benny and that was also incredible! And definitely try the apple juice, You know it's good when you can't see through the glass"
"Great service and a cool environment...

BUT,

- the food is a little pricey, especially for simple breakfast food.
- food was warm, but definitely not as hot as I would like my eggs Benedict. (Pretty luke warm to be honest)
- did the pancake flight, flavor of the day was so gross neither my guest or I finished.  (Also pretty dry, not quite pizza crust dry but almost there.)

Wouldn't recommend going out of your way to go here for breakfast.

However, if you go try the pineapple upside down cake pancakes. They were the least dry I tried while here!

Will not be coming back, but did not have a terrible experience here."
"We were excited to try a new independent restaurant in the neighborhood, but we ended up a bit disappointed. We we understanding of the wait on a holiday weekend, but it took nearly 45 minutes to get our food once we ordered.  Good news....we did enjoy the food once it arrived.  
The management handled the situation very well, because of this we will likely try them again, but there seem to be a lot of bugs to work out!"
"I LOVE THIS PLACE. Was introduced to them in Denver where it is a staple for breakfast. I just moved to Phoenix this weekend and couldn't believe they were here. I've been here everyday since Friday and will probably hit it one more time for good measure tomorrow. 

Everything about this place is great. Great service, great coffee, fantastic food, good portions, creative dishes, great flavors, cool retro scene. I travel all the time for work and this is one of my top three breakfast places in the country. 

It is a couple of blocks to my office so I'm sure I'll be a quick regular. Good place to entertain clients as well."
"OMG! This place is def. worth the wait! The wait was about an hour and a half and they text you when your table is about to be ready. They also had a coffee station with reusable orange cups for your wait. Our server Karla was so nice and friendly! The bacon and eggs booze drink was very good, wasn't a big fan of the dirty chai coffee drink. We then shared the pancake trio (blueberry lemon, pumpkin and the flavor of the day which was sweet potato), all were sooooo good! I got the Benny duo which is your choice of 2 halves of eggs Benedict, I got the avocado Benny and steak and eggs. The steak and eggs benedict was my favorite out of the two, it was so tasty! I also love a place that cares about the environment (no straws!), kudos to you snooze!"
"Great place, Duo Benny is a great concept allows a customer to enjoy multiple flavors that will make any foodies palette happy along with a great beverage menu either dry or with some holiday spirit to start your morning with a little cheer. So step on in and enjoy as server Michael and his colleagues treat you with hospitality and wonderful service."
Never disappointed with Snooze! My go-to breakfast is always Chilaquiles Eggs Benedict along with a single Cinnamon Roll Pancake. You might need to share a little since it's a lot of food to get both. Always friendly service! Keep it up Snooze
"If you're planning on eating here for brunch on a Saturday or Sunday, then be prepared to wait. I've been here twice around that time and both times I've waited nearly an hour. In my opinion, there are some things here that are not worth waiting for like the omelette which is tiny and uninteresting. The eggs benedict, however, is fantastic. They have a few types of bennies and the veggie one I tried was delicious. If you have a sweet tooth for breakfast, they have massive sweet ooey gooey pancakes which come in flavors like cinnamon roll and chocolate peanut butter too that are bomb. Service here is excellent and the atmosphere is really cute- almost has a -1960s pop vibe. I would say that Snooze is definitely worth a visit depending on your taste in breakfast/brunch."
Omg I love this place for breakfast. My fav are their benedict's. Their hashbrowns are also very tasty. Make sure you give yourself enough time for a long wait as this place is very popular. Expect at least a 30 minute wait...
Great breakfast selection. Perfect day to enjoy breakfast and pineapple mimosa on the patio.
"My first experience at a Snooze restaurant was at this location a couple years ago. Now that they have one in Gilbert, I typically go to that one.  However, when I am in the area or picking up my family at the airport, we shoot right up the 51 and come here. I was here last weekend and enjoyed our visit very much like the first. Very courteous servers, quick kitchen, and tasty food as always.  My favorite is the blueberry Danish pancakes.  They can get sweet after awhile, but it's amazing with the lemon zest filling."
"I love cute, hip breakfast places and snooze is definitely working in bring a cute hip breakfast spot, even if it's not quite there yet.  
Cool decor. Awesome patio and open-air bar seating. 
Good selection of mimosas and bloody Mary's ($6-8 each). 
Food looked good, even though we didn't order anything. 
Good location at the old Town and country mall, but I wish it were closer to central. 
Staff was friendly, but definitely still working out the kinks. We had quite a wait for two mimosas and a beer. 
Overall, I'm giving Snooze the benefit if the doubt and I will definitely be back to sample the menu. 

Ps, I don't know if it will ever make it to five star status since it's part if a CA/CO chain."
"Unbelievable and incredible breakfast. We love the Benny Goodman which includes salmon, eggs and a special source on rye toast. The gluten free hotcakes are to die for. Give yourself a little time as the wait is often 30 to 45 min. Well worth the wait. Put this place on your breakfast bucket list."
"Yum x1000. Seriously so good, could eat here everyday. The best thing about having so many options, you never have to settle. You could literally get half/half of so many things because that's how they run. We got one gf blueberry pancake (AHHMAZING). I did a byo bene. I wanted avocado but not the green chili so I just did my own avocado with bacon. It was so great, and the flavor/spices of hash browns just falling apart in my mouth kept making me eat more, more and more. It was so much food I couldn't eat it all and the rest of the bene and hash browns tasted just as great heated up later. My boyfriend got the pick two bene (see you don't have to settle on one) and he devoured his as he always does. Our service was on point. We asked for the oj as the food came and she never missed a beat. Coffee was also filled, plates were always cleared- just a productive environment. 

They did have a sign on one of their doors and it says ""the most expensive thing in a restaurant is an empty table"" and I don't think they will ever have a problem with that as how well they all worked together."
"We decided to check this place out after hearing good things and apparently so did half of Phoenix. We waited a good 45 minutes before being seated, and even then, it was at the bar. The food was great and I loved the wide variety of brunch cocktails. The wait was a big turn off, but everything else was great."
"Great place for breakfast/ brunch.  Really cutely named dishes.  A bit on the pricy side but the food is good.  The snooze hot chocolate isnt very good, it was made with milk which was great but the chocolate wasnt enough which made it taste like bery mild flavored chocolate milk.  But it was topped with a giant ball of whippes cream! Ordered the flight of pancakes which allows you to pick a combo of 3 pancakes, the peanut butter cup one was the best, followed by the blueberry danish one and lastly the chocolate chip one.  Great service!  But definitely a wait.  Loved that they would text you when your table was ready!"
Ehh not as good as it was a year ago. My Benedict was cold and the eggs were basically hard boiled. Service was good but the food is seriously lacking. No one at our table enjoyed their food and only one was warm.
Came with some girlfriends for brunch and my food was terrible. I ordered pancakes and it tasted like there was pepper in them. Won't be going back.
Everything and I mean everything is made from scratch! French toast is delicious and hash best I've ever had!
"Best. Pancakes. Ever!
First of all, let's take a step back and think about pancakes. Pancakes is a breakfast staple that you don't think too much about, it's as common as eggs or toast, and when you see specialty pancakes on the menu you often see (and come to expect) regular pancakes with some fruit tossed in it.
Well, I'm here to report that Snooze changes the pancake makin' game. One, they offer a pancake flight that allows you to taste three of their pancake varieties. Two, they serve you pancakes that focus on the art of cakes, and three, they subsequently ruin all other pancakes you will taste anywhere else.
For my selection I chose: Pineapple Upside Down Cake, Sweet Potato, and Coffee and Donut. The Pineapple Upside Down Cake is sweet and delectable with the Sweet Potato also being good, but different. I liked the Coffee and Donut (literally tastes like it sounds), but would recommend the signature Pineapple Upside Down Cake out of the three.
In addition, their Bloody Mary's are solid, and it's important to note since the cuisine is so good you almost forget about your beverages. This Snooze location is recognized to serve some of the best Bloody Mary's in the Valley, so if that's your drink of choice you'll be pleasantly content.
Can't wait to come back!"
"This place is good for breakfast, but it is really packed. All the time! 
I was initially put off by the way I was received, the guy (host) seemed a little overwhelmed and therefore, frustrated. He was not welcoming at all and though, at the moment I didn't really feel he was friendly, I then was understandable about the fact that, the place was really busy. 
After being sat down, the waitress was extremely nice, attentive and good overall. The food was amazing! I ordered the Upside Down Pineapple Pancake and it was delicious. I would definitely comeback to The Snooze to have yet, another delish breakfast."
"Disappointing wait time. Then we were paged to be seated and were required to stand there and wait watching our empty table wait for us for 5 minutes but they kindly informed us we could play with the dirty toys that have NEVER been washed outside....wait we just did that for 45 minutes!  

OMG avoid the OMG French toast because the OMG you are expecting is more like OMG they just cut one large piece of bread into 4 pieces and OMG charge $10 and OMG I am going die of starvation. 

Don't come thirsty either...waiting for a refill will take an entire meal. Perhaps because the concept of busboys is left to the servers and the hostess that is more than eager to pull your plate with food still on it!

Looking forward to the new locations in Tempe and Gilbert because this location leaves a lot to be desired. Hopefully the new places are arranged to handle the crowds with comfortable seating and staff trained to serve and move food, drinks and people. Otherwise they will be hearing from me there as well"
"Came to Snooze for the first time with my parents while visiting them in Arizona recently and left an extremely happy--albeit sleepy--customer! We played ping pong while we waited for our table to be ready at the suggestion of the hostess and had so much fun! As soon as we sat down our waiter, Michael, came up to us and asked for our drink order. I got the Spicy Bloody with only a slight eye roll from my mother, which was delicious. As newbies to Snooze, we asked Michael for help in deciding what to order and he had great suggestions for us. We could tell he knew the menu backwards and forwards, and he was happy to help us pick out some deliciousness. I ended up getting the Benny duo (one ham, one Bella! Bella!) for myself and the sweet potato pancakes for the table at Michael's suggestion. I don't remember exactly what my parents ordered because I was too excited for my selections, but they enjoyed sharing the sweet potato pancakes with me and what they ordered as well. Great food and even better service ensures that we will be repeat customers especially when I am in town!"
"I've eaten at their San Diego location.... great interior design... free coffee while you wait for seating.  Get there early on the weekends to avoid the rush. 

Super friendly and fast waiting staff.... the menu has SOO many yummy combinations.  The breakfast burrito is super yummy.  Their coffee is 
delicious .... and the pancakes phenomonal."
"Waited way too long for our food to come, 40-45 minutes.  Food was good, great menu choices, but the bill was not correct.  Added costs that the waitress could not explain, just that 'that is what the computer came up with'.  Really?  Adjusted it which took another 5-10 minutes but still wasn't right.  I'll do Butterfields or Over Easy over this place."
"We were visiting from Hawaii for the GCU winter graduation. We googled places nearby to where we were staying and chose Snooze. At first we were worried about the wait time but when we got there we arrived right before the crowd and only waited 15 minutes. Our server was friendly and we also said hello to another server  (Jenna) originally from Hawaii. The food was great. The Benny Duo Benedict, Snooze Classic a d Corn Beef Hash were all winner selections.  I loved the atmosphere!  Great breakfast/brunch selections"
"I went to this place a few months ago.. late post. We drove by this the other day& skipped it. We just remembered how NOT great it was. It was horrible!, no WOW factor at all. The wait for this place was a hour 1/2. Was told 30 mins not even!. Way to crowded inside, the tables are pretty much on top of each other. Hello neighbors? literally! The food was rated a D. in my book. French toast was filled with pure sugar, Hash browns suck,  eggs and bacon are okay. Bacon was on a plate only two slices for extra an price. Don't waste your time or your money.. go to Breakfast Club in Old Town Scottsdale or Downtown Phx there so much better."
"Food was a 4, but the service from Teasha was a little bit sideways (literally) she did not walk past the corner of the table.  I don't think she smiled once.  We were sbout to leave based on her bad attitude.  The gentleman that brought our food was more attentive than Teasha was.  So a bit of advice, if she comes to your table, leave or ask to be seated in another servers section, trust me.."
Great food.  Could not decide on sweet or savory ... So our party got some of each and shared.  Coffee and donuts Pancake was really good.  Service was excellent.   Just visiting Phoenix but it is on our list to visit when we come back!
"Arrived early, still had a long wait. 
After being seated had another long wait for orders to be taken. Food took more than 40mins and arrived lukewarm and slightly burnt. 
Had to flag down waitress repeatedly for coffee, cream & sugar, butter, & napkins. 
The place is cavernous and the noise level is overwhelming. 
Save your time and money, Snooze is highly over-rated. The service is minimal and the food is mediocre at best."
The food was just okay... I had the eggs benedict. Way to expensive for the quanity and quality of the food. If your looking for unique breakfast items that cost way too much this is the place for you!
After I got off the plane my bf and I came here. Really cute breakfast place! Very fast and great customer service
"The atmosphere is great, our server was prompt and friendly. I ordered the Ruben and it was great! Pretzel bun was nice and soft, not too chewy like I thought it would be. Ordered the Spicy Bloody Mary and it was excellent."
Food was really good. I had the chilies benedict super good very filling I didn't finish but washed it down with a mmm mmm mimosa. The atmosphere was very mellow good music was playing not too loud. They had very nice restroom.
"Food good, service is good. Be prepared to WAIT. Try the pancake flight and Bennie combo with another cake subbed for the browns (at least 4 us, I like crisper browns) on the first visit so u get to know the menu. Brewmosa was good (beer and oj). Good shade outside, sat comfortably outside on a warm September mid morn."
"Thank you Yelp for this true gem. I love the food and the service gets no better. Awesome... open up during dinner ""PM Eatery"""
"Brunch brunch brunchhhhhhhhhh.

Came here with my family that's from cali. 11 people!!! 35 minute wait. Ahhh... and 45 minutes for our food to come out. 
My uncle was fighting with our waiter, idk the whole story, but we got a gift card and $15 off. :)

Cute layout, great atmosphere. I like the round booth chairs.  Idk if they're snowflakes or jacks around the place. :)) 

Snooze breakfast burrito ;; vegetarian btw :))) yummmyyyyyy, the sauce was phenomenal. Highly recommended

Three pancake flights ; any choice you want. My nephew got the carrot cake, chocolate and blueberries pancake. He loved it.

French toast neat ;; it was okay. Kinda sweet for me.




OMG French toast ;; omggggggg"
"I loved this breakfast spot! The food is so good and lots of yummy options. I loved how you could get any of their signature pancake on the kids meal! Great drink options and almond milk for coffee which my husband appreciated. The service was great, very friendly."
"Prepare for a rave review! Found it on Yelp and almost 500 reviews don't lie! Uhmahzing! Seriously I want to give this place 10 stars. Don't be scared by the 45-60 minute wait time. We were told that and had a table in 25 minutes. It gave us time to kick back on the sunny patio to enjoy some wonderfully inventive breakfast cocktails like the brewmosa, michelada, as well as five different versions of Bloody Mary and mimosas. 

Our group had chilaquiles Benedict, ham Benedict and breakfast tacos. And you bet we added a blueberry pancake and peanut butter cup pancake. Everything was fresh and fantastic. I also recommend a side of smokey thick cut bacon. 

Service was great. 80s music and clean diner decor gave Snooze a great hip vibe. The place is our new fave in Phoenix and we just may be back tomorrow."
Love this place. I get the gluten friendly pancakes and they are amazing. Their hash browns and eggs are to die for. Top that off with great service makes for a wonderful experience. We drive all the way from Goodyear to come here and are never let down.
"We were pleasantly surprised by Snooze. So many breakfast places in the Valley are, for lack of a better work, underwhelming. I don't need a lumberjack slam or an eight page menu of just breakfast offerings. Just do what you do and do it well - and that describes our experiences at Snooze. Excellent service, good coffee (BIG CUPS - if you are reading this, Snooze, we always have to ask for extra creamer for our two coffees), and good food. The interior is cool and comfortable. I'm glad we tried the place and, if you are considering giving Snooze a go, I think you will too."
"All I can say is YUMMMMMM!! for the Blueberry Danish Pancakes, which is 
buttermilk pancakes topped with blueberry coulis, sweet cream and almond streusel surrounding a center of lemony cream cheese filling.   Okay.   That's their description.   

My description:    It comes with two huge fluffy pancakes.   I ate one and saved the other for later.   It has the sweet lemony cheese with the blueberry compote and a bit of sweet cream.   I would have liked to have a bit more of the blueberry compote.   There were a few nuts.   I couldn't tell they were almonds.   Perhaps, but they were good.   Probably what added to their flavor is the fact they were toasted in butter??  Dunno.   I was going to take a photo of it, but by the time I thought of it, I had already taken three bites.  Sorry!

My companion had the breakfast sandwich, which I didn't try but was huge.   It had a cute round whatever it was.   I asked.   Hash browns.   Oh.   Okay.   That's a cute way of serving them.   

I would LOVE to go back.   Of course, probably should run around the block a few hundred times because of the calorie content, but well worth it 100 times over."
"I am in love with this place! Fantastic place for brunch. Show up early because there's always a long line. They text you when a table opens up for you so feel free to walk around, go to the nearby Nordstrom Rack! Food is undeniably amazing (so is the service!) Will be coming back!"
"Nice modern and clean place, that was great for brunch. Convenient with them texting you when the table is ready. We ordered the Benedict, corn beef hash and the cinnamon roll pancake. The eggs benedict and cinnamon pancakes were delicious! The corn beef hash was alright, barely any hash browns. Overall experience was great though."
There is always a wait and I don't think it's worth it. The bar tender making coffee is a grouch and absolutely do NOT order Huevos Rancheros - it is made with spaghetti sauce. Stick with a Benedict - they are yummy. The coffee is good.
"Tried Snooze out again after my sad sad encounter with their tofu scramble last time and was so thankful that it went better today! I grabbed the blueberry danish pancakes and the hashbrowns and it felt like I was in a brand new restaurant. The pancakes were absolutely delicious and the hashbrowns were flavorful and yummy, esp when compared to last time. Frankly, during my last experience the tofu scramble was cold and watery and the hashbrowns were underwhelming. But this time the pancakes were stellar and the hashbrowns were out of this world! A+ for killing it on the second try. Definitely hit up this place for literally anything but the tofu scramble. It has the capacity to hold larger groups though it does tend to be crowded and busy most of the time. 
Service was super super good this time and I'm more than happy to return for more yummy food!"
"They seemed to have fixed the too hot problem because I have been there MANY times in the last 2 years. Great food, great staff. Thumbs up now."
"Very disappointed. Shared my bacon with my husband. Ordered standard bacon and because it appears to be marinted, it's uniform in color.  One end of two maybe three pieces of the bacon was cooked and one end was mushy and now I realize it was completely not cooked.  Like it had hung over the edge of a griddle and got half cooked and still raw on one end. Didn't sent it back because we had waited so long to be seated and were starving and because it was uniform in color, I didn't realize how uncooked it was. It was also pretty much room temperature on the mushy end.  What a mistake. Within an hour and a half of leaving, we BOTH got stomach cramps and hit with watery diarrhea. I am 100% positive we got sick from eating that bacon and I'm 100% sure because we each ate a piece of it (I gave it to my husband because I didn't want a second pice of mushy bacon and he never turns down my shared bacon) and we both got sick. Snooze for us was more like Ooze. Don't need to go back."
"Food was excellent, service was even better. Worth the wait. Karla was awesome, knowledgeable and really made our experience great with her recommendations and extra attention to detail. We'll be back!"
"After waiting for 65 min. to get a table it took another 35 min. to get our food.  The food was ok, not worth waiting an hour in a half for.  My Husband ordered and sausage with mushrooms and cheddar cheese the one he got was pulled pork, three little mushrooms and hardly any cheese :( after waiting 35 min. to get it there was no way he was going to send it back.  The Chocolate Chip pancake was good, corn beef hash was good as well.  The best part of it was we were having brunch with our Son."
"We are big brunch fans and living right off Restaurant Row we wanted to give Snooze a try.  It's always packed, must be a good sign.  First time we tried we waited over an hour then left, second time we came back a bit earlier, still waited over 45 minutes but wanted to try it.  Everything smelled incredible, looked amazing.  We asked for first available seating, we got to sit on the patio and it was a beautiful day.  I always ask the server what their favorite things are when I try a new place. Our server suggested a few things, one of them sounded really good, it had I think pulled pork and like a green chili or jalapeno béarnaise sauce, only problem was it comes with a poached egg on top.  I don't like poached eggs, ""No problem"" says our server, ""You can get the eggs any way you'd like.  I ask for over medium, and some silverware.  My friend also placed a to go order for her mom and asked that it be brought out with our check.  After about 30 minutes - still no silverware, but they brought out the to go order so it could get good and cold while we waited another 30 min for our food.  Mine came out with a poached egg.  Yeah...No.  I asked the server to take it back to the kitchen and just throw it in the microwave, no big deal.  She informed me there were no microwaves on the premises and they would have to start over.  Hmm ok.  My friend didn't want to start eating without me but I did not want her food to get cold so I told her to please go ahead, well except that we STILL HAD NO SILVERWARE after asking THREE TIMES.  I got up, went inside and grabbed 2 settings. It took another 18 minutes and this time when it came out it was even runnier than the poached egg!  The whites were still raw and runny.  Again, I asked the server to take it back and she verbally made a disgusted noise.  EXCUSE ME, WTF??!!  Sorry I don't want to get salmonella from your stupid raw eggs.  After being there for more than 2 hours, I had coffee (Which was decent) service that was completely unacceptable and our to go order was ice cold.  My friend said her pineapple upside down pancakes were pretty good, they looked delicious.  They did end up comping the entire meal and I had to go elsewhere for breakfast.  Never saw the manager - terribly poor form as they could have at MINIMUM come by the table.  I'm going to give them one more try, but this time if the service is equally wretched, well, it won't go down well, or quietly.  I'll keep you posted."
"recently decided to try a new breakfast place and Snooze was the choice.   What a surprising and delicious find.   Went with my boyfriend and a friend, and there was an error in my order, before i even noticed they had brought me my plate, just a few minutes later than the other two and had not charged me for it.   Service was amazing and food was delicious, this is definitely a place i encourage to try and you will love it."
"Food is great.  The service is sub par.  Apprently they cant tell male from female patrons.   Last time i checked i am female.  I dont go by ""gentleman""

Server "" hello gentlemen..what can i do for you""
I turn around and look at him....
Server ""oh sorry.""

Fuck you asshole."
"Only come here when you are not starving and don't mind the long wait.

From the time we arrived to getting our food, it was over an hour wait.  20 mins wait for a table for two on Saturday morning. 15 mins just to get a latte and our order taken.  Then 40 mins for our food to come out.

The food was okay.  Our waitress gave us the bill when our plate was still half full.  After all the waiting, I'm being rushed to leave?  The customer to our right keeps raving about how awesome this place is, when another lady next table over was complaining about the long wait too.

We've been here several times and the experience has been the same each time.  I can't agree with the raves and hype of this place."
"There was a wait, which was our choice to wait for, as we were excited to dine there. The wait wasn't as long as we were told, which was great. We chose to wait for a table outs to dine, which usually takes longer than inside. Wouldn't want to sit inside tho, kinda squished and loud.
Friendly hostesses, our server was very nice, obviously busy, but not great as a server.
Food is definitely not what we expected. I ordered the Pancake Flight,... pancakes were dry & tasteless, needed more of the ""fillings/toppings, just to try to eat them. 
My husband ordered an omelet that had jam, sausage, and cheese in it. The sausage had a weird taste, ham was good, and so were the hash browns. 
We aren't going back, rather spend $30 somewhere else for a better meal."
"Stopped by Snooze for a last-minute late brunch and was pleasantly surprised by not only the options on the menu for breakfast but the colossal glasses for mimosas.

Ordered an omelette with avocado, bacon, and swiss, along with this perfectly crispy, onion-filled hash brown."
"As we walked up to the restaurant we smelled the wonderful aroma of breakfast that woke me up!
The staff who was friendly, courteous and professional sat us down immediately. The servers were very prompt and friendly. Our server recommended the the OG French toast which was the best French toast I have had in years.

The entire family enjoyed their breakfast and really loved the decor and vibe of the restaurant !
We can't wait until they open one in SoCal.

I recommend this restaurant to everyone!!!! I can't wait to come back to AZ to enjoy an amazing breakfast!"
"Look, I get it, sometimes places are just so busy it's hard to be on top of your game. We were told our wait for a table would be five minutes but after waiting patiently for forty-five minutes I finally went to the hostess and she said we had been sat already. Well, I'm here to say we haven't so either someone took our table when our name was called or what I think is our name was never called and we got skipped. We waited right by the door and never heard our name. The hostess didn't take our phone number because it was supposed to be a very short wait to begin with. The hostess did immediately get a table for us because of the mishap. Our experience would have been redeemed had the food been better. My husband did really enjoy his Sandwich I Am. I got the French Toast Neat, it came with a marzipan cream rather than butter and the bread used was a bit too dense. The hash browns are highly onion flavored. But worst of all--there was a long curly hair on the French toast, what? Ew. I am disappointed because Snooze came so highly recommended by local friends. Honestly, the best part of our experience was how wonderful our waiter was. Sadly, I am not sure I will give this place a ""next time."""
I enjoyed the Mmm Mmm Mimosa. Ordered the French toast neat with hash browns. Everything was delicious and the wait staff was very nice!
"I can totally see why my friend was reading about this place! My husband and I went there for breakfast and our food was spectacular! You may think, breakfast it's so plain and boring but not at this place! Our pineapple pancake was delicious and my scramble was to die for! We will definitely be back!"
"So it's a Monday .... I have been a snooze customer at this specific location since they opened and until today I haven't had a horrible experience. I'm not the type of person to write a review , which I suppose that's how it starts! 

Today my boyfriend and I got sat as soon as we walked in the door, which is always nice .... 5 minutes goes by.... no server. 10 minutes goes by, the tables around us are being attended and yet we still don't have a server. Not once ""hey, I'll be with you in a minute!"", nothing . 15 minutes and someone walks by and asks if we have been helped , which at this point I'm beyond irritated , which it's not this persons fault but ""Alex"" who has been to tables on either side of us , is now aware we are waiting... 5 more minutes and still nothing . Needless to say, we left. As we left I let the hostess know and I felt bad for her with a this look of panic on how to handle the situation and all she could come up with was ""I'm sorry"" ."
"I think I've become a master at avoiding lines. Perfect example was breakfast here. We came in waited 5 minutes and were seated. 

30 minutes into the meal I notice all these people standing by the door, outside the door, around the door. Whoops we hurried and ate. There was a lot of peer pressure from those people waiting to hurry and eat. Needless to say get here before the 9am rush. 

I still dream about their hash browns. They were crispy yet soft and flavor full yummy in my tummy. They're Bloody Mary was spot on too. If you glance to their bar you can see that they infuse their vodka right at home. Delicious and boozy!

I wanted to try their pancakes but pancakes and Bloody Mary yuck. So instead I had their pretzel breakfast sandwich which was quite delicious. My plate was wiped clean in 10 minutes or less. Which is not that healthy to eat that fast."
"This is by far my favorite breakfast spot when visiting Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Food is reasonably priced and the service is warm and friendly.  If you are visiting the area and want a good breakfast spot, then search no further."
"The Good: 

The restaurant itself has a fantastic midcentury vibe with lots of open windows and nifty seating. The menu was packed with so many delicious-sounding choices that I had a difficult time choosing just one. Fortunately they would let you sub a pancake for your breakfast side so I got to choose two! The food itself was magical; everything tasted exactly right and the portions were perfect for a filling meal.

The Bad:

First off, we were told there'd be a ~20 minute wait to get in. I understand and have no big problems waiting at a busy restaurant, I even thought it was pretty whiz-bang that they'd take my number and text me when a table was ready. Half an hour later my phone was still silent so I checked in and it turns out that the girl had noted my phone number incorrectly. To her credit she seated us immediately after discovering the mistake.

Once seated one thing became immediately clear: this is a *noisy* restaurant. There were parties of boisterous, energetic folks whose voices followed suit, and I'm okay dealing with that. The problem is that the restaurant pumped in loud pop music on top of that, so there wasn't just the din of a busy restaurant but a cacophony of conflicting noises. If you are hung over or otherwise want a quiet meal this is not the right place for you.

The Manic Pixie Dream Girl (google it) who served us was nice enough, but seemed eager to leave the table every time she engaged us and ended up missing small details like the coffee my dining partner ordered and later cream for that coffee. Fortunately my dining partner had pre-loaded on complimentary coffee during our too-long wait for the table otherwise violence may have ensued. 

The Weird:

While waiting for our table some old guy came walking up with his pot-bellied pig on a leash, the pig wearing a Snooze AM teeshirt. I don't always expect to see my breakfast before eating it. 

TL;DR:

I have a full tummy, but dealt with too much noise and neglect to be satisfied with the meal or the experience."
Awesome brunch we had. Amazing place for a familia. Must try in Phoenix. Most importantly their produce is responsibly sourced which sets them apart.
"OMG! From the moment when we arrived, I knew this place was going to be good!  I didn't mind having to wait nearly an hour before our name was called and we took our seats! Since I'm not from the Phoenix area, I have not heard of the breakfast offerings at Snooze, but I was pleasantly surprised! The retro decor was a nice surprise and wait staff was attentive and very helpful on this our first visit. I had the OMG French Toast and it was very delicious. So delicious that I forgot to snap a picture  of my plate before I indulged in the sweet goodness of the dish.  The toast was moist, not overdone and full of flavor. I also noticed that it was just the right amount of sweetness for my tastes.  To drink, I enjoyed a latte.  I forgot which one exactly but it was pleasant and just as good. I enjoyed this visit and will definitely visit them again!  I only hope that they open a location in San Antonio soon!"
"Went for breakfast yesterday. It was a long wait but they have a full bar, free coffee and plenty of seats for waiting. I had Mmm..Mmm mimosa and my boyfriend had the spicy Bloody Mary. I had the scramble bacon and barbacoa and it was delicious. The other 3 people I was with had Juan's tacos, Bella Bella Benny and the chilaquies (spelling?) Benny. It was excellent and I would go back again."
This place is so delicious! The server was fabulous and the food and drinks were perfect! Definitely a place we will come back to next time we are in Scottsdale! The Reuben & Kale salad were very good!
"It's pretty swell Snooze has meat(less) options for us herbivores. 

Our waiter was friendly and kept our cups full... which I'm realizing now is something I weigh heavily when considering a place to munch at. 

The lines are almost always insane so just kept that in mind when going. It's a good indication of the grub they offer but not best when you're famished"
"Had the huevos rancheros on Friday. The black bean mix was COLD!  Terrible. 

I've had good breakfasts here before but this was awful."
Never disappointed here. Great breakfast and lunch. Creative offerings. Food is high quality and the service is the best. Friendly staff and management that is willing to take care of every need.
Fantastic food and service. We sat at the bar and didn't have to wait the quoted 45 min wait for a table. Bartenders we're super friendly. Had the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and it was phenomenal!! Also tried out the mimosas and bloody mary's. Will definitely recommend and be back!!
"I got the standard eggs, ham and hash brown. It was absolutely delicious. My sister had an omelet with ham and mushrooms and said it was very good. Also said the coffee was good. Our server Angela was phenomenal. Made sure we were taken care of. Definitely coming back."
The menu has some great items! If you like benes and pancakes you gotta check this place out! The little touches make the ambience of this spot special. I mixed up my benes and got two great flavors! I love that because I love tasting multiple flavors. It's like ordering one flavor and picking off my husbands plate without stealing his food! I'm excited to go back soon and discover something new on this robust menu!!
"Decided to try this place out for breakfast based on past Yelp reviews. The food was delicious and didn't too long to come out of the kitchen. The disappointing thing was that the service we experienced was bad, it took a while for them to acknowledge us, the server couldn't answer simple questions about the menu, and didn't come by to check on our table to refill drinks and make sure that we were ok."
"Had a business breakfast here. Very busy but efficient service. Food is very good. Had the breakfast pot pie w poached eggs. Prepared well and so tasty!! The entire group enjoyed it very much. Would definitely return. Gets a big mix of locals, tourists and business people. Expect s short wait but they get you in quickly.  Enjoy!"
"The coffee is really amazing here!  Went on a Saturday and was seated within 10 minutes of my arrival. Had the French toast and it was good. Definitely will return. Only complaint is the acoustics of the space, it was really difficult to carry on a conversation because of the noise level."
"Cool vibe however, my mimosa wasn't cold, my food wasn't warm and the pancakes were dry --- other than the pineapple upside down pancake. A little bit over priced for what you're getting."
"Would give it 5 stars for the food, service and ambience but have to knock it down a star because of the long wait times to get in.  C'mon please take reservations and make everyones life easier.  The hash with green chilies in it is to die for.  They also make a killer bloddy mary. I understand they are getting ready to open a place in Tempe. I can only imagine what the wait time will be like there.  They also carry a few beers but the choices don't make sense. I'm sorry but who wants to drink a big IPA for breakfast, they'd be better off selling San Tan's Mr. Pineapple, Papago's Orange Blossom or Sonoran's Vanilla."
"Snooze is my new favorite breakfast place! Lots of healthy choices for every liking. Gluten free, dairy free, vegan. A little pricey, but the service and quality are awesome!"
"It's a bit pricey but good.n Substantial servings!  Coffee can be inconsistent but servers are great & helpful.  Can be noisy but breakfast on the patio this month would be amazing!  A manager who cares about her store, too.  Considerable wait on weekends...."
"One disappointing moment after another. 

Starting with putting our name on the list had to confirm 3 times we were a party of 4. We get called and the hostess tried to sit us at a table for two. We are left standing there waiting while she figures it out. 

We get a table make our drink orders. My husband orders a soda and he's brought a coffee. Not a big deal but a big sign of what's ahead. Soda refills came easily but had to pretty much beg for a coffee refill.

Next up we order breakfast and it arrives and my 6 year old son's order was wrong. Something that should be fixed very quickly instead took about 20 minutes for his correct order to come out. But to make it better our waiter comes over 3 times to say it's not his fault and the manager tells us it's delayed because she had people not want to come to work because of the PF Chang marathon. None of this is my problem.

The rest of us had correct orders but none of it was hot. Not a single thing that hit out table was warm. 

We won't be back."
"So... good! Found this place as a recommendation of a friend and they did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and I love the atmosphere. There was a bit of a wait, but they text you when your table is ready. Next tome I'm in town, I'll definitely come back for more of their pancakes. Especially the pumpkin ones."
"Pretty good food, open air atmosphere and good service.

The wait time was about 45 minutes but with plenty of places to shop or window shop why not wait.

Tried their coffee (Guatemalan) which was strong but so good.

Shared some pancakes with a friend, the peanut butter pancake was delicious, the chocolate chip was good too but a bit sweet with the chocolate. 

Ordered the pot pie breakfast and it was a egg over easy (your choice really) gravy with sausage over a flaky crispy flour bed, tasted like biscuits & gravy to me. Hashbrowns were ok, nothing amazing there.

The staff is good, this morning most waitresses were dressed as Disney Characters which was nice. 

They have a bar that serves alcohol as well if you need a nice pick me up."
Long wait but worth it.  Love the pancake flight. One of the best breakfast places in the area.
Thanks toYelp for the great reviews and let me add to it as well. Waited 30 minutes on a Saturday super friendly wait staff and hosts. Spicy Bloody Mary was great but I wish it had a few more garnish like olives and celery.  Had the breakfast tacos with chicken sausage and it was fantastic.  Wife had the make your own omelet which was also very good.  Hate to keep giving kudos since there goes the wait times but this will be our place for a great breakfast.
The Ham Benedicts lll was ok. The ham was very tasty but the hollandaise sauce lacked the lemony taste I expected and was too thin.
"OMG... I have my new breakfast spot! The wait was definitely worth it. We got the pancake sampler I could've had that as a meal! So flavorful...
 They even have alcoholic coffee drinks. 
But be careful! Summer strong enough for a 4 PM happy hour drink!
I love the fact that on the menu you can do a mix-and-match. I tried to different Benedict dishes and both were amazing! This is definitely a place you want to visit if you love a good breakfast spot but they do get busy fairly quickly. They are busy from open to close. But it's definitely worth it Service was stellar!"
"What can I say, this place is AWESOME! First of all the decor is retro and 80's music is playing which is fun and really puts you in a good mood in the morning. Our server, Corey, was really cool and offers great suggestions. The food was nothing short of amazing, just as good as your grandmother's cooking. This place is the BOMB!"
"4 Stars because I've only been here once.

Pancakes on point!
Breakfast Sammys for the win!

I mean, just yes, yes, go here and indulge! All of the Pancakes were amazeballs and the Breakfast Sandwiches were made with such fresh tasty ingredients and they weren't greasy or sloppy like a lot of Breakfast Sandwiches. I also really enjoyed the Hash Browns, crispy and also not greasy so yay. 

It's pretty cute in here, the service was great, food came out at a reasonable pace and it was clean. If you're trying to eat healthy, although this place tastes like it uses fresh ingredients, their offerings aren't too healthy; and really you have to come here for the unhealthy tasting goodness anyway.

Oh and P.S Houstonians who see this review, there are plans to open one here soon!"
Where's the beef! Pretty much sums it up when I ordered the Reuben sandwich. There was hardly any meat on it at all! There is a picture of the Reuben sandwich on this web page. but that's not what I got at all the meat that is in the picture is about 75% more than what I actually got. As I was walking out I saw there must have been 4 other people that ordered the same sandwich and all felt bad for them. Granted the sandwiches only about 10 bucks but I would have rather pay 15 for a lot more meat and then satisfied for what I paid for. I felt like the meal was really only worth about a $1.50. I really hope that they read the reviews and correct it as this is a popular sandwich. And I would have been a lot better with a lot more meat .
"Such a cool retro little place. The French toast was amazing. Had a little issue with the hash browns though, mother in law found herself eating a bunch plastic, but the waitress took a couple of dollars off the bill. Definitely recommend the French toast over the pancakes; best thing on the menu!"
"Best breakfast I have ever had, wow! They should be proud of what they have accomplished here. Please don't lose your focus as you grow."
"best breakfast I've had in a long, long time. 

what I love about this place is how customizable it is. the menu encourages you to get creative. don't worry about messing up a combination, because it's darn near impossible to go wrong here!

this was my first time experiencing a ""pancake flight"" and let me tell you - I hope it's not my last. pancakes were really unique, e.g. pineapple upside down cake, blueberry danish, sweet potato, etc. pineapple was my favorite. 

they have almond milk, which is always a plus. 

friendly wait staff, despite being crazy busy on super bowl sunday AM. 

I will definitely be back here next time I'm in the area!"
"Snooze is my absolute favorite breakfast place in the country...hands down!  I have now been to their locations in San Diego, Denver and Phoenix...ready to tackle more locations too!  This time I tried the pancake flight of strawberry malted, blueberry danish and peanut butter cup pancake...all I can say is yummy!  If you haven't tried the peanut butter cup pancake, you are most certainly missing out!  

The wait can be long, but definitely worth it!"
"Holy crap, 70 min from requesting a table till food served. The food and service was good. But maybe I won't pick Saturday to have breakfast here."
"If you're into sweet specialty pancakes, snooze is the move. Hands down, the best pancakes I've ever had.

I have had the pineapple upsidedown, the sweet potato, the blueberry danish, and most recently, the blackberry sublime pancakes. 

The blackberry sublime is my new front runner- it has key lime pie filling, blackberries, graham crackers, and mascarpone whipped cream. Just as amazing as it sounds. 

If you're into something more savory, I would recommend the breakfast pot pie and the sandwich I am (basically eggs Benedict on a pretzel roll)."
"Amazing food, great service, and friendly people. Their pancakes are amazing and if you like hash browns you have to try their famous 'tower'"
"AMAZING! Great food, service & drinks! Went with my vegetarian friend and we split a pancake flight (pb cup, chocolate chip and danish blueberry which was the fav) and a burrito with soyrizo + the mmm mosa and dirty drunk chai. Went on a Friday morning so only had a 10 min wait, recommend a week day if you can swing it!"
"I had the tacos.  They were life changing.  I really think you should order two.  But in all seriousness, this place is great.  I was here on business and belly'ed up to the bar.  The service was quick and the food was delicious."
"I can't believe people wait 90 minutes to eat here. Maybe it was just an off day but I was disappointed. Bad service and bad food. If you can't cook eggs correctly, than you have no business serving breakfast."
"So incredibly delish!

Went here on a Saturday with two friends - totally excited for the possibilities of good breakfast!  They had both been to a Snooze before in CO so had talked up the food greatly before we headed out.  I always worry that I'm being oversold and it won't live up to the hype - I was wrong!  Everything was fabulous.

The décor is super cute here - I love anything with a vintage, retro vibe.  Cool colors and the jacks on the wall and the booths.  I liked the outdoor seating and the windows that are always open.  

The food - one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  We three decided to split a few different plates: flight of pancakes, eggs benedict, and breakfast sandwich.  The flight of pancakes is a great idea and perfect for sharing.  We had three different flavors: pineapple upside down, flavor of the day (lemon & blueberry w/oats), and a chocolate decadent masterpiece.  I loved them all equally.

So now I'm left to dream of more visits to Snooze and what fabulous breakfast to try next.  I think I know what I'm doing on Saturday!"
"I want to give this place more. I really liked it, food was high quality, wait was good for a Sunday morning for two people, atmosphere is awesome, but the benedicts are really poor portion size for the cost."
"Been there twice, once during rush, once during slow period. Both times the service was slow and not attentive.  The menu is typical but has a few surprises, Nutella thank you very much.  Food is good, but long waits, and more importantly below average service makes me a bit stand-offish."
"I love Snooze!!  I've been to  their San Diego, Denver and now Phoenix spots.  Bennies are mud avorite item on the menu. With sliced tomatoes, of course."
"Hands down the BEST brunch place I have been to! The sweet potato pancakes with ginger butter, the French toast and their frittata was SOO yummy! Waiting for them to open in SF."
"So I braved coming back to Snooze (on a Friday to avoid the weekend brunch crowd) and I have to admit, I actually LOVE the food here.  What comes out of that kitchen is freaking amazing.  I haven't had anything but benedicts, pancakes, and hashbrowns and they are, no exaggeration, the best benedicts, pancakes, and hashbrowns I've ever had anywhere.

Not sure if it was the fact that I was there during the work day on Friday or if my last visit was a complete fluke but my mom and I ordered at 10:44 and got our food (two benedicts) in about 10 minutes, which was a huge improvement from the last time I went (on a Sunday), so I feel I need to upgrade my review based on that experience which was definitely 5 Stars.

Yes there is a wait for a table, because the food is really, really good.  But they are SUPER accurate with their wait times so you should know what you are getting into before putting your name on the list. Plus there's an amazing Nordstrom Rack next door so in my opinion the wait is more like a welcome invitation to shop.  They text you when your table is almost ready, and there is plenty of stuff to do in Town & Country so it goes by pretty quickly, and as long as the food comes out as quickly as it did last time, the food is totally worth it."
"Went here for the first time this weekend and I will definitely be back! 

Very cute and open decor with a large friendly staff.  There was a little bit of a wait when we arrived but it was worth it! 

From there signature drinks to take on brunch, I think this place is definitely sticking around.  I had just an original mimosa w/oj but they offer many other juices to mix.  For my entree, I opted for the Snooze Spuds Deluxe: A heaping portion of our hash browns, covered with melted cheddar & jack cheese, scallions plus two veggies , meats, or combo of your choice. (taken directly from their menu) So good and our service was fantastic. 

I would eat here every morning if I could!"
WE LOVE SNOOZE!! The food is outstanding... it's always one of those meals that you wish would never end! Their Bloody Mary selection is unlike any others I've seen. The staff is always on their toes and give great service!!! Everything about Snooze is what you would be looking for on the weekend or for lunch!
"I loved Snooze in Denver but this one has let me down. The food is really good but we've been here 6-7 times and the service is always terrible. I've been a server and I know everyone can have an off day, that's why I've put off writing this. But I have a 2 year old and a 1 year old and good service is important. 
At least on one weekend when it was bad they brought us a complimentary pancake and had a balloon artist but this morning it took 30 minutes to get our food! After waiting for 30 min to get seated and another 30 for our food my kids, husband and I were not happy. Also seeing our server just standing around talking was not great when we needed something. I do like the food, the atmosphere is a bit noisy but that's fine with kids. But after having terrible service so many times we won't go back."
"Pros: Happen'n place. Very nice layout both inside and out and kid friendly. Has an homage to the old diner with a soda fountain feel to it but with modern upscale elements. Tons of staff. Food was fresh.
Cons: I informed the hostS at the front that I was walking by and intrigued so was a first timer and wanted to sit at the bar. The staff is all very young and didn't know to have a manager come by and ask how my meal was. No one ever asked.
I ordered the Fall Greens which is supposed to be a spinach and arugula salad with roasted pears, goat cheese, crispy prosciutto, shaved fennel, candied walnuts and champagne vinaigrette (add a poached egg (2)).
Pros: salad greens were fresh and delicious, goat cheese fine, candied walnuts not overpowering (possibly crushed and delivered in dressing?) perfect level of sweetness. Prosciutto was nice and crispy but tasted like it was half bacon.
Cons: Pears were very under-ripe and not roasted at all! Inedible! Grilling might have carmelized them making them edible, but that requires time and forethought under the broiler or on the griddle. Very disappointing! I tasted no fennel (which I love) and I suspect it was not present. I ordered poached egg as extra and realized that it was $2 for one simply poached egg delivered on the side after my salad. I felt gauged. $2 for a simple poached egg on the side of a $10.50 salad is too much!
Total assessment: Didn't deliver on roasted pears and fennel, cheated on prosciutto and egg. Salad and one egg with coffee: $16.25 without tip. Won't go back."
Amazing breakfast place! Cute updated diner atmosphere-great coffee. Full bar and lots of recommended breakfast beverage combos. Waiter Alex took great care of us. Tried two Benny's and pancakes- super yummy! Spuds delicious!!!! And everything was perfectly seasoned-sure wish we had one in Las Vegas
"Overall a really good breakfast.  But, really poor execution.  

Took way too long to get our waitress to our table after being seated. Clearly looked like our actual waiter was late to work and the rest of the staff tried to pick up the slack. 

Nearly $10 for Corned Beef Hash and the portion is rather small.  Definitely not enough potato to meat ratio. 

Hello ... Ever heard of a plate warmer?  Pancakes do not stay warm on a room temp plate.  The chocolate cherry daily special was delicious. But, half way through the meal even the best pancake is disappointing cold.  Same with the Pineapple Upside Down pancakes. Really good, but not cold. 

Finally, loud grudge crap music has never been ""cool"" - ""hip"" - or whatever term you want to use in a breakfast joint. Who wants to have their hearing assaulted in the morning?"
Was pleased with the atmosphere and service. Food was outstanding. Loved the welcoming attitude on the patio towards people with dogs.  This is a place I will go back to often.
"Snooze is a lovely restaurant for breakfast and brunch. A little more expensive then I like on a weekly basis, but once every few months is a real treat. Good food, massive portions, yummy drinks. There's sometimes a wait, but the shopping plaza is lovely and they will text you when the table is ready. There's lots of pokestops and you can reach a gym from inside."
Great food! The Bella Bella Benny and OMG French toast are amazing. Cappuccino was delicious as well. Awesome service by Charles! Fun atmosphere. Will be back!
"This was the best breakfast place I've been to in a long time and had to come all the way from Michigan to find it! The food was amazing...had a hard time picking only one thing from the menu, so I picked two! Their Benny Duo where you could choose two different eggs benedict's. My boyfriend got the seasonal Steak Sweet Potato dish, both of our favorites! It was delicious, would have gone back if we were staying longer. The service was also great, very quick and attentive."
"Should you try this place? 
Sure.

Is the food good?
I wasn't amazed

Would I come back?
Eh."
"Unbelievable,  one of the best breakfast spots I have ever been too.  Any of their Bennys are amazing.  I had the ham and the beef Benny,  so good!  I will make this a regular spot for me.  Love it!"
"Bangkok Bloody Mary, helping my recovery aches from the CrossFit Open 14.5 workout. They also let you split your eggs Benedict order so you can end up trying two kinds of their bennies. Super friendly staff, nice open environment with plenty of fresh air. Genius!"
"I am only leaving 4 stars because the place is soo damn loud you can't hear your table mates. The gluten free blueberry pancakes I had were fantastic!!! Better than Butters.... Which is where I usually go. Service was good, and waitress was busy, but attentive. Ambiance of course was loud, but the decor in the place is absolutely right up my alley!!! Id love one of those round tables and round booths for my own kitchen!!! Will definitely return!!"
The OMG! french toast was the BEST french toast that i've ever had in my life!!!! It's a must try. Everything was absolutely wonderful. Friendly service from the host and at the bar with a beautiful atmosphere. I can't wait to come again.
"If this were my last breakfast--- Id be happy. Absolutely the best egg white, spinach, red pepper and bacon omelette I've ever eaten. Delicious! Worth the wait. If you're lucky you can grab a seat at the counter. Not s long of a weight."
"How the mighty have fallen. :(  I reviewed this restaurant several months ago as I was making it my 'go to' daytime restaurant.  I had a couple of not so great experiences but at least I had an experience.  True, I had visited during quiet periods so service was always good.

Today is my birthday. A friend asked me where she could take me for lunch and I eagerly said 'SNOOZE', please.  She arrived first at 11am and requested a table for two. She was told there would be 15 - 20 minute wait.  I arrived at 11.20am.  By 11.30am we started to get hungry. My friend also noticed others who had come in behind her were being seated. At 11.35am she asked the young hostess who discovered she had removed the table request as the number was no good - she had taken down the wrong number.  Her apology was lacklustre and blase. We were promised a table 'soon'.  We waited another ten minutes until the crowds thinned and everyone behind us had been seated.  A rude young woman approached and said we were 'at the top of the list'. She was anything but apologetic.  Perhaps we were too old for Snooze?  By that time we had had enough, our feet were tired and I was holding a birthday bouquet of flowers.  We went to Grassroots where we should have gone initially. So many fabulous places in Central Phoenix and we chose Snooze.  Never, ever again.  So disappointing.   On the other hand, Grassroots, whilst not a breakfast eatery, provided delicious food and outstanding service."
"A good chain restaurant to enjoy those traditional (fatty) breakfast favorites. Quite possibly the best-tasting pancakes in the world. Need more healthy options, though, as well as a more complete coffee menu. (Their coffee drinks are not good.)

The biggest challenge with Snooze is the incredibly long wait to be seated --as much as 2 hours on weekends. Also, the foods on the menu should be a rare treat, not regular fare."
"I just had lunch at Snooze today.  I had a great experience during lunch a few weeks ago.  The food was fantastic.  The waiter at the bar was great and very helpful.  The manager on duty was outgoing and friendly.  Unfortunately, today was the total opposite.  The waiter/bartender was nice and friendly.  That's were the good times stopped.  I guess the cook(s) were ready to call it a day.  I had a simple order....french toast, 2 eggs over medium, and bacon.  The french toast was just toast with powder sugar sprinkled on top.  I can't believe the cook tried to pass this off as french toast.  I think the bartender was embarrassed.  She quickly returned it for me.  The bacon was badly under cooked.  I returned that item, too.  It came back over cooked.  I would have been embarrassed to serve this meal at home much less serve it to a paying customer.  It will be awhile before I return to Snooze.  I work in the area and there are too many options to have to settle for this.  Thankfully, the waiter/bartender was very pleasant."
"Crazy good!   Now we are crazy full!   Our server Britt was very helpful, responsive and a delightful person.  We had green eggs and hamwich, breakfast burrito,  sammy I am, and flight of pancakes.   Place has a cool vibe and a good pace of service.   Great meal and experience.   Would come back in a heartbeat."
"Awesome! There's nothing I like more than a hip Breakfast joint, and even more so a hip breakfast joint with a liquor license! Snooze had it all! Really cool retro/ jetson vibe.  Really bright colors, orange, yellow! Sunny and happy! We sat at the bar only had about 45 minutes before our flight home.  Melinda ( I think) was really great, friendly and took great care of us and was fun to chat with. I had a great chili infused tequilla iced cinnamon coffee and a grapefruit, pama, elderflower MIMOSA! So fun! Also, their Champage was on draft!!! Food was great too! I had the winter harvest eggs benedict and really great bacon! Wish we lived closer! I would totally be a regular! Thanks for a fun time!"
"My roommate and I decided to try this place for a late brunch on a Saturday.  The wait was about 40-50 minutes but that was something we expected. Luckily they text you when your table is ready so we did a bit of shopping while we waited. Our waitress was really nice and attentive despite the morning rush. I ordered the Ham Benedict III which was absolutely delicious, and my roommate had the Sandwich I Am which was also very tasty. Both came with hash browns that were amazing! It was a tiny bit loud, but otherwise a very pleasant atmosphere!  Overall a great experience, I will definitely be back."
"Food is excellent.  Wait was long.  30+ minutes so they offered complementary coffee.  I brought my complementary coffee to the table and was offered a refill, and when they brought the bill, they charged me for it.  I didn't say anything because the food and the service was so great, but a bit miffed that my ""complementary"" coffee became $2.75."
"Phoenix is doing breakfast the right way at Snooze! The menu offers something for everyone.  

I had the eggs Benedict III. The cheese hollandaise sauce was out of this world. High points go to the hash browns. I am still thinking about them several days later. 

My companion had a delicious omelette with the pineapple pancake that was to die for. 

Great venue for casual or business breakfast meetings. With we had this in Portland!"
It's annoying they don't do reservations or call ahead seating but oh well you can shop nearby shops while you wait. I wouldn't recommend this place for large groups as the tables are small. However! The food is fresh and excellent. Pancakes are to die for! I recommend all of their pancakes (I tried several) and the B.E.A.T sandwhich.
"The service was absolutely terrible.  The servers were doing their checkouts while our drinks died in the well, 15 minutes for a glass of champagne, 10 for my greyhound.  The saving grace is how delicious the food is.  Our server was very friendly, but everyone else in the restaurant seemed ""checked out."""
"Phenomenal.  First time here with my two best friend,  the bloody Mary,  mojito,  Bennies and pancakes so delicious. I had the Bangkok bloody Mary and Benny Goodman with Cinnamon crunch pancakes,  amazeball!"
"Went on a Wednesday at 10:00AM and had to wait 30 minutes. Honestly I don't get why. We sat at the bar and the service was slow. I ordered a Morning Dew which was suppose to have Snooze Sparkling, Fresh Honeydew Juice & St. Germain Liqueur. I did not see the first bubble. The drink was warm and it lacked flavor.  We waited about 20 minutes for the food and quite honestly it was just ok if that.  I have had so much better. The Corned Beef Hash was the best out of all of the dishes we had.  Bella! Bella! Benny was flavorless; don't  bother with the house hash browns they lack flavor as well. I wanted to try a pancake but was undecided so I let the bartender  surprise me. She picked the Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes which was...meh.  I almost felt it was a bit underdone. 

In all the experience does not have me wanting to go back which is disappointing as I was looking forward to a great breakfast/lunch place.  I just do not get all the hype... everything was just mediocre."
"Delicious and easy to navigate a dairy allergy (waa waa). I ordered the Chile Verde Benny without the hollandaise and cheese but it was still so tasty! I split my entree with a fellow dairy avoider, who ordered the Quinoa breakfast bowl sand goat cheese. It was a perfect consistency of roasted vegis, quinoa and eggs. Friends I was with ordered the Huevos Rancheros (I tried some of the beans) and it too, was so flavorful. Although we were inside and it was quite loud, the food was worth it that day. I only got one picture - of my friends food - I was too excited to take one of my own."
"I love a good breakfast and double points for having a great environment including the music (i.e. Snow Patrol, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Metric) playing.

I had the Sam I am Sandwich on the pretzel bread (don't want to think about the calories) that comes with a spicy hollandaise- D-lish!

the soy latte was really great as well

will definitely be frequenting this place"
Delicious! The flight of pancakes was amazing! I can't wait to go back and try the breakfast pot pie!
"I ate at Snooze today with 4 friends after building up a strong appetite for comfort breakfast food and bubbly mimosas after a wonderful hike. Every food dish on the table looked spectacular, and when I have a pancake craving I know where to come back, as these pancakes are something special! I was hungry and went for the loaded hash browns with scallions, cheddar, over easy eggs(or your way), plus your choice of 2 mix ins (I chose 3; wild mushrooms, sausage, and gravy).. I couldn't finish the meal as it was a perfect portion as my leftovers made for an amazing dinner tonight as well... Thank you Snooze for awesome food! Seriously delicious!!"
Literally would come here every Sunday! I am never disappointed in my order and absolutely love the staff. Everyone is so nice and it has such an amazing vibe. All the staff is dressed super chill and that makes it so much more comfortable than most places. Definitely recommend going here for a good breakfast! Get there early though! It's ALWAYS busy! There's a reason for it obviously
"Great atmosphere,  friendly fun staff and amazing food ! I love all the food here but my favorite would have to be the verde Benny and Santa fee benny. You can mix and match the benidicts which is awesome for someone who wants both or can't make up their mind.   :) you will wait a while but it is totally worth It, they text you when the table is ready so you can go shop or walk around and best part  there's a coffee bar available while waiting. :)"
"I've been waiting over a 40 min. for take-out, on a weekday in October. Slowest kitchen in the valley. Not worth the wait."
"We have been here multiple times , food and service is consistently good. We usually get a pancake of the day to share, those are always good. It gets super busy here just before 8 am so I would highly recommend to get here little bit earlier."
"Ate here on the recommendation of a friend and was very impressed. The food was fresh, delicious, and quick - even with the packed-to-the-rafters brunch rush.  The wait for the table was a bit long (72 minutes) but well worth it. 

I had the Huevos Rancheros with chorizo. And I'd have it again, and again, and again"
"A regular on my breakfast rotation.  Friendly staff, plenty of seating, and good food for a good price.  One of the very few places that has pineapple juice as a selection, which is a refreshing change from orange-apple-cranberry."
"If you are looking for a healthy breakfast spot, this is the place.  Food was amazing, portions were very large and the service was great.  

If you get there before 9 on the weekend, there is no waiting either.  This place has only been open for a short time but you can't tell my the line of folks waiting for a table."
Always a great experience - food and service. The pancake flight is a must! Out of town guests are always delighted. Definitely worth the wait!
"So delicious!  We've converted everyone we bring here into a snooze fan.

The pancakes are massive and delicious, especially the pineapple upside down and the strawberry rhubarb...oh! and the sweet potato pancake with ginger butter.  

My go to order is-The Breakfast Pot Pie and switch out the toast for a pancake (extra charge, not much though) and it is the best mix of savory and sweet!

Go here!  On a saturday/sunday morning expect an hour wait, but there are shops their like nordstrom rack that you can wonder around while you wait.  
Oh! and they let you have pets out on the patio"
"Came here by myself on a Sunday  and would normally sit at the bar but it was packed.  Sat at a table and waited at least 15 minutes for someone to come by. Server was very nice but seemed over whelmed. I ordered a 3 egg scramble with cheese,  chiles, & spinach & hash browns well done   After waiting another 20 minutes food came and there was more cheese than egg & hash browns were raw. It seems like they use liquid or powdered eggs. Had to flag down someone for hot sauce. Another 15-20 minutes later the very nice server came back to check on me. I asked for another mimosa & mentioned about hash browns and was very apologetic and brought me some well done but I was already done. I will give them another try but I hope management reads the reviews and works out the kinks otherwise they will lose my business."
"They are worth the wait!!!!! During the week the wait isn't too bad, but I definitely love that they text you when your table is ready! The location is nice you can shop around until your table is set, free coffee to drink while you wait. The food has always been amazing! And you wanna mix anything up always ask! They can basically put a plate together for you! The hashbrowns are to die for! And beer drinking friends... I recommend the brewmosa! So good!!!! Love this place and excited to see it expand in AZ!"
"Again. Not impressed.  Why am I brought back to places I don't like! Another friend wanted to have bkfast here.    Cold tacos, bland flavorless, pancakes are heavy and too sweet.   Service felt like it was our bartenders first real job :) had to ask for silverware, more coffee, more water, condiments etc.    I'll try not to come back...  just another chain."
"The good: the pancake flights are fun, the staff is friendly, good service, the decor is cute. 

The not-so-good: the bottom line for me is that this place is just not delicious enough to justify the ever-present wait time. There are so many great brunch places in the midtown area that aren't chains and you won't wait this long. I am willing to wait for something extraordinary, but Snooze just isn't it. I have never had anything at Snooze that was worth the wait time. The food is mediocre. Also, the music- if anyone remembers ""Jock Jams"" from the 90's, that type of music was playing on loop at top volume the last time I was in there. Super obnoxious and a lot to take in the morning."
"I have come to this place on five occasions and every single time I have been let down. Even before they opened and gave me the food for free. Every time there has been a problem. I don't get the whole we make our Hollandaise in the morning crap! So I am eating old sauce? For the price it should be made fresh for each plate. This isn't McDonalds is it? They make it from a make line and they can't make regular Hollandaise at any point because it ""throws off their line."" 

I'm over it, the food is tasty but the staff are always flustered or over worked, and asking for something besides directly what's in the menu is always a fiasco.

The hipster crowd looks just as good as the food but for the price I would choose a different Benedict place for sure. But if you want to be seen at a cool place this is it, but not my type."
"There is absolutely nothing negative you can say about this place. Been to two locations so far and have left in digust...of myself for eating so much. Well my most recent visit I sat at the bar. I ordered and then was asked by a couple to move over one to allow them to sit. of course I did and what was I rewarded with? the ******** received my food and proceeded to eat it, when the server said something they just laughed and acted dumb like my eggs Benedict somehow looked like an eggs Benedict?! Not Snoozes fault but I wanted go fight this couple as I fasted for 22 hours and was STARVING. Well I ended up getting a double FLIGHT of pancakes and my eggs Benny. one of the flights was comped & well I ate it all. The servers and myself were both i impressed & disgusted. but hey it satisfied my sweet tooth & only reassured me that this place is still my no #1 brunch spot even if I come alone every time"
"I am writing this because it has been 2 days and I am still annoyed. I went to Snooze on a Thursday morning at 6:15 believing they were open. I walked up to the door and tried opening it, which it was locked. A lady was cleaning the door and instead of smiling or acknowledging my presence, she completely ignored me. She didn't say what time they were open until I asked and again never smiled. I am a firm believer of customer service and regardless of the situation, if you work in customer service, you should always be kind and considerate acknowledging anyone that helps pay your bills."
Waited over an hour for the table.  Food was good but not worth the wait in my opinion.  Did like that they can cater to the gluten free pretty easily.
"My boyfriend and I gave Snooze a shot this morning. We decided to eat at the bar, which was a great choice because the bartender was insanely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu items. My boyfriend ordered the Neat French Toast, which he scarfed down happily. I ordered a soy latte and the Late Harvest Benny. WOW. The benedict was nontraditional with polenta as the base rather than an english muffin. It had creamy hollandaise, swiss chard, goat cheese, and pine nut bread crumbs sprinkled on top. When I gave my boyfriend a bite of it, he thought it was so tasty that he ate half of my meal because he couldn't put his fork down! 

It's rare to find a breakfast joint with good food and good service, so we were pleasantly surprised to see top-notch service and delicious food at Snooze.

The most wonderful thing about this restaurant is the QUALITY of the food. All of the meats are free-range, the eggs are cage-free, the coffee is through a partnership, the chai (Bhakti) is from Colorado, and the beers are local craft brews. They even have nontraditional quality liquors, and hot sauce from Colorado, too. Again, it's rare to find a restaurant that cares about the source of its food, so I love that Snooze is eco-friendly and environmentally conscious.

We will definitely be back for more!"
I love this place. The food is great   The only thing us older people didn't care for was the music. The service and food was great
"Snooze is a nice place to go if you have a larger crowd to feed because they can accommodate a lot of people and they have a lot of variety on their menu (gluten free, vegan, vegetarian, paleo, etc.) I ordered the cold brew coffee which was deliciously strong. My friends ordered the huevo rancheros, avocado egg toast, and burrito. They all seemed pretty content with their choices. However, some of Snooze's menu items are kind of mediocre for the price and could use some improving. For instance, my friends ordered the Bloody Marys with bacon infused bourbon... and while the bourbon was good the Bloody was completely lacking the fixings (bacon, pickle, olives, celery, etc.). I ordered the sweet potato hash and it was pretty flavorless despite the description reading that it was prepared with truffle oil. I wouldn't write off Snooze entirely, but I definitely would order something different next time."
"Hungry and irritated.... bring calling for 30 minutes to place a carry out order. 4 calls went unanswered and one was answered, I was asked to hold, held for 3 minutes, and got hung up on. Called right back and no answer. For any other restaurant I would have given up after the first 2 attempts, but I love pancakes, so..... I guess IHOP or Denny's will have to do for now ‍"
"I went to Snooze in Denver two and a half years ago and have been dreaming about going back ever since.  I was ecstatic to learn this morning while searching for a place for breakfast that one was here in Phoenix! It was as fantastic as I remembered.  The OMG French Toast was worthy of my dreams the last couple of years.  Fantastic.  

Prepare to wait to get in- but once you're in the service is fast, friendly and fabulous.  Everyone is so friendly.  

They do get your number and text you when your table is ready- which is nice- that means you can shop in the surrounding stores or have one person drop in and put your name down and then come back in an hour when your table is ready."
love this place. go there once a week at least. omg French toast is amazing. I've never had an eggs Benny i didn't love!
This place is by far the best breakfast spot in town! Amazing food and great atmosphere! The fact that they have fun brunch drinks is a plus! I have never had a bad meal! Thanks snooze peeps!
Ran in quickly to get an iced coffee. Paid $3.75 for something so small and wasn't told the price only got my change back. The iced coffee was terrible. Worse coffee ever. Should've drove to Starbucks to get better coffee and service for the same price. Bleh
"The Benedict's are fantastic, but the classic ham is the best. The hash browns were a bit salty, but they were happy to make it without salt. 

They had a sugary pancake special; if you buy it, part of proceeds support the Sunnyslope HS sports program, which I thought was cool. It was actually really tasty (for not having a super sweet tooth,)

Had the Mm mm Mimosa, also delicious. 

Great service, I've been twice now and am happy to return again!"
"First the Bangkok Bloody Mary is one of the best we've had - rivaling Screen Door (Portland) and Hash House a Go-Go (San Diego). Loved the ability to pick two Hollandaise dishes from the menu and chose the meat/Mexican one and the Benny Goodman (lox). Both were excellent, as was the toast, sausage and coffee - no mean feat. A new favorite in Phoenix - in the top few with Farmhouse in Gilbert and Matt's in Phoenix. Wait staff was very friendly - lots of people came over and so it was fun, but wondering if it's really efficient? One point off because the free coffee only comes with plastic cups that were recently washed and frankly looked unappetizing. Paper would be much more sanitary. Nonetheless we'll be back."
Loved this place! Our server was so friendly. The mimosas were excellent! My SIL and I both ordered pancake flights...yum! The pineapple upside down was especially good. I wish we lived in AZ because this would be our brunch spot.
The food looked amazing but I didn't even get as far as a table. The hostess looked at me like I was an idiot just for asking to put my name on the list. I didn't want to be an inconvenience to anyone so we just left.
"Finally tried this place and I see what all the craze is. Yummy!!!! I had the pancake trio (great idea) pineapple upside down, blueberry danish and the sweet potato pancakes. Well the sweet potato pancakes were beyond words. Freaking fabulous!!! The blueberry Danish were very good but the pineapple upside down ones left a little to be desired. I imagined they would taste more like true pineapple upside cake with that wonderful brown sugar caramelized pineapple taste but that didn't happen. They were ok but I think they could do a better job on them. Now back to the sweet potato ones. Absolutely mouth watering. I can't wait to go back in and make them my main event. Service was good and the wait was not bad. Try this place for your next breakfast out you will be glad you did."
"Always great service, super accommodating to food allergies! 
Weekends there is always a wait, so we usually go on the weekends!"
"Normally, i won't wait 60 minutes for a breakfast, but Snooze is worth waiting for. I had the pot pie (bias alert: I love all things with pot pie in the title) and loved their take on it.  Light puff pastry, delicious gravy, topped by a perfectly prepared egg over medium. My wife had the chilaquiles, which were amazing, and we shared the pancake of the day - blueberry! Oh, and I shouldn't forget to mention the Bloody Mary. Not my favorite, but worth a try. Finally, service is great and the atmosphere is perfect. Try sitting at the bar facing squaw peak."
Traveling through Phoenix and found his place through Yelp.  It is FABULOUS for breakfast/brunch!  Great breezy vibe and the service was great.  The menu was varied and the coffee was delicious.  We received a delicious pumpkin pancake on the house for visiting. (Maybe because we said we found it on Yelp?). My husband said the green chili sauce was divine if you like spice added to your breakfast.  He had the Snooze Spuds Deluxe and I had the Breakfast Pot pie.  My daughters had the peanut butter cup pancake and the chocolate chip pancake with hash browns on the side.  They loved them! I highly recommend and we will definitely be back!
"This is my first time at Snooze AZ, and the food is just as I remembered from San Diego.

Like the other reviews have said, the wait, even during the week, gets crazy. We went on a Wednesday at 10am and there was a 45 minute wait... BUT, being the hottest day of the year so far (114) , the patio had no wait. They turned on the misters and with a cup of water, it wasn't bad at all. 

I got the pancake flight, $8, with two Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes and one Flavor of the day. I DREAM about the Pineapple Pancakes. The hash browns are well seasoned, $2, and the kids meal comes with a lot for only $6 (Fruit, eggs, toast, hash browns, juice).

Everything about this place makes me want to come back... every week!"
"Will change or delete my one star review if the next time I eat there I can't here the music from the kitchen being played on top of the music already being played in the restaurant. Food is good but if I have to listen to two songs being played simultaneously I'll go somewhere else. Asked the bartender to have them turn it down and nothing changed. I suppose the atmosphere of the restaurant doesn't mean anything to the cooks. If there is a next time I won't sit at the bar. One. Song. At. A. Time. Snooze.

Edit: most recent visit kitchen music couldn't be heard from the bar."
"I really liked this place! First stop right off the plane and I was satisfied. I had the Mmm Mmm Mimosa, which had a flavoring of Pomegranate, and blueberry pancakes. The pancakes were huge and tasty. Even though I stuck to basics, their menu has a variety of options for both food and drink. I also loved the 60's diner setup in the dining area. We sat outside, which wasn't as fancy, but was still enjoyable."
"This was a tasty fun place. Went on a Saturday and was busy with a 20 minute wait. Lots of upbeat music. The servers were friendly and helpful with the Gluten free info. I had an omelet and GF order of upside down pineapple pancakes and hash browns. Was very good. Unfortunately my wife and I both had to hit the bathroom within a half hour after eating there. She has no gluten issues but I do. IDK, maybe related maybe not."
I loved the atmosphere! We went on a weekday so we didn't have a wait problem. I thought the food was okay but nothing to write home about. Our hostess was not the friendliest but I liked our waiter.
"The food was good,  good variety of food stuffs. Front end staff and waitress were very efficient and friendly. Only major issue was wait time. Apparently this a regulsr issue, so don't go if you're in a hurry."
"First time and it is my new favorite breakfast spot!!!! I couldn't decide which of their amazing pancakes to try and they have a ""flight of pancakes"" which you can choose 3- I tried strawberry rhubarb with marscapone cream, blueberry, and sweet potato which has Carmel sauce and pecans- I still can't decide which was my favorite!! Also the waitress was awesome!! She brought us a ""cake of the day"" to try (apple and nuts topped with a cinnamon pastry) which was amazing (salty and sweet) AND when my husband ordered a Bloody Mary, she brought me a complimentary virgin orange snoozius because I'm 9months pregnant and she knew I couldn't have the alcohol. I will definitely be back and often!!!!!"
"I have visited twice. My timing was good, no wait. Bonus! The food is wonderful. My daughter swears by the pancakes, the usual flavors plus a daily special flavor. The bennies are the best. The harvest and the Goodman are fantastic! The downside has been the service, especially bad on my first visit, better more recently.  Worth the visit."
"Cooper, my rescue chihuahua, and I are always looking for great food where he and I can go together. This place is perfect!

The food was great. I had the French toast and a cup of coffee and he had the bacon. 

I love the attention to detail in the ingredients that is obvious in the quality of the food. 

And all the employees were super nice to Cooper. They made both of us feel very welcome.

We will be back here so I can try other dishes and bring some of my other furkids!"
This place had an amazing atmosphere but there food was mediocre. The beans had a weird taste and I wouldn't order them again.
"Sad to say that I used to love this place, but the food quality and service have taken a nose dive.

For starters, the waitress screwed up the food order. I've been in the food service industry for 20 years and trust me, folks will not think you're incompetent if you write their order down on a little notepad. They will, however, view you as a moron if you do not write it down and their food comes out incorrectly.
She did not checkin with us to see if everything tasted great and the person who dropped the food off bolted away so quickly that we had not a chance of letting her know it was, in fact, not what we ordered.
When the waitress finally dropped the check off, she again ran away, even though the debit card was sitting out on the table prior to her dropping the bill. We sat for 10 minutes waiting for her to return. She didn't. So, my boyfriend got up and interrupted her conversation with her fellow coworkers to have her run our card.
Totally lame. Waiting tables is not rocket science. With so many other delicious options from establishments nearby that offer both quality service and food, we will not be returning. Bummer, snooze."
Great post hike brunch n they are super dog friendly..amazi g food n super relaxing..great staff
"We had an amazing breakfast here our first morning in Scottsdale. I wish I remembered our servers name because he was EXCELLENT, friendly, knowledgeable and offered great recommendations. He also spent some time with us giving us ideas to make our trip wonderful (despite being super busy) and didn't make us feel rushed. When he inquired, we mentioned to him that we had chosen Arizona for a birthday trip & we were so surprised that another server brought out a cinnamon roll pancake as a special birthday treat. This place is busy but it has a great vibe, wonderful food and top notch service."
The shrimps and grits was so bomb I will definitely be coming back for them and there regular breakfast looks really good too and I can't wait to try it out
"Fantastic breakfast! We were here on vacation and made many stops at snooze! Definitely busy, especially on the weekends. Weekdays there usually was no wait, but on the weekend it was around a half hour. They do send you a text on your phone, so you can wander around the shops while you are waiting. 
Their pancakes are the best! Very fluffy and the most interesting flavors! Cinnamon roll is a little different but I enjoyed it! My friend got the breakfast pot pie and loved it! If we are back in town we will be sure to come back!"
"Delicious breakfast here. We split several breakfasts here to see what's best. The big secret is that they offer half orders so if you want a half omelette and pancake you can! Omelette was perfectly cooked. Chilaquiles Benedict was immediately removed from the plate and ingested with fury. Breakfast tacos were a very generous portion as well. Blueberry Danish pancake, pineapple upside down pancake, and the pancake of the day was pumpkin. All outstanding but I think the blueberry was best. Coffee is delicious and strong. Check out the variety of bloody Mary's and mimosas."
"I absolutely LOVED LOVED LOVED this place!!!
Hidden in a strip mall it doesn't look like much from the outside... Inside though was a different story.
The service was outstanding, the servers were friendly and knowledgable. My husband ordered the Bankok Bloody Mary. Amazing! Their AM drink menu is outstanding. My husband ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict. My toes curled in delight. Amazing. I had the breakfast burrito and added bacon to it. The sauce on it was to die for, I mean they brought out the plate and I thought ""this thing is huge, no way I'm finishing it"". Well guess what? I couldn't stop eating. Will come back here again and if I'm ever in Colorado or San Diego, where their other locations are, I'll go there too. I am a fan for life. 
Oh and what a great menu! There's something here for everyone."
"I was so happy I finally got to try this place last week when I met up with a group of friends. I had a great first visit, and now I'm counting the days until a 2nd AZ location opens in downtown Gilbert.

Usually I automatically go for savory breakfast options, but the sweet choices looked so tempting. I finally handed my menu to my 9 month old dining companion, and she pointed to the benedict section. The late harvest benny was delicious, and unlike any other benedict I've ever had. Instead of english muffins, the perfectly poached eggs, goat cheese and swiss chard sat on top of polenta cakes. The cakes were on the smaller side which made them a nice portion size for me. Our group loved the hashbrowns on the side because they were very crisp and had plenty of pepper. 

One friend got the pancake flight (blueberry, peanut butter and apple), and another got the OMG french toast. I was hoping to try a bit, but there was barely a morsel left when they were done. 

I can't wait to go back although I'll still be torn between the sweet and savory choices. I checked with the company, and their ranchero and green chili sauces are all vegetarian."
"Came here for a late lunch in other words brunch!  Brought my family that was visiting us from back home for spring break. 

I've been wanting to give this place a try, but haven't had a chance. I love how cute and modern it is I really enjoyed the decor to the silverware. Also I noticed the hip hop they played which I found kind of funny because it definitely did not fit their customer base here. However this music earned them an extra star lol. I love old school hip hop/r&b. 

We were greeted by the hostess and got seated pretty quickly, that's another thing the employees here are like a bunch of little speedy gonzalezes no joke! We were a group of six. But with 3 6 foot men, yet they chose to sit us down in this little round table in the center of the restaurant. It was pretty tight! 

I ordered the huevos rancheros with their pancake of the day it was some bacon with jalapeño concoction. Which by the way was super delicious! They get all of their food from local farms which is a HUGE plus in my book! I only eat bacon of the source is a local farm. 

Their menu wAs great pretty to the point! Everyone in my group was happy with their meal, but that pancake and that bacon was the biggest talk on our table! Our server was friendly funny and enthusiastic oh and quick! 

Almost forgot to mention their jelly and coffee-yes yes yes!!!! All in all my only downfall was the small table lol but we made it work. I will most definitely come back here!"
"Snooze is so good! I know, I know. It seems gimmicky. The aesthetic is loud, the wait is long. You almost want it to suck so you don't ever have to think about the hype. 

But damn. The pancakes are really where it's at. 
My wife loves the different eggs benedicts, and I think they're good, but it was a little too heavy for me. 

My favorite thing are the blueberry lemon curd pancakes, hands down. So perfectly dense, sweet, and satisfying. 
We also tried the fall seasonal pancakes with pumpkin and pecans (I think) - and HOLY CRAP, that maple butter was so delicious! 

Come here with several people so y'all can share and try everything! It's a good time. And the service is good. 

Explore the shopping center while you wait. Most stores are open by 10 or 11am, so you can browse clothes, groceries, stationary, etc while you wait the 30-45 min for your table."
"My favorite breakfast/brunch in all of Phoenix.  Excellent food, good coffee and nice vibe"
The egg white omelette with three savory flavors (aka meats etc) was really delicious. The hash browns were really golden hash browns cooked to perfection. The mimosas were good too.
"yum, yummity, yum! 

Take a step back into a Jetsons-style-60s-ish diner with amazing ambiance and great food! We we a table of 7 and EVERY one of us received our dishes in a very timely manner all the while staring each other's plates down with envy! There wasn't a single person who left with food remaining on their plate."
"Long wait, but will worth it. The staff was very friendly, very nicely decorated. My mother has celiac disease and I'm gluten intolerant. They were more than accommodating to our needs. We got the sweet potato pancakes with a side of bacon. This was to die for. I will be back every time I venture out to Phoenix. There was a forty five minute wait, but there are plenty of shops to fill your time. Well worth the wait!!!!"
"This new breakfast restaurant from Colorado is awe...some... I was super impressed, and the husband was too. I almost don't want to tell anyone because I don't want to have to wait for hours to eat here (ha.). So, to start, the restaurant is decorated cutely, definitely not reminiscent of the souper salad or whatever that was there before. We sat down and read the story of their coffee...I guess the owner went to Guatemala and personally picked out the coffee they use....pretty cool stuff, also was tasty. Then our waitress came by to see if we were ready, I told her I was between two things, and she said, oh well that's great because we order half and half anything for the same price....I was flabbergasted. What?!?! Yup. You can get half pancakes half tacos or two different types of benedict or half french toast half benedict or whatever.....that is the coolest thing ever!!!! I love variety, so this kinda rocked my socks. I ended up ordering half harvest bene and half chilaquiles bene. The husband got the pineapple upside down pancakes (PS you can get flights of pancakes...3 different types....ahhhh!). The harvest bene was good, had a goat cheese polenta cake, leeks, other fresh veg...with a perfectly poached egg and hollandaise. As good as that was, the chilaquiles was Ah mazing! Delicious roasted beef barbacoa, spicy tomato pico, another perfectly poached egg and a cheddar hollandaise....it was heaven on a plate. Even the potatoes were good (and I'm not a huge breakfast potato fan). The husband loved his pineapple pancakes....he said they were the best pancakes he's had in town...to quote him 'these pancakes were better than any I had on any Hawaiian island.' I will definitely be back and if it's consistently this good, it will be a five star for sure."
"First time here, and I will be back! Friendly service and great food! I ordered the Egg White Frittata, and it was great. More flaverful than anticipated because normally, items off the healthy menu give up flavor, but not this one! It was very light and tasty, with a very pleasant mixture of veggies! Nicely done, and I could see this becoming a regular addition to my routine!"
"* Context: We came to snooze for brunch the last day of our three day extravaganza in Phoenix, celebrating my 30th birthday. 

We rolled into snooze basically dead from a weekend of booze and irresponsible choices. (All parties were of legal age) Dre was taking care of us and right from the first moment she CRUSHED it. We essentially put our lives in her hands as she proceeded to select our orders for us, per our request. She took genuinely great care in asking us questions to help us select the right dish for our current mentality, even bringing us something that was not on the menu which made us feel spectacular! The food here was obviously amazing, but Dre was the highlight of the day for our weary crew of misfit toys. Employee of the year in my book. She went above and beyond to make sure we capped off the weekend in style and we are all eternally grateful.Someone give her a foodnetwork deal!

Thanks Dre!!!!!"
"well after a less than favorable review I was promptly contacted by Rebecca from their corporate offices. she was very interested in what I had to say. She asked if she bought our next meal would we be willing to try them 1 more time? Why not... I'm glad we did. What a difference. Britt, our server was outstanding. The food came out shortly after we ordered. It was hot and fresh. Long story short, I will definitely be going back. Good food and good management."
"Snooze I want to like you more. More for your interesting breakfast combinations...funky vibe and breakfast cocktails. If you don't want to wait for an exorbitantly long time on the weekend. Then don't come here.

Why it is a long wait. The food is good, there Are not enough breakfast places in the valley that serve quality fair. sure. Honestly this is a management/staff problem: 1. Bussing tables is an issue that takes too long for the volume of people. 2. Empty tables.... There needs to be a system of who does and does not want to sit outside. I am seeing about 20 parties outside and 4 empty outside tables. You can't tell me that no one chose outside. We did. Still waiting. This is going to drive business down.
So management of Snooze take note we will not come back until you figure this out."
"Hats off to the folks at Snooze!  The food, service and atmosphere are spot on.  My favorite dish here is the Caprese Eggs Benedict.  I get that almost everytime I am here.  The orange juice is fresh squeezed and very good.  I am not a huge fan of the coffee here, but that is the only thing.  Our server sent over a Pineapple Cream pancake which sounded gross, but was ABSOLUTELY DELICOUS! The food is consistent and great, the service is very good all the time.  Be careful if you come on a weekend morning, try to get there right when they open or be prepared to wait an hour or more!"
"It took a while for us to get seated, but we were there at peak time on a Sunday morning. They were great, texting us when our seats were ready. (We shopped in the meantime, because there were ample shopping choices nearby.)

The entire staff was solicitous, helpful, and the place was HOPPING. The atmosphere was very modern and hipster, but not overly so. Our server and the manager were both fantastic.

Most importantly, let's talk the food. It was outrageously great and uniformly impressive. As a table full of food bloggers, we ordered as many things as we decently could from the menu: spud stack deluxe, breakfast tacos, Bella! Bella! Benny, chilaquiles benny, a variety of pancakes, a hot chocolate, a hot chai, and other goodies. All were perfectly executed, impressive, and seriously lip-smacking. The price for our meal -huge and impressive as it was- was reasonable.

I highly recommend Snooze!"
"This place is just FANTASTIC!! Best place for brunch and breakfast in town.. will be back very soon.. Absolutely LOVED the food, decor, service."
My favorite breakfast in town! We always get our own breakfast and a pancake flight for the table. The sweet potato pancake is amazing! Sometimes a long wait but definitely worth it
"Jonah Jonah JONAH!!! A true gem & gentleman among men! He did so much more than bring us our delicious brunch, he brought smiles to all our faces by being his wonderful self! The food & service was top-notch, and this angel was the cherry on top - making sure we had all we could want to make it a great Sunday brunch. If he is on the clock, you are sure to be well taken care of. Hopefully he will be serving next time we visit so we can sit in his section! Thanks for starting our day off on the right foot, Jonah!!"
"Great food, short wait times, a lot of GF options. The fresh pressed apple juice is AMAZING! Also loved the GF pancakes and seasoned potatoes!"
"Just back from my first visit to Snooze.. First let me start off with the good. Nice job on the physical part of the restaurant. It looks very cute and trendy. You could never tell the space used to be a ""Souper Salads"" location. My one suggestion is for the half walls in the back section. I was dining solo and seated next to the half wall. It makes you feel like you are hidden in a box. In my opinion, it would be better if it was a little shorter so you could see over it to watch the rest of the restaurant. 

Service--my server today was ""server queen"" (what is up with the corny names?) She was friendly, but not exactly helpful. I had done my homework by reading here at yelp before visiting. I made sure to mention right away that I was a ""first timer"", and her only response was to give me more time to look over the menu. I witnessed another waitress give her table a good menu tour.  When server queen came back for my order, I mentioned that I couldn't decide between something ""eggy"" or something sweet. She then mentioned the half and half option. ( I already knew about it, but was waiting to see if she would mention it). I ordered a half portion of eggs benedict and a half portion of the pineapple upside down pancakes.  

Food--After a reasonable amount of time, my food arrived. There were two plates, one with the pancake, and another with the bene and hashbrowns. The food runner even mentioned to be careful because the bene plate was warm. It looked great. I cut into the benedict--the poached egg was cooked perfect---firm white and soft, runny yolk. Unfortunately, the whole benedict was barely warm--same for the hashbrowns.
The menu stated it had a ""smoked cheddar hollandaise"". If there was any smoke or cheddar flavor, it was undetectable. It was a very good hollandaise, just lacking the afore mentioned flavors. Next, I tried the pineapple upside down pancake. The menu for this quoted ""Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes Buttermilk pancakes with caramelized pineapple chunks, housemade vanilla crème anglaise and cinnamon butter"". It had sounded decadent to a sweettooth fanatic. Again, the flavors were very good, but the pineapple chunks were not caramelized at all. Their pale yellow color appeared to be straight out of the can. 

When Server Queen came back to check on things, I asked her if she wanted honest feedback to which she said yes. I mentioned these things to her (temperature of the bene plate and lack of caramelization) and told her I just wanted to let her know so she could make her manager aware. While I did see the manager walking thru the restaurant several times, I did not see her stop by and/or talk to any customers at any time. Needless to say, I did not get a visit to apologize anything. When my check arrived, there was nothing done to make up for the short comings. I did not voice my concerns to get something discounted, but as a restaurant manager, I would want to know of anything wrong so I could hopefully fix the problem. 

I paid my bill (just over $15 with tip for a single breakfast.) I don't mind paying that much, but I do expect some acknowledgement when I voice a concern. As I was leaving, there was the manager and 3-4 employees standing at the front cash stand talking, and not one stopped their conversation to acknowledge my departure and/or say ""thanks, come again""..

Bottom line--I will return because this place has definite potential. They just need to work out some more of the kinks and work on the customer service.

PS.. I looked all over their website to try to find a link to email the company directly, but couldn't find any  place for comments or a link to email them."
"The absolute BEST breakfast experience I've ever had.  Loved the pancakes, loved the Benedict, loved the hash browns, loved the service."
"I really like Snooze. Cam with the whole family and service was great! Had the breakfast pot pie, so good! Its nice to try something new and get rewarded. Need one of these in Albuquerque, NM!"
"It's ok, the food wasn't unique in taste. Staff was great though. 
I got the breakfast tacos. They're ok, but taste wise nothing flavorful. I ordered mushrooms and avocado with it. They barely put any mushrooms on there and then didn't put the avocado. When we asked for it they brought out maybe 1/3 of an avocado so 1 Slides for each taco for $2. 
Grapefruit mimosa was really good."
"We ordered and waited for our food and after two different tables were seated, placed their orders, received their food, paid and left and we still did not have our food yet. Although when it finally arrived it was really worth the wait! The name Omg French toast is very fitting as my boyfriend said ""oh my god"" after the first bite. The Bella Bella Benny was superb and the apple juice AMAZING. I was going to give this 4 stars because the wait, but before we left our server brought us a complementary hot chocolate for being so patient and that small gesture really turned by review around!"
"I've dined here half a dozen times or more. The food is creative and a fresh take on a breakfast menu. 

Service, however, is severely lacking. I completely understand a longer wait for weekends and holidays.

 I've been quoted 2 hours and 15 minutes for Snooze. We mostly eat here on weekdays and it's still 30-45 minutes. The longer wait usually attributes to their ""text"" system which I've never received, only to have my table given away because I wasn't aware it was ready. 

Today, around 10am on Friday, we were third in line at the hostess stand. The first couple was quoted 30 minutes. While the next person was getting checked in, we waited several minutes before a hostess even spoke with us as she was conversing about class schedules rather than inputting us into a wait list.

 Meanwhile during this conversation a two top approached the hostess stand and was sat immediately. 

With so many breakfast restaurants in the area, I'll gladly drive farther to be seated in a timely and orderly manner and negate hostess favoritism."
"We found Snooze back in October in San Diego. After a great breakfast, we told them they needed to open one in Phoenix... lo and behold, it was already in the works! We moved two weeks ago to California, but we had been every Saturday since they opened. Have not had anything I don't like here. The wifey is gluten intolerant so they have gluten free toast and pancakes she loves. It's not on the menu, but ask for the cinnamon roll pancake... just do it. We would get it as an appetizer! Stop reading and try it. It is well worth the 45 min - hour wait."
Stopped here and ordered for pick up. The staff was super friendly and the food was so good. I ordered the corn beef hash and it was up there with some of the best corned beef I've ever had. Brother loved his huervos rancheros and my sister ordered the breakfast burrito and the were very happy with the flavor and portion.
"Very conveniently located for me so I am sorry to say Snooze is just ok. I've tried it twice. Maybe I've had bad luck. Servers were nice but one time pancakes were over cooked (hard on one side, almost burned). The other time I had just had eggs and bacon - and I do have to say the bacon was good. The eggs were unremarkable (but to be fair, scrambled eggs are seldom remarkable). Coffee is restaurant level ok but not coffee place good."
"We popped in here for brunch on our most recent AZ adventure. Of course there was a long wait as others have mentioned, but they take your number and text you when your table is ready so you can mill about and shop at some places nearby is you wish. I love the retro décor, so cute and made you feel like you were some where else. Our server was nice but generally MIA. One of the reasons I gave it 3 stars is that it seems things happen a bit out of order and some tables get served super fast & others seem to be in another time zone slow. Anyhow, I got the snooze spuds deluxe and my guy got the huevos rancheros. I wish the spuds were cooked more, they were soggy & oily and generally not very flavorful. For my 2 fillings I had avocado & pico de gallo, which helped add a little flavor. However, if I went back here I would not order this again. The huevos rancheros was alright, had more flavor than the spud dish. If we ever rolled through one of these places again I'd be willing to go, but would probably opt for one of the pancake or French toast dishes instead. I wasn't all too impressed with the egg dishes. Love the ambiance though!"
"Stopped in for lunch but I get the feeling this is more of a breakfast place so I will have to stop back in for breakfast. The lunch menu is sort of limited , I got a Fall greens salad which was tasty. Clean & inviting facilities, friendly staff, reasonable prices.
Four Stars, I will be back."
The place oversell their service. You can be waiting for a 90 min. Crazy wasting time. Go somewhere else or get there earlier. Not a good experience. Offering to get you the food and you eat somewhere else.
"Food was mediocre. Music was nostalgic pop from the 80's mostly. Fun decor/ atmosphere and friendly service. However, probably would not return again."
"Bangkok Bloody Mary. Do it. They are delicious. 

After trying and failing to get into Snooze on a weekend, we finally made it on a Tuesday morning. There was still a little bit of a wait, but we managed to swing a couple seats at the bar where we stayed to eat. They generally seat the bar as part of the list, but it being a Tuesday and the wait not being very long, the bartender put in a good word and got us some menus. So here is my first bit of advice: if you want to go here on a weekend, make the time for it. Don't arrive starving. The place is regularly packed and on a wait and the food does not come out quickly. Take your time and enjoy. 

I read a lot of great things about the pancakes at Snooze, but when it comes down to it, I am more a savory breakfast type of girl. I went with the eggs Benedict. I could not decide between the Chilaquiles Benedict and the Havana Benny, and so it was a very good thing that they do half orders! The Havana Benny ended up being my favorite; I found the chilaquiles a little bit under spiced for my taste. The hash browns were delicious, though I think the best thing about them was the presentation. 

Overall, the experience was excellent and the bartender went above and beyond to make sure we got the right drinks and the right food."
"Tasted good, ingredients were fresh and of quality. Some people said the portions were small but my breakfast burrito was the same size as a burrito from chipotle! Prices were reasonable too. Great service!"
"Came here for lunch on a weekday because I was working nearby at the Biltmore Resort.  I ordered the breakfast tacos on flour tortillas.  It was really tasty.  I was surprised that they offered a creamy aioli type sauce on the side instead of salsa, since it was tacos, but the sauce turned out to be a good addition to the tacos.  The amount of food was just right for me, which means that most other people would need to order a side or something to feel full.  The food is excellent, but I could do without the loud club music playing over the speakers at noon on a Thursday...."
"Had the breakfast potpie and chili Verde benny. Very solid. The puff was wonderfully flaky and the sunny side up egg was cooked well. The Benny was decent. I prefer a real English muffin over layers of tortilla. Otherwise, taste was still pretty good.

Today there was no wait because its Superbowl Sunday and very foggy out, but I overheard some convo nearby that typical wait is up to hours on weekends."
"By far my favorite breakfast spot! The food is always spot on and I never get tired of ordering the same thing or mixing it up. I usually order the flight of pancakes with a chocolate chip, blueberry danish, and pineapple upside down pancake or the Chilaquiles Benedict. To be honest I have had all of the Benedicts  and they never disappoint. 

The customer service is top notch, my family has always been well taken care of and we have even been gifted free pancakes. (The best is the pineapple upside down pancake) 

There is usually a wait but they take your number and then text you when your table is ready. While you wait you can go browse at Nordstrom Rack next door, Paper Source or one of the many surrounding stores. Trust me the wait it worth it!"
"They have great variety but the wait is way too long. I tried their red velvet  , pineapple  upside down  and banana pancakes .The portion was enough for two persons. I enjoyed the meal but the wit was one hour and 10 minutes . They told us 40 minutes and my kids really wanted to try the restaurant"
"I was about to give this place a 4 star for how long the dam wait is but what am I thinking?! This place is awesome, of course the wait is long! We arrived at 11:30 am on a Sunday and we waited about an hour and 15mins for a party of 4.

The interior feels like a 70s diner but more modern! Definitely cool looking! Service was good even for how busy it was, and the food took only 12-15 mins to arrive.

We got the breakfast burrito which was good but felt like needed more acidity.. either from the salsa or pico.

The cornbeef hash was awesome.
Chocolate chip pancakes are to die for.
The BEAT sandwich which is basically a BLT with eggs. Was so good!
And the pancake of the day which was a blueberry mascarpone was so heavenly.

In summary this place is the spot to be for breakfast. They have many different options and twists on classic breakfast plates. You won't be disappointed!"
"Sat at the bar, the guy recommended corn beef hash, I added the mandatory coffee.

Very good quality hash.  Just the right ratio of beef and potato and browned just right as well.  It is hard to mess up two over-easy eggs and they did not.  The coffee was on the weak side, then I lived in Seattle for a long time.  It is hard to meet this bar.

Interesting the next seat neighbor was very particular to his order and spent 30 seconds correcting errors he experienced last time.  On the other side, the customer had a conversation with the server on her ethnic origin (she had three very distinct origins from both Asia and Europe).  Guess this is a very friendly eatery."
"This is a good place. The eggs benedict were yummy. I took off a star because they weren't cooked the way we ordered them. Almost no place will cook eggs not runny, no matter how much we ask.  However, it was delicious.  The cannelloni pancake was OK, but I prefer fluffy, light pancakes and this one was too bready.  The ricotta was great though.We really appreciate a restaurant that sources humane meats.  The service was very good.  I would eat here again anytime."
"Just as wonderful as your Denver location, but bigger. A good 20 minute wait early on a Saturday morning, which I thought was appropriate. Great hash browns, and that trio of pancakes cannot be beat. I tried the blueberry, the tropicalada, and the sweet potato pancakes. Unbelievable! And when your server says you can have breakfast any old way you want it, they mean it. Décor is kitschy and cute, the place is spanking clean too. Don't dilly-dally about, run and grab yourself some breakfast at Snooze."
A great breakfast spot. Loved the French toasts that we tried and look forward to trying other items on the menu.  We live in the far west valley and would definitely drive over here again. Service was amazing as well.
Elisa and fanny Are awesome. Very friendly great customer service cool place to hang out.
Fire  I've had the pleasure of eating at Snooze both in Denver and Phoenix and it's great to know the brand is efficient across the board! Everything from the mimosas to my favorite shrimp and grits. Snooze is where it's at!
"Very interesting interior, okay savory food, but delicious sweet dishes and coffee!

I went to Snoose this morning for a late brunch with a party of 7. The wait time for a table on a Saturday was not very long at all, although ultimately we were packed into a single booth. The service was by far the most disappointing aspect of this visit. She was not very friendly or attentive to our dining party. Often our coffee and water glasses would remain empty for extended periods of time. Not once did she come to our table to ask to see if our food orders were correct of if we needed anything else.

For the food itself, each of the savory dishes ordered were okay at best. I ordered the breakfast burrito, which was nothing special, but surprisingly spicy. The group shared a flight of sweet pancakes. These pancakes were the highlight of the dining experience. I would highly recommend ordering from the back of the menu when you come in for a visit."
"The food and service is good, but the kitchen is so slow. It took 50 minutes to be seated and 45 minutes for our food to arrive. I asked for a second order of fruit  (which obviously does not have to be cooked or preped) for my 2 year old and it took over 30 minutes. We sent it back because we were done eating and were paying the check!"
"Breakfast is my favorite meal, so I am very picky. Snooze didn't disappoint. After a short wait, 6 mins I was seated and my server was prompt at addressing my thirst! I read that the weekend wait is atrocious, so I visited on a Tuesday morning. The sweet potato pancake with ginger butter and pecans is a must try. Coffee is good and my omelet wasn't burned! You'd be surprises how many restaurants burn eggs.   See you soon Snooze!"
"As a regular at the Snooze in Denver, I was geeked to see one opening up in Phoenix because I travel here often. Echo and her team hit but out of the park with this one!!!! Excellent food and excellent service!!!"
Best breakfast In town. I love this place and love the fun light vibe I get everytime I go. Love it and the food!
"I am so glad I read my email, saw this place and checked it out on here. I went on a Saturday morning around 9am and it was so packed! If you go by the bar, they give you whatever bevy you need so your wait isn't awful. They give you coffee in handle-less mugs and not disposable cups so you know that they care if you stay and not just leave. Also, they send you a text when your table is almost ready so you can roam around while you wait. And let me tell you, it is worth the wait.
When you are seated, all the staff great you as they see you and the customer service is great! The menu may not look like a lot of options but when you read them, you want to try them all!! Fortunately, you can do some mix and matching so you can try a few dishes at one. For instance, if you like 2 of their eggs benedicts, you can get one of each! They have the pancake flight where you can have 3 different delicious pancakes on one plate.
Speaking of which, we ordered the pancake flight that had pineapple upside down, caramel apple and sweet potato. Listen...I don't even like pancakes like that but these...these were f-ing delicious!!! They were light, not overly sweet and not too many overspend to over power the dish. Also, I'm not a big sweet potato/sweet potato pie fan but I'd those sweet potato pancakes all day; they were that good! We also got (we split the dishes so we can taste everything lol) the 3 egg omelette with chorizo, caramelized onions and jack cheese which came with a little tower of seasoned hash browns. Those eggs were fluffy and delicious; not runny at all or slightly browned, just perfect. We also topped it off nicely with the Mmm Mmm Mimosa; tasty and gets you toasty! Like I said, so glad I went. Our server Bianca was awesome and I'll definitely promote this place!"
"This place was awesome! Went here for the first being in that part of town and my wife and children and I loved it! Food was very good and clean too. Our service was first class, our server was Colby and she was amazing and very attentive especially to the kids. Food was good, service was great and will be back next time we are over there!"
"Its ok. We ate here because of the reviews. The food was alright, but everything we ordered was cold or barely warm. There was a long wait for the food. Overall, not all that and a bag of chips."
"I'm absolutely obsessed with Snooze and cannot wait for their Gilbert location to open! The décor reminds me of retro modern and the servers here are fun with great personalities! My party decided to order and share so I was able to try multiple things on the menu. Their flight of pancakes is a great deal- we got the pear, pineapple and blueberry streusel. All of them are great but the pear was my favorite! The brioche French toast is outstanding as well. The benedicts are great too because you can order both the same or 2 different ones. I went with the ham and chilaquiles and I loved the chilaquiles one! Hash browns are also great! 

I really don't have a negative thing to say about this place. As a tip, they do get very busy so call ahead or be OK with a wait.

Can't wait to eat here again!"
"EAT HERE!! I wish I could give this place 10 stars. This is the best breakfast ever. It is always a wait, today we waited 45 min (Memorial Day), but it is soooo worth it. 

My daughter had chocolate chip pancakes and ate every bite. I had the chilaquiles benedict. It was so flavorful and the egg was perfect and runny. It sits on top of corn tortillas and is topped with a cotija cheese hollandaise sauce. It was simply magical. A MUST try. 

Our sever, Desiree, was very nice and attentive. She also said that's her favorite Benedict on the menu. 

Try it, they won't disappoint you."
"This place is fantastic! We are here visiting and wanted to find a great breakfast place. I came across this recommendation and got in the car and showed up. The menu has tons of options, the servers are really attentive and everyone was super friendly. Coffee selection is very good and boy, the breakfast drink menu was fantastic! Tje food was genersouly portioned and very very good! A job well done by Snooze!"
"This fun retro looking restaurant offers the best breakfast food I have even had.  Because everything looked great on the menu, we each ordered different meals to ""taste"" it all.  Hands down, best pancakes ever!! We had  the blueberry danish (my favorite) with a lemon center, cinnamon danish, crazy delicious and chocolate chip.  Eggs and bacon with crispy hash browns delicious.  I don't know how they do the bacon, but it was better than any bacon I have ever eaten.  Someone ordered the corned beef has and eggs and from someone who has tasted corned beef has in many many restaurants, this was the best we ever ate.  Guatemalan coffee was rich and robust.  The staff is super friendly.  Do not miss this one for breakfast, a winner!!"
"The trio pancake breakfast was great. The pancake batter is delicious! My favorite of the three pancakes I tried had to be the chocolate infused one. The wait to get in was significant but worth it. The staff is friendly, attentive, and efficient."
Love love love this place for weekend brunch. It is very cozy place and enjoy spending the morning here with my mom. Server ways amazing and very friendly being that it was our first time. He answer all of our questions and made some great recommendation. I had the breakfast tacos and will have them again when I come back.
"Chilaquiles eggs Benedict and pineapple upside down pancake was so dang amazing. Zero complaints on the food only con was the insane wait time which is understandable, and the not so great waitress"
"In my top 3 best ever breakfasts! Amazing!  Had the Bella Bella Benny and 3 pancakes: sweet potato, pineapple upside down, and blueberry.  The tangy balsamic dressing and prosciutto were incredible on the Benny.  Hands down best pancakes EVER!  You have to try."
"Look. STOP, don't even continue the research for a breakfast place if that's what you're looking for. 

This is the place you were looking for. It may be busy with a justified wait but you'll be very happy."
"We give the staff 5 stars - Daniel was great.  The Food gets a 4, very good.  We really enjoyed the hash browns and pineapple upside down pancake.  The wait was very long (about 60 min), but they text you when your table is ready so we went to Nordstrom Rack for some shopping.  Not the place if you are in a hurry...but a great Sunday Brunch experience."
"So no matter what you have to wait to get a table. I knew that going in. BUT they told me the wait would be 35 min. After 50 minutes I got a text saying we'll be getting a table soon. Time keeps going by and it turns into another 30 minutes. I go up and ask what time are table will be next and they tell me someone took me off the wait list! I was next to the host table the whole time. The host team didn't seem to care. I got the next table after another 10 minutes. The food was ok, but I'm not going back after that horrible experience. What a waste of my Sunday morning!!!"
"Delicioso! La combinación de eggs benedict con chilaquiles es brillante!
Mi esposa y yo compartimos también french toast de vainilla se llaman OMG. Los hubiera preferido sin el coco rallado pero de cualquier forma excelente. 
Llegamos un poco tarde aprox a la 1 y tardaron en darnos mesa pero comprensible por que había mucha gente.
Hay veces que prefiero ver lleno a vacío! 
Cielo nublado por lo que nos sentamos afuera y estuvo muy agradable. 

Pidan el café! Tiene un sabor agradable"
"Central Phoenix is in desperate need of quality breakfast joints that open before 8 or 9 am. Snooze offers delicious food, good service, and really, really loud music.  I love the high music volume at 6:30 am because that, along with the coffee, really jolts me awake!"
"Aw geeze this place is precious. Retro decor and the sweetest servers. I had a Benedict with smoked salmon and rye toast mmmm so good. But the Queen Dish of this spot is their French toast!!! Omgggg not the ""neat toast"" but the other one that was stuffed with creamy goodness and topped with strawberries and dried coconut. I was in heaven."
THIS is my NEW FAVE Breakfast spot.  Awesome music and great food.  The wait is very long on a Saturday morning but worth it!!!
"I decided to go here with a group of my friends from school because I'd heard such great things about it. Pretty good place overall. Service was eh as the waitress was taking a little too long to really do anything, especially considering the flow of people coming in had pretty much seized. My group of friends and I had just come in as the rush was dying down, so after waiting about forty minutes to get seated we were starving. I'm a huge coffee drinker, so I got the iced coffee. Very good taste overall. I had been craving potatoes, so I got the dish on the menu that was literally a bowl of hash browns and you could put anything into it. When I got my meal, it was a nice portion, but it was very bland. It wouldn't have been much trouble to salt the potatoes before putting them in the bowl. Really wish I would have gotten the eggs benedict instead. 
Overall, it was okay, but I wouldn't drive the thirty minutes it took me to go there again."
"I stumbled upon this place with a friend when we were on this side of town and glad that we did! It was about 110 degrees that day, so luckily we were able to be seated in an outdoor table right away. Otherwise, it would have been about a 45-50 minute wait. Although the heat made it a bit uncomfortable, the patio area is completely shaded so it wasn't too awful. Service was pretty prompt and prices were reasonable. 

Judging from what other people were ordering, it seems like they're known for their pancakes. For those who can't decide which pancakes to get, you can pick 2 different ones with the same price and still be charged that same amount! My friend decided upon the sweet potato pancake and the pineapple upside down pancake. They were nice enough to put them on separate plates too so that you can taste each one individually. Both were really good, and the sweetness was not overdone with too much cream or syrup like in some other places. I ordered the Early Harvest Benny, which was delicious - egg was poached perfectly and I never knew pesto could go so well with Hollandaise sauce!

If I HAD to complain about something, the hash browns were just OK. My preference is having them a bit crisper on the outside. Having an outdoor cooling mist would have been nice too on a hot day. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal would would come back for sure. A lot of brunch places put emphasis on quantity over quality and it's nice to see there's one that doesn't make the same sacrifice! I'd give this a 4.5, but since there are no half stars on here, I'll give the benefit of the doubt and round up to a 5."
"My first time eating at Snooze was in San Diego - a highlight of that vacation - so I was beyond excited to see them land in Phoenix, too! The menu is genius, really there is something for every taste. I'm a savory breakfast foods fan, but the pineapple upside down or blueberry danish pancake could change my mind again and again."
I have been to Snooze/Phoenix three times and each time the service has been poor.  The food is pretty good and it's obvious they spend time sourcing good ingredients however I can't get over the attitude of the place.  I live in Denver and go to Snooze once in a while and the service has always been quite good.
"We had our best breakfast here - the snooze classic !  The sourdough toast was perfect,  the eggs were tasty and the bacon was delicious.  I couldn't wait to drink my latte as well.  I recommend this place as the service was excellent as we were traveling to Sedona and wanted a hearty breakfast as we would be out all day.  I also enjoyed eating outside on their patio ...nice atmosphere in the morning.  We will be back!  Must also mention our blonde waitress was excellent , super nice and attentive to detail!"
My wife and I talk about going here all week. When Saturday comes we jump out of bed so we can get there early and skip the crowds. I won't bother to recommend anything because we've both had almost everything on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed. If you're into breakfast then this is a place you HAVE to try.
"This was my second visit here, after a not so great first, and couldn't be happier. The food was absolutely delicious. I had the Ham Benedict III and my woman had the Egg omelet. We also split the pancake of the day which was a raspberry with almonds. 

Karla was our waitress and was an absolute killer. She checked on us multiple times, offered input on what we should get and explained the pancake of the day in detail. Have not had a better waitress than her in a very long time!"
The food is fantastic so expect a wait on weekends. The breakfast burrito is delicious and they have edgy combinations for some of your favorite morning alcoholic beverages. Check out their Bloody Mary list.
"Snooze is a-maze-ing! I have not had a single thing that I didn't even not like a little bit. The pancakes are to die for. Get a flight so you can try 3 different kinds. The OMG French toast is seriously ""Oh My Goodness this is delish!"" Each and every one of the Benedict's are a knock out, its so hard to choose they let you get to different kinds on one plate! 
The only thing I think could be a little bit improved on is the hash browns they don't wow but it doesn't stop me from enjoying the shit out of them with a perfectly cooked over medium egg on top. 
I've yet to try the drinks but I'm sure they won't disappoint!
Snooze is a definite must!!"
"Sadly I'm giving them a 1 star because I sat there for 10 minutes (while writing this review) before walking out! I realize it was later in the afternoon but to be completely ignored for that long (when the restaurant isn't even busy) is ridiculous! 

I love this place back home in CO so when I saw that we had one in PHX I was ecstatic! 

I hope they don't treat all their ""lunch"" hour guests that way!!!"
"Reservations - None taken so expect a wait.

Service - Stellar. Even got a cup of ice for my juice without me asking!

Food - Very good
1. Pancake Flight - In order of yumminess: Chocolate chip cookie dough special, Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes, and plain blueberry pancakes. Light, fluffy, sweet but not overly.
2. Breakfast Pot Pie - I did add mushroom and a layer of spinach on top.  Very good.  Not overly indulgent.
3. Snooze Spuds Deluxe - Least favorite.  Just a lot of potatoes and toppings.  Needed a sauce."
"Be prepared to wait, but it's worth it. This is far and away the best breakfast place around. Everything is good here, especially the bloody marys."
"The service was good, but I wasn't wowed by the pancakes. I have to come back and try the other breakfast items, and maybe change my review. I ordered the triple flight and chose 3 different pancakes because the server recommended it. I got the carrot, sweet potato and upside down pancakes. I should have ordered the quinoa oatmeal instead. Oh well! Next time, I'm going to listen to my gut instinct and get what I really want. My friends ordered the omelets , and they do look good.  I might have to try them next time."
"I really want to enjoy this restaurant more, but I seem to have some sort of disappointment every time I visit. 

While the food options served are tasteful and great ideas, the service never seems to be that great. Often times the hosts are rude, and the servers make it obvious that it's just a job, and could care less if you're there. 

When I had visited before, I was charged for an option on my meal without any clarification that it would be extra until the bill arrived. 

This visit our food took almost an hour to be served, while the people who sat next to us after we arrived were served well before us. 

The cup I received had particles sitting at the bottom, and lipstick smears on the rim. After requesting a new glass, I received another dirty one. 

I understand that this place is often busy, but they had plenty of servers to accommodate. I've worked in the food industry for almost a decade, and I know that when fully staffed on busy days, it's easy to take care of your customers. 

I think after so many bad visits we won't be trying this place again."
My favorite brunch place by far. No one topped it yet. Highly recommend. Ask for the pancake of the day! It's worth giving them all a shot. Warning they are very sweet so have a sweet tooth and expect dessert for breakfast. Their savory dishes are great and I highly recommend them.
"The line is long but it's worth the wait. I came with a group of friends and they all enjoyed. I tried the pie apple upside down pancake and it was amazing! I wish I would've had two. Service was prompt and attentive, which is great because they were very busy. I may be a Snooze regular when I visit Houston."
"WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!

I went on a busy Friday morning. The wait was about 45 minutes long but I didn't just wait in the restaurant, I think I went to explore some other stores in the area. Once we sat down and had a chance to explore the menu, we instantly knew it was worth the wait. They have a large variety of breakfast plates, not all american food (like burritos), lite choices, sweet plates (pancakes, waffles, french toast). Everything sounded great! I ended up going with a salmon plate with poached eggs and toast, and my friend got a really amazing burrito with several different kinds of meats inside. We decided to also split a plate of sweet potato pancakes, which were awesome! I would wait to eat here all over again."
"The wait was about 15-30 minutes. It was fairly busy so it took a while to get our food. Our waitress gave us with the ""pancake of the day"" while we waited for food. That was a great gesture for customer service. I had a regular pancake, hashbrowns with cheddar cheese and ham. Very good!"
"Food is good  Service is Horrible  I was served by waitress Indya and not cool ! She was not clear about the menu, she was not friendly , she made faces and felt like we were not welcome there. Never eating there again!!!!!"
Love this place. The wait is crazy long but it's worth it. The food is great and the service is superb
The pancake flight is sooooooooo good. Order the sweet potato pancake it is delicious. The restaurant was celebrating its birthday and the staff had on the cutest cone hats and were all around really friendly and attentive. Wait can be long but those pancakes were worth it.
Best breakfast I've ever had!!  Corn beef hash is a huge winner!  Mimosas are on spot as well!!
"I'm so sad I don't live in Phoenix ... or anywhere near Arizona. Why? Because Snooze was amazing! 

Before catching my flight back home, I popped in for a quick bite - and more importantly, a Bloody Mary.

The service was genuinely friendly and very fast. My Bloody Mary was spicy and TASTY ... and I'm now realizing I've been robbed by living almost 30 years without having a crispy strip of the best protein ever in my drinks. I ordered the Snooze Spuds Deluxe and it was fresh and perfectly flavored. I added bacon and avocado, and chose over easy eggs. The bacon was crispy and delectable, avocado green and fresh, and yolks nice and runny.

10/10 would recommend. If I'm ever back in the Phoenix area, I'll for sure be Snoozin'. And in the meantime, I'm adding bacon to my beverages."
"If I could give 10 stars I would! Snooze is quickly becoming our favorite go to breakfast stop. Even though it's over 35 minutes away it's worth the drive for the food, the vibe and the service at this location. We got there around brunch and it was busy, but we were greeted with a smile and seated right away. Our server was wonderful and gave us some time to decide while he got our drinks. I ordered a mocha while waiting. It was pretty good, but I'm more into white chocolate so not my favorite, but it was presented well and just the right size. I wanted to try something new so I went for the OMG French toast and a side of scrambled eggs, and it was just that OMG! So good! Bread wasn't soggy, fresh fruit, didnt need anything added to it, and plated beautifully. My daughter had her favorite ham, eggs over medium, hash browns and toast. Everything was perfect. We chatted with our waiter a bit and he was friendly and attentive. Bright colored chairs, light fixtures and plenty of seating makes it so fun. There is also outdoor seating if interested. When we received our check our waiter also brought us a coupon for a free pancake on our next visit. My daughter loves the cinnamon pancake so she's excited lol. Very very good! Build one in Surprise please!"
Cute place. Food always tastes great. Last couple time food hasn't come out hot...even after sending it back for being cold. Expect a wait to be seated.
"Great food and awesome service!  Echo runs an amazing crew and the combination makes your morning better!!!
Jess, Colby and the other staff make a great experience"
"Ok, so I've reviewed Snooze before. I'm gluten intolerant and I only order the OMG gluten free French toast which is delicious. I'm reviewing for a second time because I was in Austin last month and went to Snooze. Their OMG gluten free French toast was much larger than the Phoenix location. I mention this because Phoenix charges the same amount as Austin even though the portion is smaller. 

So, Phoenix you have 2 choices: get a new supplier for your gluten free bread OR charge less because the bread is considerably smaller."
They were steady upon entering snooze. Possibly because of Veterans Day holiday but we were a little disappointed with our food coming out room temperature. I don't think that it was necessarily the chef but rather the server who seemed to disappear for moments on end. She must have forgotten to grab our food off the line. I don't think we'll return any time in the near future
"Love this breakfast spot .. modern dining area, fast service and yummy food!! 

On weekdays i stick with the Snooze Classic.. 3 eggs (cooked your way), ham (or bacon, sausage, chicken sausage or soyrizo for the vegetarian in your group), hash browns and toast with the most amazing jam!! 

The pineapple upside down pancakes though are my favorite!! With caramalized pineapple and cinnamon sugar!!

The pancake flight allows you to select three pancake flavors .. in case you can't decide!! Today's pancake of the day was chocolate chip. 

This location is always busy so get here early or allow for waiting time. The servers keep your coffee cup full and check on you often."
"Ok I went for a brunch date with a few friends of mine. Im going to assume since its fairly new that was the reason for our ridiculous wait! The food was fair, for the time that it takes to get seated and receive your food you would at least expect it to be some what AMAZING. Would I go there again, maybe but I do not encourage going if you are super hungry. I got the French toast, cant go wrong with that!"
"First, I must say the food was excellent my whole party loved everything. My only complaint is the parking, there is only one handicap spot and it was blocked by a tent and other patrons playing corn hole. We waited in the parking lot while the lot attendant notified the manager. The lot attendant was very helpful  and allowed us to park in a ""reserved"" section of the parking lot. The manager quickly came out to remedy the situation. The warm and wonderful service continued inside and the accommodations for my special needs son allowed us to enjoy a fantastic meal."
"Delicious, delicious, delicious!!!! I been here several times and it never disappoints. Great food and good service. Family friendly, or with a group of friend or if you are just grabbing a bite on your own. They can accommodate them all!"
"I still remember the first time I had Snooze in Denver during a ski trip. I was ecstatic when I heard Snooze had come to Houston. I've been a few times already since the restaurant had opened its doors. 

Every time I go, I always order the pancake flight. Usually with a french toast, and pineapple upside down pancake and switch up the third option with the pancake of the day or a seasonal item. The pineapple upside down pancake is hands down my favorite one! There has been a drunken monkey french toast and I highly suggest you stop snoozing and get your butt over there before 1/12/2017 when they switch it up with another specialty french toast. I've tried a few of the savory items like different eggs benedicts and the corned beef hash. Everything is always flavorful and filling. The side of hashbrown potatoes are amazinggg with a nice crust on the outside. The orange juice is fresh squeezed and delicious. The hot chocolate is rich and they top it off with some cinnamon that makes it different than a plain hot chocolate. Definitely order this if it's chilly outside and you need something to warm you up. 

The menu is so extensive that there are still many more items that I need to go back and try. You would think the lines would have died down a bit by now, but that is not the case. I've generally arrived around 10:30 on Fridays and the wait time is still about 30 minutes. Which beats waiting 1.5-2 hours on the weekends. But nonetheless, I'm still happy Houston has this as another brunch option!"
Great concept breakfast joint out of Denver.  $$$ for breakfast. PARKING IS MESS a MESS!
Super pet friendly on the patio! They brought my dog a bowl of water and even his own bacon! What a spoiled boy! They even brought me a fan so it wouldn't be so hot! I love it here!! Richard was my server and he was excellent! Highly recommend this place not only for the service but the food is amazing as well!
"Good brunch spot.  Although the wait to be seated was a little ridiculous, I'm glad I waited because the food was so worth it!"
"Went on a Monday morning and there was still a line- that's how you know a place is good! I didn't even notice that the food was taking a while, but multiple servers came up and apologized for the wait and updated us on timing. The waitress was also super helpful when we needed help choosing what we wanted to eat. 

Snooze has the phrase ""the best of both worlds"" down, esp when there's a constant internal conflict of eating savory vs sweet during brunch-  there are options for half savory half sweet,  options for different eggs Benedict and even a pancake flight. Definitely would recommend!"
Had the eggs Benedict trio and it was amazing! I still haven't stopped talking about them :)
"My 12 year old is in love with this place, and I understand why.  The food does not disappoint!"
"Went to Snooze yesterday because I was craving French toast. They are one of a few breakfast joints that offer gluten free AND vegetarian options.

I ordered the OMG French toast. It was OMG for two reasons: 1) it taste delicious and 2) the portion was tiny. If there was a kids size OMG French toast I think I had it. I was told that they have a new vendor for gluten free bread and their bread size is small. I understand that, but what I DO NOT understand is not including an additional piece of French toast to offset the size. 

When our waiter asked if everything was ok I expressed my dismay over my kid size meal. He brought over more on the house. I appreciated that and tipped generously. I want other gf diners to be aware there is a big size difference between the brioche French toast and the gluten free French toast."
"So, I must say that after my previous review a corporate representative contacted me to discuss my issues. I appreciate that because in 2017 most businesses wouldn't care. My husband and I went back to try snooze for a third time....and we truly enjoyed our meal. The food was hot and delicious!!! Out wait staff at the bar was fun and pleasant. I would definitely go back in the future. Great job Snooze!"
"I go here faithfully like every week lol! I am a five minute walk away from here. They have the most upbeat, friendliest staff! Good food and drinks! Very affordable. There is always a wait which is not a problem because the food is worth it. They have games to play while u wait if you want. If you want to check in and leave ur number you can go somewhere and come back when they text you. Or go shop next door at the clothing boutique. There is usually a wait but I always end up finding a seat or two at the bar. I loveee the bartender there! She is always friendly and recognizes me. I used to come with my fellow graveyard shit coworkers at 730 am after work. It is also kid friendly!"
"Absolutely amazing! Our wait was originally going to be an hour but we were seated in about 25 mins. They text instead of using old fashion buzzers. The margaritas were phenomenal and the food was too. We had French toast, omelettes, sausage, hash browns... all of it. Our waitress was awesome. Our receipt says her name is Kitty Kat. The hostess was super nice as well. Clean bathrooms. Seriously, we had a great brunch."
"This place was amazing! My husband and I were looking for a brunch place to try and even though we had to wait almost an hour to sit down, it was well worth it! The variety of food and the different types of pancakes were amazing! Our waiter was nice and attentive. He even made suggestions for what we should try since it was our first time. It is a must try! We will definitely be coming back again"
So amazing !! But the wait is insane 1+ hours. It's worth the wait but I think they need to expand.
"Quite delicious! Staff was super friendly and brunch was fantastic. I don't know if it's worth the 1.5-2 hr wait though. It probably didn't help that we came hungry immediately after cycling.

Iced nonfat caramel latte (2/5): cannot say I was a fan. It had a strange taste to it.

Bloody Mary with tequila (3/5): decent but not up there with the Bloody Mary's I've had. I think I prefer vodka for my bloodies too

Breakfast pot pie (4/5): yum!! Loved the flakiness of the pastry, paired with some delicious gravy. The only con was I probably had one sausage slice the size of a quarter. They skimped a bit here, so this dish could've definitely used more meat. Hash was smokin hot and crispy though, just the way I like it.

Pancake flight:
Blueberry Danish (4/5) - pretty delicious and not too sweet. 
Pineapple upside down (4/5) - good stuff! Loved the crumbs adding some texture to this dish and the tastes just how you'd expect
Drunken monkey (5/5) - first off, I love banana bread. This French toast tastes just like that! Very soft and tastey, love it!

Very busy here, with people waiting all over the front near the hostess stand and outside. Fun brunch atmosphere and quite casual"
"Brunch in Houston!  Finally!!

I can't wait to come back (and I've already been twice in two weeks).  It gets busy on the weekends (one server said the wait can exceed 2 hrs).  I came on a Thursday morning and waited 5-10 minutes for a table.  There is free coffee in the waiting area and they take your phone number so you can leave the restaurant to wander around Montrose.  Parking is limited, but you can park across the street.

So far I've tried a sweet and savory item:

Savory: there is a benny duo (where you choose 2 different types, but my friend and I got two different ones and traded)
 - Benny Goodman: delicious and exactly what I imagined from the description.  Classic lox combination
 - Bella! Bella! Benny: I LOVED this one.  The balsamic drizzle on top has just the right amount of acid to really brighten up the dish.  The prosciutto was perfect as well.
 - Chilaquiles Benedict: I tried a bite of this, and it was delicious!  My friend thought it was a bit spicy, but it was perfect for my taste.

Sweet:
 - Peach Pie Pancakes: Two HUGE pancakes with fresh peach inside the batter and topped with raspberry mascarpone.  It was not as sweet as I thought it would be, which was a nice surprise.  If you imagine what summer tastes like, this is it.

My sister swears by the Blueberry Danish Pancakes.  I can't wait to come back and give them a try!"
"OMG. The brunch food here is really amazing. I got the Pancake Flight, and my friend got the Benny Duo (Chile Verde and Bella Bella), and both were great! Pancake Flight allows you to get a sampler of 3 different pancakes or 2 pancakes & 1 french toast, which is perfect for trying different flavors if you're indecisive. I got the Pineapple Upside Down, the cinnamon bun flavored one, and OMG! french toast, and all were very delicious. The french toast in particular really reminded me of the Auntie Anne's cinnamon sugar nuggets! My friend loved the Chile Verde, and especially how his barbacoa mixed with the yolk and Hollandaise sauce, but thought the Bella Bella was average and wouldn't get it again. They also have this green chili sauce that added a great kick to the eggs benedict. One complaint is the wait...we came on a weekday and we still had to wait ~25 minutes to get seated and an even longer time for the food to come. However, the quality of the food here is on point. Definitely will be back!"
One of the best brunch place I have been to in houston. I loved the service they provided. The food is amaxing. And loved the ambience as well
"Great food, great waiters, long wait. Overall love this
Place!!!! ""I"" jk ""we"" had the OMG French toast, flight pancakes, egg and sausage links. Pancakes are chocolate chip something, pumpkin and pineapple upside down."
"HANDS DOWN my favorite brunch place in Houston! I come here often, and it never disappoints. 
Yes, the wait is no joke and parking sucks, but the food is well worth it.
I usually get the Pancake Flight, which is a great option that lets you try multiple flavors. The Pineapple Upside Down is an absolute dream. I crave it all the time. 
The Snooze Spuds Deluxe is an excellent savory option. Sounds simple, but so tasty! The waiter was kind enough to split this dish into two for my friend and me. 
The eggs Benedicts are also a delicious option. 

If you haven't been here, you must try it asap!"
"Got in and out in about 40 minutes.  Just me with my dog. Friendly service, except one guy who rolled his eyes when I asked him who my waiter after I'd been sitting there for 5-7 minutes without service. . Other than HIM, good service and good food. And the mimosa was yummy."
"The food here is really good! I like breakfast food a lot and they have plenty of options for vegetarians. Their pancakes are huge and are interesting flavors and I've gotten their breakfast burrito as well as a dish with fried egg and hashbrowns (I forgot the name) which was also phenomenal! They also seem to have a bunch of options for Bloody Marys but I haven't tried any yet but they seem interesting. I only have two complaints. I've only been on Saturday morning and it's usually packed (45 minute wait) and their parking lot is pretty small as well. Other than that, it's a really good brunch spot!"
"Popped in for a late breakfast during my first visit to Houston. Amazing! The wait wasn't bad, about twenty minutes for me. I had a hot chocolate, hash browns, bacon, and the pancakes flight. The plain and sweet potato pancakes were killer. And the hot chocolate was the best I've ever had. Oh, and my server was awesome. Will definitely be back."
"Pros: great menu, bartender and server were both amazing.

Cons: staff is not trained for high volume seating. Watched multiple tables stay empty for 30 min. They were quoting 1.5-2 hour waits, with a proper rotation it should have been closer to .5-1 hour. The wait was so frustrating that we almost left...but the drinks were flowing sooooooo we stayed. 
Parking lot is a joke. No place to turn around if you pull in and it's full.
Restroom had obviously be cleaned..... because the powder used to clean the toilet bowl was all over the place.
Most frustrating part is that there is no where to wait. Everyone is just standing over the tables watching the other ppl eat. We went outside to wait but were told we couldn't be under the umbrellas because that was a section. We were told to wait at the metal tables over in the sun. 'Ello?!? We live in Houston. You must be crazy if you think sitting at a metal table in the sun sounds like a good idea. 

I wouldn't come back."
"This has been my favorite brunch spot in phoenix for the past 2 years. Ive had almost all their bloodys and theyve just added their best bloody yet : The House & Sidecar. Its the perfect thickness and spice, the garnish is massive and the ham is superb. Now as for my server Nick...He is the MOST helpful, friendly and efficient server ive ever seen. He recommended the bloodys and the canolli pancake, again my new favorites. As a server myself I can say I was impressed with his overall work ethic and attitude in a busy environment. Nick you rock, hope to come back and see you again."
"We are from Cincinnati and our Uber driver from the airport to our condo recommended Snooze for a great brunch spot - and she did not disappoint! Great mimosas, pancakes, and a very big menu. Our server, Jeff, was very welcoming and made our experience that much better. Highly recommend for a yummy brunch in an awesome atmosphere (especially the dog friendly patio!)."
"This was such a great spot for brunch! The service was great and the atmosphere is so comfortable and upbeat. So many great choices, can't wait to come back! Breakfast pot pie was delicious and just the right size portions."
I have not eaten here yet because of the overwhelming crowds but the management has been very accommodating and I can't wait to try their incredible menu. Standby and I will review as soon as we get a chance to visit from West Houston.
I have never had a bad meal here.  Love the pancake flight and the Spuds (kinda like a skillet).  I highly recommend trying this place if you have not. THe wait times are worth it!
Perfect way to start your day!  I had the Classic w/jalapeño in the eggs and Chicken sausage. The house coffee is proprietary and it is excellent. For grins I tried the Bangkok Bloody Mary.  If you like spicy (which I do) you'll love this one.  The server was fast and friendly with great recommendations. Atmosphere is bright and fun!  Loved it.
I've eaten at Snooze twice recently and had an awesome experience both times. The menu has everything you could want for breakfast/brunch along with delicious cocktails. The service was impeccable and the prices are very affordable. The only downside is that they don't take reservations and parking can be a hassle. It's quickly become a go-to of my mine and I look forward to going back again soon. FYI: The Benny Duo w/hash browns are unreal! :-)
"Too many other options for this foolishness.  Trying to park for twenty minutes. Table wait +60 minutes?  No, I'm good.  Service and food were good. Get the pancakes or French toast. Bacon is good, go crispy. We will not be back. Breakfast stress is not the way to start the day."
"I do like the food and the fact that you can get a good Bloody Mary before noon (don't judge:-), but I hate to say I got really lousy customer service on my visit this am. I breakfast at Snooze when I'm off on Mondays and am having a cheat day because they offer a service industry discount on that day. I ordered the spud bowl and a BM and asked the bartender (who was not one I'd had before) if the industry discount was still being offered and explained that I'm a flight attendant. She said yes. The first order that came out had bacon on it, which I don't eat and had to go back. No biggie. However, when it was time to pay my bill, the manager (short white girl with gauged earlobes) said I wouldn't be extended the discount. I asked why as it had never been an issue before. She said she would check with another manager and came back singing the same song and proceeded to ask me what the waiters/ bartenders who gave me a discount looked like, etc (I wish I'd thought to ask ""do you remember what the last flight attendant who served you looked like?l), and then implied that maybe they were just ""hooking me up"" and that must have been a long time ago. No, B. I've only lived in Houston a little over a year and heard about the discount from other Flight Attendants. Needless to say, I'll take my hard-earned money elsewhere--discount, or not--because customer service is EVERYTHING."
"We got here a past 12pm and waited about an hour before getting seated. Our waitress was very friendly and came by a lot to check up on us. My friend got the danish blueberry pancakes, hash browns, and bacon (on the side). I got the breakfast tacos (with chorizo - extra $) a single blueberry pancake, and OJ. The restaurant was bright and cheery looking and super packed. There was seating inside and outside. Thank God we got seated inside bc it steadily got hotter the rest of the afternoon (Houston weather amiright...). I enjoyed my meal a lot. I ate all my tacos and half my pancake bc I was stuffed. The only complaint was that the corn tortillas were super flimsy...once you pick up a taco it falls apart completely...so they either need stronger tortillas or double up on every taco like real Mexican restaurants do. I just resorted to using a fork to eat it. I would definitely come back and try the other dishes. Maybe earlier so the wait won't be as bad."
"This place is hopping! On Saturday morning the  wait time is approximately 40mns but wait! If you dont mind the kitchen bar and counter facing the street it isn't bad at all. We simply waited for people to leave and took over their spot. Perfect!  It took a while before our orders arrived.  As soon as our very nice waitress brought them we took pictures of our dishes.  A lady sitting next to us raised her eyebrows and nodded her face, lol! I tasted their Danish pancakes and link sausages.  Pancake (2) dish is super dense, while it  tastes great l found it to be dry despite the load of sweet cream and blueberry sauce.  Sausages are excellent, it comes as a set of three links.  I wish they made their pancake a bit fluffier!  Ron chose the buttermilk pancake and felt the same way as l did about the pancake texture."
Husband and I came here for a midweek breakfast. They had some mishaps with seating but made up for it in service. The Ham Benedict is sooo good! They also have great gluten free pancakes.
"Finally had a chance to check Snooze out after 3 failed attempts. My fault though - I always showed up in the late morning on a weekend. Crazy to think that I would be lucky to snag a table with no wait on a nice, sunny Sunday morning. Disclaimer: This place can have a wait time over an hour on the weekends! 

I had the Chilaquiles Benedict which comes with barbacoa. My wife ordered The Lower Eastsider (lox style salmon). We ordered a plain single pancake to split between the two.

Chilaquiles Benedict (3 of 5) (meh to excellent)
My plate was presentable and a good portion. The hashbrowns were yummy (I always add cholula) and the ranchero sauce was decent, but sadly my poached eggs were cold. This really took away from my enjoyment of the plate. Cold eggs make me feel sad - whomp whomp.  We got our food in good time, so not sure how they cooled so fast. Regardless, ask me...did I finish my plate? Yes...yes I did. 

I will not rate The Lower Eastsider since I did not taste it, but my wife seemed to enjoy it and did not express any dissatisfaction. So that's a good sign I think. 

Plain Pancake (3.8 of 5) (meh to excellent) 
Pancake was gooood! It was fluffy, good portion, and overall good taste. The syrup was good too. Only reason I did not give the pancake a 5 is because of the same issue as my main plate....the pancake was on the cold side. Nothing like a hot batch of pancakes. This fell shy in terms of temperature, but the taste was definitely there. 

Overall - 3.5 of 5 (rounded up to 4 stars)
I went early throughout the week. If I judge this place solely by this one visit, I don't think it is worth the hour + wait on the weekends. Granted, im sure the long wait is also due to the fact they serve alcohol...my favorite. Would I go back? Yes, I would. There were other items on the menu I wanted to try and I am always up for giving a place another shot. I would have to go throughout the week when I can just waltz in and sit down without waiting."
"Love everything here. I've never had a bad experience. Just know if you're going for a weekend brunch, you will likely have to wait in line if you don't get there early."
"Probably one of the best brunch places in Houston! The food here was amazing, the mimosa wasn't too strong, and the service was great! I ordered the breakfast pot pie which to my opinion wasn't the best, and a bit bland, especially if you enjoy more spices in your food, but I did try other foods  which I really liked. 
Parking wasn't too bad, we had to park in a Jack in the box across the street which had loads of spaces. I will say the only annoying thing about snooze is the wait, yet it's understandable because of its popularity. We went on a weekday so the wait time was for only 45 mins, plus they gave us free pancakes to compensate for the time!"
"You guys, I am a foodie let's start there. I have someone at home who cooks freaking AMAZING so......when I do go out I'd like to eat something A) different or B) better than I could get at home, otherwise why bother? So.....it'd been awhile since I was ""amazed + excited"" about the food at some other restaurants but this was an AWESOME experience. It'd been on my yelp must visit soon list for quite some time and finally made it. Went on a weekday around 2, not too busy (yay! as I hate waiting for a table). We ordered the pancake flight with pineapple upside down cake (good but not as amazing as the others), blueberry danish (holy moly!) and sweet potato (wow! blew me away). We also got the breakfast pot pie with hash browns and personally I ordered the Ancient Grain Benny. Where do I begin? First off, I LOVE benedicts! I am often disappointed or just ok'd by most places but here they offered me something different. Check it out, it's a must for vegetarians. You've got roasted vegetable farro cakes that on their own would've been amazing (that's the base) a house made tomato ragout that I wondered if I'd like (loved it) and a cream cheese hollandaise. It's also got quinoa and black rice (can we get any more nutritious than this?). Guys and dolls, seriously this was amazing! It was filling, tasty as heck and I must've said wow at least 5x. Everything we tried was crazy good. Even the hash browns, not greasy or tasteless like most restaurants where you need salt and ketchup to go along with it. These hash browns just had some good as heck flavor. I was truly excited about my entire meal, I wanted to start it over again. Cannot wait to go back to Snooze. I did not realize it was a chain but man they're doing some awesome things. I've now moved Snooze into my yelp collection of ""fave places to eat"". Thanks snooze, everything was amazeballs and I cannot wait to take all visiting friends and family to your establishments!"
Snooze is perfect for breakfast. This location is always packed since it's so good! Definitely worth the wait if you have time. Side of hash browns are amazing and served different than any other restaurant! You'll have to see the hipster breakfast joint for yourself!
"I went to the location off Montrose in Houston. One of my fav brunch spots. 

Food- I had the snooze classic with the sweet potato pancake added. This has been my favorite until I also had the pineapple upside down pancake OMGGG! Let's just keep this simple...if you haven't eaten here yet I highly suggest you go because you're going to love whatever you order. 

My boyfriend had the snooze spud deluxe and it was delicious too. 

Ambiance- nice inside and outside. It's always too hot to sit outside to me Lol.  

Be prepared to WAIT a minimum of 45 minutes most times and that is during the week. Weekends are even longer. If you can wait I guarantee it's worth it. I haven't been disappointed and I've been to this location a few times. FYI it's called snooze for a reason. Make sure you don't have anything to do after but relax"
"LOVE this place. The food is amazing, the service is prompt and friendly, and they are very open and happy to take special requests. If you're a nurse, there are certain mornings where booze is half off for those with ID badges/scrubs on. You can get ""mimosa"" made for you for $6- a MASSIVE glass of champagne with a shot glass of orange juice- yum. I had some amazing classic french toast along with my mimosa and was in bliss. Prices are very reasonable and I plan to come back."
"For eggs benedict lovers, this place is for you! Their ""Benny duo"" where you pick two different, insanely good kinds of Eggs Benedict as your breakfast is the dream! 

The pancakes are creative and delicious. The coffee is great!

Worth the wait time!"
Fantastic breakfast spot. Get here early because there is often a well-earned line. The pancakes and omelettes are fantastic and the coffee is worth taking to go. Service is always fast and friendly. I go out of my way to visit here when I'm in Houston.
"I've had Snooze in Denver and was extremely delighted that the quality and service was not only up to par but better! Thanks to Amber, my buddy and I had a great brunch. We'll definitely come back for more!"
"Snooze is absolutely delicious!  My wife and I have been in many times, and if you don't mind a wait, the food is def worth it!"
"I came opening weekend about six months ago, they didn't fail me then, and they didn't fail me today. I recommend you sit nowhere but the bar. I was so happy to see Theresa running it. She made my experience so much more memorable the first time, and still managed to go over and beyond on this occasion.

She asks her customers' names and she remembers it during the visit. I knew when she was talking to me because she addressed me by my name and she checked on me often. Mimosas are on point. I had two the first time but only one this occasion, they are loaded. I only need one. 

Visit one: I had a Chile Verde Benny, and Chilaquiles Benedict they were amazing! I am not complaining at all they were top notch, but when a lovely woman sat next to me and ordered a trio of pancakes, I was jealous. Theresa was sweet enough to get me one on the house, to calm down the green eyed monster within me. She was really sweet.

Visit two: Let's start with my freebie from Theresa, Hot Chocolate, paired perfectly with my Molten Chocolate Pancake. Well duh, I wasn't going to pass up that Pancake Flight, a second time. Let me tell you, Theresa described the pancake of the day to me. I thought within me, ""that sounds disgusting"". I told her go ahead and give it to me; I try super hard to step out of my comfort zone. Usually it's an utter fail. 

I mean a Nacho-Pancake? Who thought of that? .....

Dear Lord! Thank you! That pancake was definitely Nacho-yours! If I wasn't at the bar where everyone could see me I would have licked the plate clean. What? Sometimes, I act like my grandmother would say, ""del rancho"".

Sweet Utiopia, make life sweet, real fkn sweet at Snooze!

The only downside: Parking is limited so the early bird gets the worm."
2 1/2 hour wait with additional 1 hour for food this is completely unacceptable for any restaurant. The Manager needs to learn how to seat big party's.  Food was ok. I ordered tomato soup and I got tomato paste / purée #Fail
"DENVER HAS FINALLY ARRIVED IN HOUSTON!
As a Denver transplant I have been craving Snooze for years.  This location captures the spirit of the original Ballpark location, save for the missing mural outside and the below freezing temps.  No trip to Denver was complete without a stop at Snooze.
The best way to start is with a pineapple upsidedown pancake as an appetizer and work your way through the menu as you visit weekly is not more often.  (You will want to be here daily.)
Service is attentive door to door.  The typical new location hiccups seem to have been worked out during their soft opening events.
Now in Houston I have a piece of home to share."
"To me, Snooze is a upscale iHop. They do have more variety in options, but nothing had the wow factor. Pancakes weren't warm when they got to the table and seemed a little soggy from the ""dress up"" of choice."
"Restaurant deff lives up to it's reviews. The wait is worth it, time goes by pretty fast. The food alone is very delicious and the price is reasonable for the amount of food that is given. I myself got the Chiliquiles Benedict & my bestfriend got the Cornbeef Hash & the pancake of the day (white chocolate). Wouldn't recommend the lattes, unless you're into a strong coffee after taste!"
"I always come here, the food is amazing and it always helps having a monthly pancake ! I got the pumpkin spice latte pancake ! Amazing! Teresa the bartender is my absolute favorite, always spunky, in a good mood, and very good at her job. I came to get some mimosas, (half off booze on Monday's n Tuesday's for industry ) today is my day off and everything about this place improved my day. Thank you !"
"Although I love having eggs, meats, and hashbrowns for breakfast, I am always so excited when there is gluten free pancakes at a restaurant. I got the pancake flight (10$). You are able to choose any of the pancakes from the menu and they can make all of the gluten free. I was excited to not choose a plain buttermilk pancake, so I got the blueberry danish, the sweet potato, and the pineapple pancake. It tasted wonderful and it was gluten free! 
Because of the very slow service received, I had to rate this place 4 stars. Expect a wait and terrible parking options. But that's not even a big deal. Our waiter barley came to our table and took his sweet time coming to get our orders and check. 
Besides that I will be coming back and I am excited to try the other things on the menu!"
"Just couldn't stay away! We arrived at 7am and weren't as lucky with parking this time, had to park a couple of blocks away on a side street. 

Luckily there was no waiting. Staff was fantastic and the food was also. 

I wanted to try some of the different pancakes so I got the Pancake Flight - blueberry, chocolate chip and peanut butter cup, side of bacon and hash-browns. I wouldn't recommend getting two chocolate pancakes on the Flight, it was a little too much. The blueberry had a unique flavor, the batter had a hint of cornmeal. The bacon was out of this world! 

All in all another wonderful early morning with my wife and Snooze."
"Explosive!! 10/10 would recommend 

Food: For starters, they have complementary coffee while you wait. I've never seen this at a restaurant and I was extremely impressed by it! I ordered the Snooze Classic with French Toast and a Pineapple Mimosa. The French toast was very good but the cream cheese on top was too sweet; everything else was perfect! 

Atmosphere: The restaurant is very busy and popping but it's worth the wait. It's larger than it appears and has a lot of seating. It's a cute and comfortable restaurant. The hosts and servers were great as well!"
"A completely superb experience. I'll start off with the cons. The parking is an issue. It can be hard to find and some spots are marked as towing enforced so be careful. The wait is another issue if you're an impatient person. However the food, drinks and service are fantastic. Our server was Gabriel(I think!) and he was quick and communicative. I had Juan's Breakfast Tacos & the Abri-Ca-Lav-Ra Mimosa. The tacos were tasty with the shredded hash browns made for a great entree. The mimosa has honey and lavender in it so it was up my herbaceous alley! I was also have a rough day and Gabriel saw then gave me an equally amazing cinnamon pancake. I almost (ALMOST) regret getting my tacos but I'm completely satisfied. Definitely come by an enjoy the food. You'll love it!"
"I've been here about 7 times through the past year and a half and while the food is super good, I've always had bad service which is why come back. It's a little out of my way being that it's a thirty minute drive so it's sucks to have a bad server every time. And I'm a waitress myself so I'm not being too picky or particular either! I once has a waitress who didn't check up on me and my friend once. The whole time we were there. She dropped off our food and we never saw her again until it was time to give us the bill. We ran out of water and needed more napkins. It took her a while to give us some more water cause I think she forgot tbh. Will still continue to come back for the good food but not too happy with the service."
"Great food, good service. Another amazing brunch/anytime place in the Heights. They have all the yummy comfort food plus an amazing array of other items that are Tex-Mex inspired. This place is very popular and there's always a long line during popular breakfast and lunch hours especially on the weekend."
"Completely fell in love with this place today. For starters, the staff is beyond friendly & attentive. They will gladly stop what they're doing to answer any questions. 
The wait time was 60+ minutes BUT they get your number & text when your table is ready. If you leave to check out some shops nearby it's cool, they give you 10 minutes to text back or arrive. Parking can also be a little bur the parking attendant is very helpful. 
They have a free coffee section & plenty of games to enjoy while you wait, very good coffee too!
The food & drink menu is ridiculous, I wish I could have tried them all! We did try the Pancake Trio (chose the sweet potato, blueberry & pineapple upside pancakes) the Snooze Classic, Breakfast Potpie & the Snooze Spuds Deluxe. Everything was great but the favorites had to be the bacon & sweet potato pancake. The iced chai & bloody mary were also a hit.
If you are a coffee lover and/or bacon enthusiast you'll love this place."
"This was my first visit to this location.   My daughter and I dropped in for a late breakfast.   We were seated immediately.   Our server Jordan came over, we asked a couple questions about the menu then he went got us waters.  We ordered when he returned to our table.   My daughter had the spud and her 2 toppings were bacon and spinach, I ordered the Snooze classic breakfast with Turkey sausage.   Our food came out rather quickly, delivered by another server.   The food was delicious except a small mishaps... my 10 year old asked for no onions .  Our server didn't come to our until 10 minutes after the food was delivered but he immediately noticed the onions and offered to remake.   He said he would remake quick, but he didn't seen too attentive to our table so much daughter kept flicking the onions to the side.   Halfway thru the meal, my daughter drank all get water, I gave her mine.   Jordan never came back to our table until we were done eating.   He didn't even bring the check until I waved him down.   So the food was good but service on this day a little slow."
"Yummmm. I came here in Monday morning with a large-ish group and Snooze happily (and quickly!) accommodated us. I started out ordering an almond milk latte- it wasn't amazing but this isn't a coffeeshop and it also wasn't half bad, so I'm not going to complain... especially because my breakfast was BOMB. I ordered a 3 egg scramble with bacon, onions, and cheddar cheese (and flour tortillas for my carb.) OH MAN. First of all, the potatoes that come with most meals are fantastic-- I love the cylinder shape they come in and they were cooked perfectly... and I mean in all of the ways (crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and perfectly salted.) The eggs were perfectly cooked and the bacon... ohhhhhh man the bacon. This is not the tiny crunchy slivers you might find in some places-- this is is the thick, slab bacon that Ron Swanson dreams about. This breakfast was probably enough to make a large man feel full, but it was so ridiculously delicious that even as a 5'5"" girl I downed the whole thing. Highly recommend this place (and highly recommend coming on a weekday morning if it's in the cards for you.)"
"We wanted a delicious and easy breakfast while we were stopping by in Houston and that's exactly what we got. The service was fantastic and that started as soon as we walked in the door. There was a 10 minute wait but it's so worth it! The food is delicious and the portions are not unrealistic, but still so full!"
"We had a long wait which is usual!! They do have have a long wait with lots of fun things to keep yourself and kids entertained. Once we were in..the waitress took a little long and probably overworked . The food that came after than was delicious to the last bite. We ordered different French toast, chicken pot pie, Mexican omelette and some more. Will be back but will plan better so won't have that long a wait!!!"
Great vibe and awesome energy!  The food is phenomenal...  Wow...... it's hearty but still light and not too heavy.  This place is a must for brunch.  Kat is a wonderful server!!!!  Ask for her....  the wait was a bit long but confirms that the food and service is GREAT!!!!
Good food and nice environment. Service was great! Very pleasant server.
"No matter which location I've been to, they all have been great!  The crowds at this place tells you just how good it is.  It's always busy, but worth the wait!

This visit I ended up trying the Snooze Spuds Deluxe and added bacon and avocado.  If you're a hash brown lover like me, this is the dish for you.  I recommend getting your eggs over easy/medium so you can break the yokes over the hash browns.  I only wish there was a little more melted cheese.

I also tried the Smashin' Pumpkin Pancake.  A little too sweet for my taste, but worth the try.  Maybe if I had asked for the cream cheese frosting on the side, it would have been better.

I recommend getting here early or trying it on a weekday to avoid the longer waits.  Breakfast for lunch is the best!"
"I love snooze. They do get super duper busy though. If you come early enough though, you can miss the rush. My favourite is the sweet and savoury combo, with pancakes, eggs and sausage. It's everything you want and more. The coffee is very good too! Only one time that I went was there bad service, so I'll just chalk it up to a bad day. For a big restaurant, the service is pretty consistently good. The atmosphere is always clean, but sometimes a little loud, at least my mom thinks so."
"As a brunch lover on a budget, I've been dying to try Snooze for quite some time. It's a tad expensive for my taste, but I decided to splurge after a late night with my friend A.

I've heard stories about the ridiculous wait times here, but fortunately we didn't experience that given how early on a Sunday morning we arrived. We came around 10 am and were given a table after a 20 minute wait. We'd already made our brunch selections and were in a bit of a hurry, so we ordered immediately on being seated.

We decided to share the pancake flight with the cannoli, pineapple upside down, and blueberry danish pancakes, and the Smashed Avocado Benny.
Our food came out fairly quickly, and we were not disappointed. The portion sizes were pretty big for two college-age women, so we ended up taking a lot of the food to go. The cannoli pancake was a bit sweet for me, but I adored the pineapple upside down and blueberry danish ones. Specialty pancakes are one of my weaknesses, and let's just say that Snooze pancakes took my breath away. The Benny we ordered was similarly tasty, but didn't seem as inspired as the rest of the menu. My next time here, I'd like to try one of the meat Benny options to see how it compares.

Upon finishing, we were given an electronic tablet to pay for our meal. This is definitely better if you're paying with credit card, but cash is a bit of a nightmare as you have to wait for already busy servers to come give you change. Regardless, Snooze was a pretty great experience and I'll definitely be back (though sometime EARLY to avoid those pesky lines...)"
"The wait is horrible. Service was okay. The food was great. I had the snooze classic with chorizo and instead of toast I had the Pineapple Upside-down pa cake. Yummy. I asked for a salsa for my eggs and the server gave me Yellowbird Sauce Serrano. She said it was her absolute favorite. Well, she was right!! I found it at whole foods and purchased 2 bottles."
"Came to snooze on a Friday around 11 AM and had to wait 45 minutes to get seated, which was a bit surprising. They have a couple of games you can play while waiting though. You can also use the wait to check out the menu and make your decisions. 

I ordered a coffee, their normal roast. It was a medium Ethipian roast and was really smooth. Good coffee fix as you wait for your meal. I had the bravocado toast and had my eggs poached.  It was phenomenal. The red onion jam had the sweetness of caramalized onions and complimented the avocado spread beautiful. The bread was super fresh and delicious too.

My friends had the cold brew and loved it. I tasted the steak benedict and avocado benedict. I liked the latter more, but the former is definitely good if you're in the mood for steak. Prices were very reasonable and the wait staff was lovely."
We have had this delivered through Favor several times. I have never actually been to the restaurant but the food has always been really good even with delivery. I plan to go back for the mimosas soon.
"Earlier in 2016, I had Snooze in Denver, CO. When I found out they were opening here, I couldn't wait. Finally a new breakfast/brunch spot in Houston! 

The snooze button is my best friend, except for the mornings that I come to to Snooze. Probably because I have to get there early to find parking! 
I will say it took over 20 minutes to find street parking; their parking lot is small and holds maybe 15 cars. Street parking is available, but hard to find. 

During the week, there was an hour long wait for a table for 2, so be prepared. I didn't mind because it gave me more time to catch up with friends! I loved the fact that they have games for you to play while  waiting (connect 4, corn hole, etc.) 

They have a great selection of savory and sweet breakfast/brunch items on their menu. The last time I went, I kept it simple with plain pancakes, two eggs sunny side-up, and hash browns. Everything was delicious! I can't wait to go back and try some of their other menu items, because I was definitely eyeing the migas and French toast! 
And, what's brunch without mimosas?! Added cranberry and pineapple juice for an extra kick! 

Great ambiance, great food, great service!"
I love this breakfast place.  Their diverse pancakes are so yummy.  I loved their Salmon Eggs Benedict.  I wish they would give more of that Hollandaise sauce!  Beware of the 1h wait to be sited...They are always pack!  Great decor and also good services!
"If you have ton of time to waste this is the place for you.  Took 35 minutes for the food to come,  even though we inquired after 20 minutes to make sure they have not forgotten.  But when the food finally arrives it was cold. By then the drinks were cold too! But didn't have time to wait another 35 minutes for warm food.
Then to make the experience great, the waitress puts the check in front of me while we were still eating, and when I turn around to grab my wallet she takes my plate before I get a chance to stop her."
"Honestly the wait here is long lol but it's well worth it . I had the avocado benefit and I shared a pancake flight with my cousin. We had to take so much food to go because it was so much! The mimosas were great very light and refreshing and the coffee was phenomenal!!! Our waitress was so sweet and bubbly, I remember she had colored hair but she was the sweetest . 

You're also able to order drinks at the bar while you wait . I met cool people while I was in line and even though it's packed , everyone stands in an orderly fashion and they're polite . Hands down great place !"
Hannah was AMAZING!! She has great customer service and the food was AWESOME! She offered up this off Be menu pancake that was delightful. Definitely coming back
"This place is awesome.  Excellent menu choices!  The options on the pancake menu are enough to get your nom nom brain going.  

Snooze is centrally located and easy to find.  The store front faces Camelback Rd.  There is a small out door patio for dining outside.

I love it that their brunch cocktail menu is extensive and creative!!!  With about 4 or 5 Bloody Mary options, a few Mimosas and a few others, their brunch cocktail choices are truly impressive.

Return Factor:100%"
"If you can get over the pretentious hipsters who are this restaurant in the middle of the day because they don't have jobs, the food is actually great, which is why I'm giving this one four stars. Our service was good too, until the end when my coworker got up from the table and another waitress ran into her and demanded she acknowledge her presence. My coworker just brushed it off as the typical, entitled hipster attitude or her having a rough day - the food is good enough for us to come back and try to have a better experience."
"Yum! 
They have vegan options! But they aren't clearly marked so ask your server. 

The lemon poppy pancakes are seasonal but AMAZING!!! If you see them on the menu order them!!"
"I came for brunch and I, of course, got the pancake flight! The experience was awesome and my waitress was so sweet. I got the pumpkin, sweet potato and the peanut butter cup pancakes. They were all very enjoyable. The peanut butter cup may have been a little too decadent but I still ate the whole thing. Will be returning but hopefully not on a weekend because there is a very long wait. Looks like I will need to round up some fellow unemployed friends to venture to this place during the week!"
Snooze Eatery has easily become one of our favorite brunch restaurants.  Both times we've been the food and customer service has been phenomenal.  While placing my order I contemplated between two different pancake options and our waitress took note of this.  Our waitress not only brought my pancake order but also a sample pancake of the other option I considered.  Things like that go a long way for us and will continue to make us repeat customers.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of their pancake or french toast options!
"This is definitely one of the hottest brunch spots in Houston right now. I don't think I've ever passed by it without seeing a swarm of people outside waiting for a table. I've went a couple times now and tried a variety of things on the menu. All of the pancakes and french toast options are to die for! They change their a menu a bit from season to season so there's always new flavors to check out as well. I'd recommend getting the pancake flight for the table as an appetizer so everyone can have a couple bites of each and try a variety. I've also had their egg white frittata which is great as well. I appreciate that they have a couple menu items for those that are more health conscience (see ""light as a feather""). Lots of brunch places fail to do this and I think its a thoughtful addition. My only reason to give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the wait. I'm a huge planner and love making reservations to places so that we don't have to play the waiting game. Unfortunately Snooze doesn't allow reservations and is on a first come first serve basis. If you want to beat the crowd I'd say check it out on week day if possible. If not then just plan ahead and allocate at least 45 mins of waiting time. If you're in this situation go check out Crossroads which is right around the corner. It's a hidden gem of a consignment shop that I stumbled upon. Good way to make time pass quickly!"
"I just like Baby Barnaby before I try Snoozi. The food is incredible fresh but juice not included. Anyway, I am coming for food not for drinks. Best Brunch in town!  Best！"
Not a big fan. All the hype gave me high expectations and I did not enjoy it. There are so many other great choices in the neighborhood at better prices. I did however enjoy the coffee.
"What a fabulous new breakfast/brunch joint! I loved everything about it from the moment we walked in. The hostess' was friendly and quick to greet us- all the employees were super cheerful and seemed like they were having fun! Dancing while making coffee, smiling, and running around in capes.. What could be better? I'll tell you what.... The food!!!! Amazing. Hands down one of the best breakfast places in Houston. (Sorry baby barnabys-they passed you in my mind!) 

I had the ""Benny duo"" -- with the Ham Benny and the Caprese Benny.. Both very good. The star of the show in my mind were the hashbrowns- my friend suggested I order them ""crispy and flat"" and WOW! I could have eaten a whole plate. My dining partner had the pancake trio.. Blueberry, some type of banana special, and a peanut butter chocolate one. They were very good & so was her side of bacon! Crispy and thick without being stiff! Perfect in my mind. I loved how you could mix and match food because sometimes you just want a little bit of everything! 

I can't wait to come back when I'm not pregnant and have a mimosa and after brunch coffee! Thanks for bringing Houston, Snooze. We love you and will keep you!"
"We were super excited to try this place out as we missed the one we originally tried to go to in Downtown Denver, CO. 

There was about a 15 minute wait when we arrived. The host didn't seem too thrilled to be there, and he mentioned it to us... Not the best way to start off a dining experience, especially for a place that has so many good reviews. 

We tried two Morning Cocktails, which were good but we had higher hopes for.

Additionally, I had the Sandwich I Am. It was good, but nothing special. 

Sigh.... I wish we had a better experience at Snooze, one that was better than any other breakfast place we have been to."
"I got some food from Snooze AM to go brought to me by a vendor. WOW this is the best breakfast ever! I had the pineapple upside down pancakes and the french toast. I immediately started texting my friends and family to tell them how good the food was. I can't wait to check this place out, I saw the pictures of the pancake flight and I'm so excited to try it!"
The food had great taste! The Steak Benny was great a bit pricey $15. Over all experience great! The only downside the wait time was between 1 hour to 1 hour and a half. They did provide water and coffee while you waited. Parking was limited. Family friendly. Great drink selection from spiked coffee to teas.
"I came here in August, around 1 pm. They close around 2 so I was hoping they wouldn't be packed. Big mistake: the wait is extremely long. But the food was pretty good. I got the huevos rancheros with pancakes and a side of fruit. The only thing was that we were dying from the heat, as we were seated outside. Definitely plan on waiting a long time to get seated. I think the food was good enough that it was worth the wait."
"Greetings Yelpers, I ate breakfast here at about 8:45 am on a Thursday morning and experienced a beautiful start to my day.

I ordered a classic coffee and the sweet potato pancakes with a side of soyrizo. My breakfast was so delicious! The sweet potato pancakes were light and fluffy, and had bits of sweet potato mixed into the batter. Be sure to order the syrup on the side.

The vegetarian soyrizo was great as well, and I'm so happy they had a quality protein option for vegetarians!"
"Awesome food. Husband and I went and recommended the bennies and the pancakes. Pqncakes were light and fluffy. The coffee was also very light and delicious. I will definitely come back again for breakfast only tip I will recommend is to get there early,  we got there at 7:30 we have no wait. By the time we were out there was already a line so highly highly recommend for breakfast."
"I've been to this location a few times. Parking is horrendous, there are only 8-10 spots for the place, while a full and empty lot for the neighboring business stands empty. They do provide water and coffee while you wait, as on the weekend the norm will be 45-60 min for a table of 2-3 minimum. They have good mimosas you can order while you wait as well. I had the snooze classic, but subbed out my toast for a side pancake (their chocolate chip is the BEST I've ever had and large enough to be split by 2 people). All other parties in our group enjoyed their food as well, and it's one of the only places I've been to where you can get an eggs Benedict duo with 2 different types - very creative! :)"
"Before I allow myself to slip into this well earned sleep coma I need to say everything I heard about Snooze... True. Everything positive I've read on here... Also true. 

As others have said the largest drawback is the wait (ours was 2 hours for a party of 3 with an arrival time of 1:45pm). But. The. Food. Was. Worth. It. 

You are able to go to the bar and order drinks while you wait. The bar staff, servers, hostesses and food runners are all super pleasant even though they're insanely busy. 

The only thing that will help with the wait is the opening of additional locations which I am 1000000% in support of!!


I was able to interact with Raj (my adorable server), and John (my glorious food runner). It literally was the best brunch experience I've had in my 4 years in Houston and I'll be back soon!!!

We (and by we I mean I) ate almost everything as you can see from the pictures I posted. Benedict's, hashes, bacon, pork belly, French toast, 6 types of Pancakes, bacon whiskey Bloody Mary, mimosas..... Like. All. The. Food. 

I'm so happy you're in Houston Snooze, please add more locations. I love you 

Oh. Wait. The best thing EVER was this like French toast with banana bread and brûlée banana with lord only knows what type of amazing topping but it was so good I almost cried. John was there to comfort me as I went straight to food heaven."
"I've only ordered the pancake flight to go. The place is always busy. I waited a while for my ordered so I suggest ordering like 30 minutes before you pick up. The pancakes were so good. It consist of 3 different (your choice) choices, I opted not to have the extra toppings. I had pumpkin, blueberry, and I think the cinnamon roll. I look forward to eating in next time I go."
"I got the corned beef hash with over easy eggs and sourdough toast. It was pretty delicious. The eggs were cooked to perfection. Although it was busy, the wait time for our food wasn't long at all. We were a large party and they were able to accommodate us into two booths and repositioning them to make a figure eight. I got to try their green sauce and it was the perfect kind of spice that I like. I wanted to try the spuds deluxe and I was pretty conflicted with all the options that were presented to me. I did find out that there is a location in California and I definitely plan on visiting that location as well."
"A bit overrated in my opinion. The food is good, but not amazing and not worth a 2 hour wait."
"Save your time and try another local place for breakfast. I've been wanting to try this place out since it opened, but waiting in a parking lot in the sun for 30+minutes doesn't appeal to me. So, today, taking the day off before Thanksgiving, I stopped in early. 

I ordered a spicy bloody mary to start - it's my vacation day! While it did have a slight kick, the entire flavor was gone in seconds. It was as if I literally took a sip of spicy water, but even the spice factor dissolved immediately! 

I decided to be somewhat healthy, and order a veggie eggs benedict dish. Instead of an English muffin, the base was a roasted red pepper/cauliflower cake with sauteed kale and a poached egg with hollandaise. It also came with a hash brown cake. Sounded like a great choice! 

To my disappointment (again) it was completely lacking in flavor. I tried each item separate - nothing. Peppered and salted and was somewhat better. Most Houstonians are used to (and expect) flavors. Throw some red pepper flakes, salt anything into the cakes and they'll be great! Add some Worcestershire, clam juice or olives to the bloody mary! 

I did appreciate the quick service - was in and out in 30 minutes. Although it could be because I was seated at a 6 person booth, and they were now on a 30 minute wait. 

Overall, won't return, as there are many other favorites nearby."
"The food is amazing. It makes no sense for pancakes and French toast to be so amazing. The eggs and hash needs seasoning but nothing you can't add salt to. 
The wait is long especially on the weekends. Don't come expecting to be seated in a hour. But they put you on a wait list that sends you a text so you can plan to stay nearby while you wait but not necessarily standing around outside. 
We usually order to go on the weekend. It's a lot faster than eating there but it's not a simple go in. Give your name. Pay. And go...... Expect a wait. 
The staff are always friendly and professional even in their high volume, high stress states. 
Long story short. It's amazing."
"One of my favorite breakfast spots in Houston. Always get the spuds deluxe with a coffee & pineapple mimosa. There is most likely always a wait , even on a Monday morning."
"This place is well worth the wait. I went to brunch with my roommate and her parents. We arrived at about 9:00am. The place was packed, with people patiently waiting. We were seated outdoors which I didn't mind. I don't remember the name of our waiter but it didn't take him long to take our order. I tasted the slamming pumpkin pancakes I mean how could I not. I also got a side of their a la carte tacos. I drizzled some of the yellow bird hot sauce. OH MY HEAVENS!!!! You can taste the freshness of the cage free eggs, and the green sauce was the perfect touch. The pumpkin pancakes were so good. My taste buds were dancing. And then i wanted to try the hash browns because of the way they were shaped. There was plenty for leftovers, which is always my favorite. I was so satisfied :)"
Delicious hot & fresh food! The service was great! Everyone loved the coffee! Prepare to wait to be seated.
"So yummy! Visited two days in a row because the food was so good. Highly recommend the pancake flight - especially cinnamon roll flavor. Food was absolutely delish, and hot chocolate is yummy too :)"
"Love this place. Expect a wait, but the wait staff and the food are worth it. I'd give it 5 stars but I'm a southerner and I can't give a breakfast place 5 stars, when they don't sell biscuits!"
"Holy crap, if I could give a place six stars I absolutely would. The extensive menu selection should not be the only thing that makes you want to come here; service was great, they messed up part of our order and fixed it quickly and didn't charge us. Sweet and sour combinations for breakfast are incredible. My only gripe with my meal which was eggs with pesto or something of that sort... There was so much pesto it was really hard to taste anything else. But this for sure is an amazing breakfast place. The sweet potato pancakes are delightful."
Food is tasty. Good service. I ordered the 3 pancake special which was very good but very sweet and small portions.
"To be fair you all know my need for 1/2 stars because I would say 3.5 not quite a 4 star visit (more in a minute) Snooze is always lively and busy especially on the weekend, patio seating was available immediately but who wants to melt in 112 degree heat? The wait inside for 4 wasn't bad at 9:30am, I  stress the BUSY because you might have slow service but that is because the staff is turning over one after another continuously so give them a break. They all help each other out as best they can and the service was slow but we weren't blatantly neglected and as stated before I am aware of my surroundings so I give them a break. Menu is large and hard to decide as everything sounds good. Great breakfast cocktails and coffee, I had the Snooze Spuds Deluxe which is essentially loaded hash browns, you choice of two ""fillers"" you could double up on meat or whatever you want I choose sausage and mushrooms. It came with cheddar and jack cheese (I could only taste cheddar) scallions which were a delicious touch and two cage free eggs prepared perfectly in my book. My ONLY problem with the dish was the sausage had little flavor, the mushrooms were slimy and the hash browns were hardly cooked, if they were a little crispier it would really make a difference. I still like this place and I will go back this was just one snapshot in time......Cheers!!"
"Still giving this place five stars.   Went for breakfast/lunch the other day.   I had the coupon for a free cinnamon roll pancake from when they were at Best of the Biltmore (or was that the Best of New Times??)  Oh, well, one of those best events.   My daughter had the B.E.A.T. sandwich.  Rachel was our server.  We sat outside cause why not with today's weather.   I had ordered a couple of egga to offset the pancake.   The pancake was light and fluffy and the sauce on top was oh so sweet.   Almost too sweet.   The eggs helped cut down on how sweet I thought it was although I did save the rest for later that day, and it didn't seem so bad.   Still light and fluffy, though.   

My daughter's sandwich was an acronym for bacon, egg, avocado and tomato.   I ate half of that later as well as the side of hash browns.  She skipped the avocado.   

Lots of thick cut bacon, which I love.  Even though I ate it as a leftover, the bread was not soggy, and the condiments were quite tasty.   Of course, the bacon is what really added to it since it was essentially a bacon sandwich by that time.

I still vote the blueberry danish pancake as the best so far at this place.   Whenever I think of eating at Snooze, that's what I want to order."
"Avocado Benedict (Benny) was extremely good.  It's apparently seasonal and it's November right now!  We got three flights of pancake including pineapple, chocolate chip, and cinnamon roll.  I liked the chocolate chip pancake the most and then then the pineapple.  By the way, the cinnamon roll pancake is not on the menu so you have to special request it.  Wait was not bad.  15 minutes at 9 am on a Sunday (thanksgiving weekend).  Definitely will be back.  Parking is challenging since they have a small lot so you have to parallel park down the street."
"Waitress, Raj, was very friendly and accommodating. Food was ahhhmazing!!!!! I got the Ham Benedict and pineapple upside down  pancake. The pancakes  are very big. Even the single one will fill you up fast.
My only complaint was the hosts were very rude and did not greet me when i walked in. They were just talking to each other and i had to interrupt their convo to tell them i wanted a table. They were very unprofessional and rude."
"Except for the wait, there's nothing I dont love about Snooze.  The staff is great, and the food hits the right spot.  I have tried almost all the varieties of the eggs benedict and my fav is the Benny Goodman.  OMG! French Toast is a must try.  The pancakes are great too."
"It's a new place in the heart of a big hot spot in Houston. It's gonna be busy. Be ok with it. Plan for it and breathe guys. Breathe. It will all be okay. Complain to those that don't have food, or the privilege of living in a beautiful city. God bless!!"
"Love Snooze, an amazing eatery that satisfies any craving!!!  I always go for counter service, where Mariah is the best!!!  She gives great advice on what amazing food to order on the menu.   Cool vibe, cool peeps, cool spot.  Do it and you will love it and Mariah too!!!"
"This. Place. You must try this place.

The parking was horrible, but bear with it and drive around the block to get some street parking. The wait will be really long, we got here an hour before closing and our wait was still about 45mins-1hour.  But as long as you get your name down before closing time, they'll still sit and serve you. 

The pancakes are a must. Get the flight and try three different flavors.  Trust me.  The pancake's are like fluffly white clouds, almost cake-like.  And some of the pancakes (peach and blueberry) had crumble over it which was like sweet angel dust.  Sweet sweet angel dust on fluffy clouds of heaven.  I was full, but I kept eating. and eating. and eating. Typing this is actually making me crave more pancakes.

They had a special Batman pancake, which had tumeric in it.  I was skeptical, but somehow it worked with the blueberry and rest of the flavors.  The staff were all decked out in Batman-esque costumes and were really helpful and fun. 

The Super Spuds Deluxe was also terrific.  I enjoyed it with caramelized onions and bacon, with 2 over medium eggs.  Usually I have to ask for ketchup for dishes like this, but it was perfectly seasoned with lots of pepper, just how I like it.

Overall, A+ in my book. Go here. You won't regret it."
"Wait was as expected. We arrived at 1255 and got seated at 230. They make it fun with cornhole and other games. Cappuccino and mm mimosa were amazing while waiting. Customer service and atmosphere is what gives this 3 stars. We sat outside on a beautiful day but you could smell the dumpsters right behind you. I've sat next to dumpsters outside before but this was disgusting. We didn't request outside..I guess you don't get an option and can't complain if it's such a long wait--better than nothing. Value is good for what you get taste-wise. If you don't mind paying 7.75 for one pancake. I ate the Benny Benedict. Portions were small so I ordered a pancake on the side. Pancakes were delicious! Basic food service skills were lacking: server gave us a bottle of cholula sauce with 3 drops left in it. Fork was bent and hurt my mouth so I asked server for new one. No refills on water. I know it's a lot to ask for, but if a Manager had come out to check on us or something close to that, it would've made a HUGE difference. Food takes long by the way so order as soon as you get seated. Won't be back unless it's during the week. Food didn't make it that worth the wait. For tourists, service does not meet expectations."
Awesome service! We came in around 1:30 and didn't have to wait too long! Love the atmosphere it's what keeps me coming back!
"Showed up at 12:00 on a Sunday and waited the full 1.5 hours as we were told. Once we received the text saying our table was ready, we were seated promptly and out waitress brought over and took our drink order. The coffee comes in a large curvy yellow mug and the cream is in a cute mini bucket. 

We placed our food order as soon as the drinks were set down. I got the Benny Duo, which allows you to try two of the benedict options - very important because there are only so many times I can make the boyfriend wait over an hour for food. Thankfully it came out quickly because it was about 2:00 by the time food arrived. I decided to get the elote benedict and the benny goodman benedict. They're definitely smaller than regular benedicts but still quite filling. I liked the idea of using an elote quinoa cake instead of an English muffin, but it lacked flavor since corn and quinoa don't have much oomph on their own. The Benny Goodman was presented nicely and is actually more of a minced smoked salmon spread instead of salmon slices - very yummy but too heavy to have more than one of. The boyfriend ordered the Snooze spuds deluxe and he really loved it! The hash browns were fresh and those scrambled eggs were the fluffiest I have ever seen. I have no idea how they made them so beautiful. 

The negatives to our visit were that the the plates were very greasy and we were only checked on once, so there was no opportunity to ask for napkins. The boyfriend got tired of waiting around, so he walked to where the servers were congregated to ask someone to grab him a hot sauce. There were also quite a few flies hovering around, which is most likely a result of people waiting in line with the open since there's not much space between it and the hostess stand."
"I got there at 11:25am on a Wednesday and had to wait 24 mins to get a table. There were no parking spots close so Waking distance from my parking spot to the restaurant was about 3-4 mins. 

I'm not a grits eater but I did order the shrimp and grits and I have no ""ragrets."" It wasn't runny, just right. For me, the portion size was good; I was so very full. 

The atmosphere was good, not too loud and not too quiet. I would come back again and try other things on the menu."
"It's a great place to people watch and to have a wonderful breakfast and brunch. They have an extensive menu, and everything I've tried has been wonderful. Oh and for us drinkers-- mimosas are on deck! Any citrus fruit combo that you can think of. Try the grapefruit.. let's chat later"
"I thought this place would actually be good but I was very disappointed when we walked in the hostess asked rudely May I help you as if we were out of dress code or something she then proceeded to speak under her breath about where we were sitting so we started walking towards a table before she interrupts finally saying the table isn't ready. Next the employees all stared at us while we waited around for ten minutes to be servers water WATER is just a normal thing to assume someone wants water and to be seated I actually felt disrespected. Then the waitress comes looking all depressed and apologizes, but the worst part is that it wasn't sincere. But when we decide to take our business elsewhere we were finally greeted like normal human beings. Not coming back here"
"My Birthday couldn't have started any better, than at snooze!! After hearing so much about Snooze, I was so excited to dig into all of this deliciousness! The Dr. Pepper Syrup on the Pancake of the Day was bursting with flavors! My Peter Paul Ruben had mounds of artisan corned beef, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese with house 1,000 isles dressing bursting out of a plump pretzel roll. Of course I couldn't finish it all but I did wash it down with a few morning cocktails. This is breakfast done the right way!!!"
Very disappointing experience here. We had a large group and we were quoted that our wait would be an hour to an hour and a half. After an hour of a wait the manager came out and asked us if we would like to split up our group so they would be able to seat us. We weren't thrilled with the idea but we chose to split up our group. I find it very frustrating that they made us wait an entire hour before they realized they wouldn't be able to accommodate our group before offering us this option. The manager was also pretty rude when he came out to speak with us as if we were inconveniencing him by having a larger party. We were finally sat after an hour and a half wait. The other table received their food very quickly and were done eating before my table even received our food. So our friends had to sit there and wait for us to get our food. That was not very good service on their part. I order the grilled cheese and soup. My grilled cheese came out cold. They sandwich had literally one piece of cheese and was very dry. The soup was awful it's more of a tomato purred than a soup. It looked very unappetizing. I couldn't even eat it. I asked for pickles with my sandwich when I ordered. I had to ask the server for the pickles because they did not come out with my order. She brought me one pickle. So I had to ask for another pickle since I had two halves of a sandwich I would need two pickles. After that she never came back and checked on us again. We never received any water refills. You would think that the manager would have come to check on our experience after we were made to wait for 90 minutes just to eat here but he did not. Very poor experience. I have been a loyal customer to snooze and I can honestly say I will probably never go back to this restaurant again after this experience. Note to self do not come here if you have more than 4 people and never order the grilled cheese sandwich!
Everything is amazing. It seats a ton of people. Food is all so good. Service is impeccable. Please come here.
I had the Benedict and it was good. Wanna go again to try the breakfast pot pie and pineapple upside down pancakes. Great ambiance.
"I have been to Snooze 3 times prior to my visit today. So I have had a great bases for the review I'm about to leave. I understand that it is very customary to experience a long wait and was prepared to do so. I even agreed with the hostess when she mentioned the wait was worth it because the food is that good. I remarked true. 
However, today will be my last visit to this establishment. After the order was placed, we waited for our food. Sadly, this time around I settled for the Snooze Classic. Nothing fancy or extravagant. To my dismay it took longer then what I would have expected for eggs, toast, sausage and hash browns. However, what shattered my expectations was the lack of sausage. When the waitress arrived to check on how our food was I mentioned they forgot my chicken sausage. She said ok and went to check. She informs me they are on the grill and will come out when they are ready. While I waited, I finished my entire plate. She refilled my water while I waited. My plate was also removed from the table during this wait time. After a while, I stopped her and informed her that I no longer wanted the sausage especially considering I had finished my meal and no longer felt the need to wait any longer. I also informed her to inform the kitchen manager that I was upset with their level of speediness. I also asked for the check. When she returned she informed me that they had removed the sausage price from my meal. Let me inform you it was $1.75. The total meal was $9.25. So I believe it is say to assume that a piece of wheat toast, hash browns and 3 scrambled eggs cost $7.50. Simple math. What upset me the most is that if I ask you to convey a message to your manager on an oversight left by the team of employees you are managing. Would it not seem only fair to engage that customer to ensure that at least you made an 'attempt' to rectify any negative feedback. Yet, then again maybe u assumed I wanted to save myself $1.75. I will save myself the disappointment of every returning. It is a sad day when great food can be undermined by very poor management and bad customer service. Maybe business has been too good and thus the reason for neglect. For the reader, consider yourself warned. It seems stardom, high reviews, has left this business feeling that customer service is no longer important. I shall opt to 'snooze' when asked if I want to return."
First off the wait is crazy an hour in a half to seat down then another 30 minutes for your food but the  food was really good I had the pancake flight it was great would need not choose the blueberry one again
"Virtually impossible to get in without waiting for an hour, which renders it useless. Plus, the added bonus of the ""parking lot nazi"" coming after you to tell you where you can/can't park...so very nice in his attitude..no thank you.  By the time I park, get in, get in line, and figure out it's another 45 minutes until I can even rationally believe I will get seated, it's just not worth even trying to get in here any more."
"It was cute. It was hip. The decor was fun. The music was great. The service was amazing. And the staff was friendly.

I absolutely love this place.

I remember being young (I'm old now) and hanging out in the Montrose area. At the time I was too young to get into the clubs, but I could hang out during the day and visit the shops and enjoy the restaurants. And I could remember that every restaurant I had gone to the people were just very welcoming and they usually lived in the area. 

This place reminded me of what old montrose used to be before they started tearing down everything and building apartments where cool restaurants and shops were. 

Cool kids working and having fun at the same time. 

The menu is awesome. It's not like your typical breakfast spot with plain bacon and eggs. Although this place has that. The menu has a twist on everything, which sets them above the rest. 

Parking isn't all that great here, but there is street parking available. The lot is only on the weekends I'm told. But even if you have to park down the street. It gives you the opportunity to work off some it that food you've eaten. 

This place is so worth trying. Bon appetite."
"This place was packed and had quite a wait but a customer on the way out told me it's worth it. Boy was it. We got seated faster than our allotted wait time but got drinks at the bar. Delicious mimosas!! Best part was definitely Roni our waitress. Super bubbly and knowledgeable of the menu. She gave suggestions and input on what to get or add to the order. She also noticed we asked for hot sauce and brought like 5 different kinds. The food was delicious too, I'm still drooling over the French Toast. Definitely worth it and we'll be back!!"
"Awesome waiters, great environment, food wasn't what I expected, but good. I think my family and I were overly excited to try this place. Gave it a 3 star because I've had better. Would definitely return."
"A very nice restaurant, with amazing service and food.  Coworkers and I decided to hit this place up because it was on our way to a meeting.  

When we first walked in we were amazed how busy it was, it was about 89% filled.  In our heads we knew this place was going to be amazing.  The restaurant was clean, and looked super modern, which was cool.  The bathroom was super clean, you can tell they took care of it!!  You could probably eat in there if you wanted.  Service was quick and excellent.  The staff was fast, efficient and attentive.  I ordered the a benedict with ham, and it was absolutely amazing.  Unlike any benedict I had before.  So if you want a benedict come here and get your benedict fix.  I don't remember what my two coworkers ordered but they did get coffee and loved it, and even took some with them in the fancy cup.  

Overall a great breakfast food type restaurant, the only draw back to this place is probably the prices.  Fortunately for us one of my coworker's dad is a doctor and we used his black looking credit card.  So be sure to thank a doctor!!"
"Always a treat to have brunch here. I really love the sweet potato hash and basically any type of pancake is amazing. The coffee is great, the eggs are perfectly made, this is really an amazing breakfast spot.

I would just suggest you are ready for a long wait upon arrival, or plan to grab a couple of seats at the bar to avoid waiting for two long."
"The wait and parking is ridiculous. I was pleased by the little games they had. I played with my daughter. There is also free coffee while you wait which is a plus. The food was absolutely delicious. Chilaquiles, I believe...yummy. Service was subpar at best."
"I've always been a fan of snooze but this was my first time at this location. Even though from the exterior it looks really small, they have a lot of tables inside and turn over tables pretty quickly. We waited for 20 minutes for our table which is one of the shortest wait time I've had for a Saturday morning. 

Food was delectable as always. Service was great. Parking is always a struggle so expect to either wait or hunt for street parking. Looking forward to my next visit."
"I am obsessed with this place.  I am so glad they are about 25 miles away from my home, otherwise I would be there every weekend.  The wait is a little long once you hit 8 am., however I am ""lucky"" the twins wake up at 5:30am everyday.  After getting ready and gathering everything we needed we headed out.  We made it just after 7:30 am.  The only sad thing I realized this time is that the balloon twister person does not arrive until 9:00am.  Oh, well.  I am here for the food really.  I almost had a repeat of the first visit, but I decided to try a different pancake this time.  You can make any kind of combos.  So I decided for the Chilaquiles benny and the sweet potato pancakes.  I am torn, I think I almost liked the sweet potato pancake better that the pineapple upside down cake one.  I guess I have to go again to make sure.  The chilaquiles benny were so perfect.  Instead of an english muffin is a tortilla base round, so yummy, with a layer of pulled beef barbacoa, topped with a perfectly poached egg then draped with this creamy spicy sauce.  Sooooo good.  The kids had pancakes and my hubby had a breakfast taco plus the chilaquiles benny.  This time I also enjoyed the blackberry mimosa and the hubby had the am margarita, which was so strong he couldn't finish it."
"The Pancake Flight was the best decision I'll have made my entire vacation here in AZ. As I debated between sweet dishes (my go-to at every breakfast restaurant) I noticed the option to try three different ones. I got the pineapple upside down pancake, blueberry danish pancake, and the OMG French toast. I was stoked to find out that you can choose 2 pancakes and 1 French toast for your options! All three were absolutely decadent. The pineapple upside down cake was probably my favorite as I am bias toward pineapple anything, but the OMG French toast was something special too. My bacon came out crispy as I asked, and my iced caramel latte was good but nothing unique. My grandpa ate every bite of his corned beef hash, and my grandma enjoyed her breakfast pot pie however wasn't a huge fan of the gravy. Regardless, my meal was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Our waiter was a joy as well. I wish we had one of these where I live!!"
"Best place for all day breakfast here! Enjoyed sampling off everyone plate, although all must come to an end at 2:30 :("
"This place is legit! The best brunch I've had and I've tried many places. The wait and looking for parking is bad but the food is def worth the wait.... I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a brunch place, you won't leave disappointed."
"I had Benedict 2 ways- avacado and one with barbacoa... and the barbacoa gave me an ""I can't believe it's not butter"" moment it was delicious. And the flight of pancakes- chocolate chip (nothing to write home about) OMG French toast was OMG and the sunrise pancake hit it out of the park for me. We had to wait on a Thursday at like 1030 but service was great and food was worth it."
So this place is okay. Between the wait time to be seated and to receive your food was 2 hours! That's a long time for okay food. The service was great--our waitress gave a list of her favorites and the most popular items which allowed us to make a quick decision in what we wanted to order.
"I love coming here to get breakfast and to work remotely. I have two complaints, one of which is just a personal preference, really. First, their coffee is not my favorite. It tastes really bitter to me, and I like my coffee with very little cream or sweetener, so that's saying something. The other issues is not a small one: my eggs ALWAYS come out at room temperature or cooler. Who eats cold eggs??? Yuck! I have to send back my poached eggs 100% of the time, 10/10 times. However, all that said, I do love this place. Especially the BEST server there, Sephora! :) Ask for her - she's awesome."
"Horrible pile-driver music. But Thank God they changed it. 

Please, restaurant owners. I beg you. It's difficult to hear the details of most music with the happy chatter of diners filling most of the airspace, and all that comes out is the repetitive thumping thumping thumping of bass or drums. If I wanted that beat, I'd be jumping to it in an exercise class. I don't want your idea of happy music to override the current ""happy, productive morning"" mood I walked in with."
"We came here after our morning church service. As expected the wait time was roughly 50 minutes, but knowing what to expect we waited to be seated. Our waiter Teri was benevolent enough to answer all our questions and sum! The service itself deserved 5 stars as she went above and beyond to make sure our first time experience was one to remember! Now the food. Jesus Christ almighty, the food was amazing. I got the pancake mix that lets your choose three different favors of pancakes mine being: OMG French toast, blueberry pancakes, and the pineapple upside down pancake. Every single pancake had its own succulent taste that left me beyond words! I could go on about how this place exceeded my exceptions, but know that I will be returning to dine again!"
"Food was so good that I had to create a yelp account so I could brag.  Everything was fantastic.  

To start, we had a trio of the pancakes (pineapple upside down , blueberry danish, sticky toffee pudding french toast).   All three were great, however my favorite was the blueberry danish.  The cream cheese was a great touch!

Then, I ordered the Benedict duo (chile verde benny & chilaquiles benedict).  Both great, but the chile verde has my name written all over it for next time!

Unfortunately, went for lunch on a work day so couldn't indulge in any boozy drinks, but their iced mocha hit the spot.  Very refreshing and a creamy.  Tasted like a caffeinated chocolate milk.  I will definitely be back on a weekend though so we can try their cocktails.  

Overall, super impressed and will definitely be back soon!"
"Honestly, I want to say the wait to get a seat at Snooze is not really worth the hype. But, I'm not saying their food isn't good. It's just not significantly better than other breakfast/brunch spots I've been to in Houston. I did appreciate the unlimited cups of coffee while we waited for our seats. Once we were finally settled in, we got the Benny Goodman, Chilaquiles Benedict, OMG! French toast, and the French toast neat. All were good, but they weren't great. The Benny Goodman was quite rich because of the cream cheese. But, there was this hot sauce called Yellow Bird Serrano sauce, and it was just right in cutting the richness of the dish. I put it all over my Chilaquiles Benedict too, which had some pretty tasty barbacoa and corn tortillas in it. The eggs were perfectly runny for both benedict dishes. But, if I had to choose, I'd pick the Chilaquiles Benedict again. Both french toast dishes were just ok. Other than the beautifully delicious salted caramel sauce in the OMG! French toast, both of them tasted truly like semi-dry bread. We probably won't order these again. If I happen to come again, maybe at a non peak time, I would like to see what the fuss is all about on their pancake dishes. They do look delicious in pictures. Otherwise, just be prepared for the wait here. Maybe bring a book or some music to listen to, and take advantage of their complimentary coffee."
"Sunday morning breakfast had a1.5hr wait but it was definitely worth it. Games and drinks available while you wait and the staff is extremely friendly. Highly recommend the egg white frittata as a filling yet healthy entree and the corned beef hash which is a mouthful of excitement. For those of you who do not like sweet potatoes, ask them beforehand to not put them in the frittata. The option to select a flight of three specialty pancakes is a must! In order of my favorites from our flight was the Nana's hot cocoa pancake, the pancake of the day (chocolate batter pancake with a chocolate ganache and a chocolate drizzle and walnuts, and the blueberry danish. Last time the OMG French toast was delicious and the benny duo was an opportunity to try two half-orders of scrumptious hollandaise Benedicts with the crispy hash browns."
I like this place! Unique food - great for breakfast. Staff is really friendly. I got the breakfast pot pie and it was delicious! Big portions! My friend got pancakes - I tried them - they were also delicious. Would definitely return!
My FAVORITE place for breakfast. I make sure I get there very early to avoid waiting & the line.  I've gotten the Benny's 2x & I've been happy every time.  The hash browns are well seasoned & delicious. I went with the smashing pumpkin pancake a la crate this time...DAMN GOOD!!! The service today was a bit slower this time but the food soooo made up for it. Our timing was good because the line & wait was long when we left.
"Snooze is amazing, definitely not overrated. The food is delicious, whether you go for something sweet or savory. Yes there is almost always a wait, but if you can go on a weekday between the before-work-breakfast crowd and the lunch crowd, it's not too bad. I have ordered the breakfast burrito both times I've been and it is huge, very filling, and great flavors. I've also tried a few of the pancakes and the flavors are unique and delicious. I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu"
Truly amazing unique one-of-a-kind extraordinary no gamble everything is delicious wish there was more locations spread towards New Mexico
"So, for my birthday, all I wanted was brunch and I've had my eye on snooze for quite some time now. There isn't one near me, so I hadn't tried it. We showed up around 8:30am on a Wednesday morning and I was surprised by how busy it was (good sign that it's a popular, tasty place). We got seated on the patio right away! We waited at our table, drooling over our menu for 20mins before my boyfriend grabbed a busser to let her know we hadn't been helped yet. She was so sweet and made sure we got helped. Our waitress didn't apologize for the wait or acknowledge how long we had waited, and took our order right away. We ordered a flight of pancakes and an eggs Benedict to split, as well as some Cafe Booze! The sweet busser came over to let us know that they were bringing us a flight of pancakes on the house. HOW SWEET. I didn't realize we would be getting TWO flights of pancakes! That's my favorite kind of surprise! Both my boyfriend and I agreed that the sweet potato pancake was our favorite, but they were all delicious. And the steak and egg Benny was undeniably the best eggs Benedict I've ever had.Our waitress had great customer service and even put something under our table so it would stop wobbling, even though we hadn't mentioned it! Overall, I was slightly frustrated to begin with, but the amazing service and to-die-for food made up for it all. Thank you Snooze for the most delightful brunch a food loving gal could ask for"
"I rather go to Barnabys! Good for a social hub. Northern inspired menu. It was ok, minimal wait retro/energetic decor...food was ok big portions. 
#siriusfoodie
#022417"
"Great atmosphere, well lit, and fun staff! Now let's get to the food... MUST get the OMG French Toast! Half and half eggs benedict is also a great option so you can try two different selections on one plate. Get here early as it's very popular!"
"This dog friendly patio was worth the wait! The modernized Jetson café hit the spot perfectly. The waitress, meghan was attentive and friendly. They even had a doggy bowl for water. They told us the wait would be 30-45 minutes but we received our ""your table is ready"" text in less than that. While we were waiting, we enjoyed our free coffee and water while playing cornhole. The atmosphere fit right into the montrose theme; eccentric. I ordered the Juan's breakfast tacos with the alterations of add bacon and avocado and asked for no pico de Gallo. When it came, it had the avocado bacon, and pico de Gallo but it wasn't a big deal, I just picked It off. Everyone else was completely satisfied with their meals. All on the table we had the Snooze Spuds Deluxe with bacon and ranchero sauce, a Breakfast burrito with ranchero sauce, Juan's breakfast tacos with bacon and avocado, the Huevos Ranchero, and the Breakfast Pot Pie, as well as a pancake flight with a pineapple upside down, sweet potato, and blueberry bam (pancake of the day). The only complaint I have is, why do I have to pay $4 for a coffee at the table when it's completely free and unlimited while waiting...?"
"We parked across the street. 30 minutes wait to get a table and another 30 minutes to get our food on a Sunday morning. We ordered corned beef hash brown, chile verde benny  and half OMG French toast. Our food came cold. I had better luck in Snooze Boulder and Austin."
I was in Austin for a week and couldn't get enough of Snooze. Their specialty pancakes were literally the best I have ever had and the bacon is to die for. The servers were so friendly and so helpful since this was my first visit to Austin. FYI ...on the weekend call for a reservation.
"My husband is vegan and it's difficult to find vegan breakfast options around us. Snooze has an amazing menu and they can make almost anything for you vegan or substituted. We've mainly sat at the bar to avoid the wait and we've had outstanding service. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. You must try their Pineapple Upside Pancake - it is amazing. Wait times can get to 1 1/2 hours or longer depending on what time you get there/day of the week and how large your party is so be prepared for that and even they have a parking lot, it gets really packed."
"Love this place!! It's right on par with the Breakfast Klub, but with lots more options and alcohol! You have to try the Bloody Mary's and the OMG French toast!! Great ambiance, fantastic wait staff, incredibly unique food and beverages. Highly recommend!! Will definitely be back time and again! Be sure to get there early cause the parking lot fills up quick!! A sure sign you have come to a great A.M. Eatery!!"
"I needed a break from all the Texas BBQ and tacos. My friend and I strolled in around 1pm. There was no wait time - we were seated right away. 

I was hangry. I wanted everything on the menu. I decided on the snooze classic - Three eggs scrambled, chorizo, hash brown and side of toast. There's an option to switch out the toast or hash brown for any pancake for an additional $4. HELL YES SIGN ME UP! I got (1) pumpkin pancake. No regrets guys. The waitress said one would be enough and its quite big. Boy was she correct. It was bigger than my face. 

Price, quality and portion was spot on. I highly recommend this place for brunch or whatever you're craving!"
By far the best breakfast place in Houston. The specialty pancakes are delicious and love how they switch it up every month. I would recommend going early because after 9 AM it can be up to a 2 hour wait for this eatery.
Also wanted to add that we walked over to half priced books while we waited for them to text us. Worked out great!
"Snooze is one of those places that it's soo good that it's always packed so driving by it a couple of times I was deterred to attempt to wait in their line for a table.  After talking to a couple of locals who strongly encouraged Snooze, I decided to give them a shot and man was I glad I did.

First off, the wait is long...like 30-45 min long on a Friday morning (10ish) but they have a great system of texting you when your table is almost ready then when it's actually ready.  So basically this allows you to run some other errands in the surrounding area, the wifey and I went to go early vote, and have a good idea of when to return for your table.  If you don't want to run errands you can enjoy some of their fair trade coffee or a good game of corn hole.  The coffee alone is enough to wait around because it really is a good cup of joe!

We ordered the Monkey Banana Bread french toast and it was awesome, especially if you love breakfast breads with a good cup of joe.  This meal was huge and very satisfying.  I especially like the caramelized banana.  The wife had the B.E.A.T. sammy and it has a great slice of bacon and the egg over easy on top is a perfect topper.  Both meals were very satisfying and we had plenty to take home.

Overall, I'll definitely be back to grab some great coffee and a great, satisfying meal!"
Came here trying something new while on a weekend getaway. It was so delicious! The wait was quick for a party of 6. The staff was very friendly and helped with recommendations. The french toast was to die for with quality syrup. The eggs benedict was top notch. The real stand out was the hash browns. Definitely recommend this place!
"I'm astounded by the good reviews for Snooze. We had a very mediocre experience. For as busy as it was, we were seated pretty quickly, unfortunately, things went south just as quickly. It took a long time to get attention from a server. Once we did, he was attentive enough and very friendly. We ordered right away and then the very long wait for our food began. It got to our table cold. We sent it back. Now you'd think at this point, you'd think the re-order would have been expedited, right? Nope! 45 minutes later we're finally getting hot food. Even with all of that, if the food was a killer, I'd be more forgiving, but I can't be. While it was warm, the most flattering thing I can say about it was it was ordinary; and wasted about 2 hours of time. There are so many better choices for breakfast in the valley, I'd rather hit the snooze button than waste time at Snooze. Edit: This was at Snooze in PHX on Camelback in the Town and Country shopping center."
Great menu for food and cocktails. Pancakes and french toast are so decadent! Has great Montrose vibe. Be prepared to wait - its always crowded so go before you are starving. Service is always good and very friendly.
The best Breakfast place in town!  The eggs benedict delicious and flavorful.  The pineapple upside down pancake and sweet potato pancake is my all time favorite.  I would highly recommend this place.
LOVE LOVE LOVE. I fell for Snooze the second I walked in. The wait was soooo worth it. The staff is so fun and focused to give every customer an unforgettable experience. The OMG French toast literally made me tear up because of how delicious it was. My family was almost fighting over each other's plates. It was THAT good.
This is by far the best breakfast brunch place I have ever eaten at. The food was wonderful and the presentation was pristine. Great atmosphere and great service. My daughter and I had eggs Benedict served two different ways and both were delicious. The mimosas could have been a little stronger for me but they offer a glass of champagne or Prosecco and a small splash of orange juice for $1.50 more. I highly recommend it!
Food amazing !!!!yummmmmyyyy ordered the omg french toast and steak and eggs delicious
"Honestly, not worth the wait of ~2 hours. They have good food, but it can be very heavy (especially the pancakes) because they put a TON of butter, oil, and sugar in their sweet dishes. I enjoyed the omelette, but found it to be comparable to other restaurants that don't have long waits (I love you, Canopy!). The first time I went, there was a table open for 20 minutes before I was allowed to sit down, and they definitely just let the phone ring without answering (minus one star for service). I've gone again a few months later, and their operations have gotten more efficient, but still an ongoing challenge the staff will need to address."
"I had the Chiquilles Benedict. Tasty brisket, fresh pico de gallo, homemade sopas replaced the English muffin. Great chef skills. All flavors mixed together well. House coffee was strong and good. 4 options of hotsauces 3 of which I've never heard of and were good. My waitress had great customer service and was always around to fill my water and take orders. The music made the restaurant flow smoothly. Only thing missing is a better waiting area. Other than that this place is perfect!"
"I took a walk on the wild side and ordered the Pumpkin Pancakes. It was tasty and filling. Depending on the time you go, it may be a long wait ( 20 minutes or so) however, you can sit at the bar and enjoy your meal. Fun place to people watch and a nice addition to the area for places to eat."
"I loved this place! It's a retro feel to their decor. Their menu is pretty extensive. I really wanted to try their pancake flight but opted for avocado toast with eggs because it was less calories and it was delicious! Hubby had his usual and the grits were soooo good. A friend got the breakfast tacos and really liked them. I had a palomimosa with my breakfast that was a fun spin on a mimosa. Popular place, friendly staff and quick service. If you like breakfast check this place out! Great prices too."
"Great all day breakfast spot.  Staff was awesome and great service.
Very GF menu options including pancakes."
Great food and service! Ask for Tami if you can! She's always so friendly and helpful!
"They don't take reservations but we only had a 35 minute wait (to be expected on a Sunday morning in the area). However, once we ordered our food, it took us almost 45 minutes to get our food (for four people). Portions were small for the price once it did arrive. We had to track down the waitress for our bill after waiting 30 minutes for her to come near the table again. The restaurant was super loud and almost impossible to visit in. 

Food was good and they did have some really delicious fresh juice options - but not going to be my regular breakfast spot."
Great breakfast place.  We stopped here twice while on our 5 day vacation to Phoenix.  The food was great and the service was excellent as well.  We even took one of the servers recommendations on a place to visit when we went to Sedona and it was excellent as well.  It's a little on the pricey side for breakfast but the food was excellent.  Would definitely recommend.
"LOVE SNOOZE. My favorite bfast spot, the food was amazing as always,  5 stars on food, 4 stars because it look forever to get our drinks delivered and almost an hour for our food to come and the table next to us got served faster and arrived way after us. It didnt seem like the restaurant was busy during this time of day either. So not sure why, but again, food was delicious."
"So when I heard I would probably have to wait over an hour to eat here, I thought ""this place can't possibly be that good..."" IT IS! Amazing breakfast. We have been a couple times now, and yes the wait is a pain, but the bar and free coffee help. The breakfast tacos with chorizo are incredible. Also the peanut buttercup pancake is to die for! Can't wait for the heights location to open!"
"Snooze is my favorite breakfast place. It upsets me that they close at 2 pm because I'll always be craving their food late at night. I would go here more often if the wait time wasn't so long. People wait on average 1-2 hours for a table. I love food, but not enough to wait that long. I hear they're opening up a second location which would really help with the line situation. 

Food wise:  I personally love their burrito. The green sauce they put on the top really does it for me. I'm not much of an eggs gal but they taste so good in the burrito. The portions are huge so I would share this as well. OMG french toast is a must. It's more of a dessert than a meal so get it at the end to share with friends."
"I really truly love this place. The food never fails and the team is always pleasant. I've never had to wait more than 20ish minutes but I only go for lunch during the weekday, so not too bad! So why is it only 4 stars? Almost every single time I've gone (5+!!) it takes forever for the server to get our drink orders and then takes just as long to give our food orders. I hope they get that part figured out, because honestly if I knew I could get consistently quick service then I would go more often."
I was in Houston for business trip and i found this place on yelp and went to check it out with my colleague. We were pleased with the food. The minus 1 star is for the wait. I wish they opened one in the bay area. I'll be one of their regulars.
Amazing at any hour. Play pancake roulette. You won't regret it. Also the cups are super cute.
"This place is so cute! I love it. 

My recommendations are that you must try the cinnamon roll pancakes and the Mmm mmimosas. Now that that is out of the way, I can continue with my review.

I came here twice - both to celebrate some good news each time with different company. The first time, I made the mistake of ordering the palomimosa and found it exceedingly tart and hard to drink - however, its alcoholic content was strong so I made it work. The second time around I tried the mmm mimosas and that hit the spot for a light, fruity, brunchy drink. After reading the tips, I learned about the cinnamon roll pancakes and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the pancakes when they were brought out - OMG!  I had enough on the plate to share with my three companions AND still be filled. During my second visit,​ I learned that you can order one single pancake so if you are dining alone and plan on eating more than just these pancakes then that will probably work better for you.

The second time I visited I ordered eggs with cheese, bacon, and sausage and enjoyed every bit of it. 

The atmosphere is light and sunny and the servers are friendly. Parking is a hassle but I've been fortunate enough to either find a spot out front or around the block. I've gotten in without a wait and I've also had a 20-minute​ wait all dependent on the day and time that I visit. All in all, it's a cool spot!"
"I think it's really overrated to be quite honest.  My boyfriend says their pancakes are divine, and they are, but lots of breakfast places have great pancakes...and other things.  I think the original Snooze is in Denver and it's supposed to be superb, this one is meh."
"Love this place!! Not only is the food always amazing, but so is the staff. Snooze as a company also does great work for their communities which is not something you see every day. My only complaint is that I wish everyone else didn't love Snooze so much, so there wouldn't be such a long wait standing between me and my OMG french toast!"
"Awesome place, the food was great, staff was excellent l. The reason why I didn't give five stars is due to the mimosas, they were watered down with nothing but juice."
Our server Carlitos was super cute and nice :') he recommended the cinnamon roll pancake to me and it was SO GOOD!!!
"The worst thing about this place is that there is ZERO parking and usually an absurd line to get in.  Otherwise, the food is AMAZING and very reasonably priced.  I highly suggest the breakfast pot pie with a side of bacon.  Nom nom nom!!!"
"Snooze's main downfall is its truly atrocious service. I can stomach the 45 - 90min wait (even on a Friday afternoon!), but the waiting continues even after you've been seated.  There's plenty of staff, but I'm not convinced they all know what to do. 

However, if you have the patience of a saint, I'm sure you'll like Snooze. The pancakes are big, fluffy, and there are plenty of unique flavors (would recommend peanut butter cup). We paired our pancakes with a classic American breakfast, which was good, but not any better than a neighborhood diner. 

I'd like to rate Snooze higher because the pancakes really are good, but the service doesn't justify a higher rating. I'd recommend Empire Cafe down the street for a better brunch experience."
Awesome breakfast/brunch and friendly staff. Try the pancake flights and the chicken sausage and you wont be disappointed!
"Came there on a Saturday afternoon, yes for breakfast after a spa treatment.  The wait was 20 mins, GAME!  I heard it can be up to 1 hour (yikes).  So 10 mins in, they text me - Table is ready.  Woot woot!  Love the atmosphere.  Cool tables, chairs, and decor.  I got seated in the back of the place, nice.  I got a green hot tea.  They give you the full on leaves and everything (you know it is pretty good tea).  I got the Breakfast Pot Pie, it was ok.  It was a little bland, needed to add a tab of salt.  I had to get the chocolate chip pancake as a side.  YUM!  The service was great too!  Hash browns could have been a bit crispier."
"The Food is okay nothing spectacular, there's always a long wait. Every time I place a pick up order something is always missing. Note to self double check the bag."
"I didn't want to like this place. It's so hyped up. The lines are so long. It looks so cheerful and brunch-y, and as a former restaurant employee, I shiver at the word ""brunch"" to this day. 

But. 

It's really good breakfast food. And the menu is very adventurous and unique while still being very diner-y and brunch-appropriate. The coffee is good, the service is friendly, the prices are not bad at all. They even source some of their products from local purveyors. I wanted to hate Snooze, but it warmed my cold, dead heart and taught me to like brunch again."
"Disclaimer: We are regulars at the Memorial location, so we are very familiar with the long wait times, but the food and service usually makes up for that. The wait time alone has never deterred us from coming back. However, we will never come back to the Montrose location, ever.

Strike #1: The hostess with the long pony tail was extremely snotty when I asked her how many tables were in front of me. She pointed out that I have only been waiting about 10 out of the quoted 45 minutes. Thanks captain obvious, but that's not what I asked. After waiting more than an hour, I came back up to check on the status and they had obviously skipped over us. Instead of a simple answer like she gave the guy in front of me, she had me spell out my name and confirm my phone number. Then told me she would seat us as soon as they cleaned a couple of tables. At this point we had waited approximately 70 minutes. Arrived at 12:50pm and got seated at 2:00pm. 

Strike #2: After being seated, we ordered immediately with our server. We did not want to waste a second longer because we were both famished. When the food came out, imagine how annoyed and disappointed we were to receive garbage. Everything was COLD. Not room temperature, but cold. I ordered the Benny Duo w/ steak+eggs and the Benny Goodman (lox style salmon and cream cheese) with a side of bacon. I never received the house hash brown that came with this dish (see picture). I was told by the runner that it would come out shortly and it never did. The hash brown that sits under the Benny Goodman was stale and undercooked. The steak was rubbery and overcooked. The side of bacon was cold and 90% fat. Have you ever eaten cold fat? It's disgusting. I sampled my boyfriend's Shrimp and Grits, and it was not bad. The flavor was there, but again it was cold. If it was hot, it would have been a yes from me. I asked him if he liked it, and he said that he was too hungry to tell. Bless his heart.

Strike #3: Our server never checked in on us, or even asked us how the food was once we received it. No water refills, nothing. She didn't even drop off our food. She literally came to our table twice, once to take our order, and the second time to drop off the check after we had to wave her down. I told her that my dish was cold and that I never got my hash brown. I did not want a comped dish, I just wanted to let her know how sh*tty the food was. She responded with OMG YOU SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME, NOW I FEEL BAD. Yes, I would have told you if you did your job and checked on us. Note to self, do not come towards closing time, because all the servers are practically done for the day. They're all standing around the service area ""doing their side work"", laughing out loud, and joking around. Explains the lack of service. Oh and here's the kicker. When we asked for a bag for our two boxes, my server told me we can get a bag at the front... So unreal, it's almost comical."
"Tasty pancakes and hash brown skillets.  The wait just sucks, although if you can wait or have errands to run in the area, they send you a text when your table is ready and you have 10-15 minutes to get there."
"Terrible wrinkle terrible !!bunch of teenage kids working there with no supervision ! Hey don't care about the business or customer service ! Food is good but poorly managed ! If you decide to go there go, eat your breakfast and go ! Atleast 2 hours wait before you get a table and minimum 45 mins wait to get your food ! 

I have been here for 3 hours and the servers,bar tenders are busy chatting and having fun instead of moving the floor quickly !"
"I came to snooze today, still here finishing up my coffee actually. I decided to come alone for this experience around the 9 o clock hour. Parking was ok, i lucked up and found a person leaving out of the tiny parking lot and was able to snag a space. Upon entering i was seated at a table immediately. I was greeted by my waitress shortly after and noticed it was not super busy. The drink menu is unique and some of the breakfast options, i was in the mood for corn beef hash so i ordered w over medium eggs and 1 bourbon pumpkin pancake. The portions are ok, just enough. I noticed outside of taking my order my waitress seemed pretty checked out and not very attentive to me. I had to catch her while she was at another table just to get a refill for water. I cannot say i would ever wait the 45 minute weekend wait that i hear about or return anytime soon, for a breakfast entree, coffee, and 1 pancake, my total came to $18. Worth to try out but i would not say it's my favorite. For that amount at a  breakfast place, the service should be outstanding."
"I almost gave SNOOZE 4 stars for the 2 hour predicted wait but then I remembered that while I was eating my food I told my friend I would wait that long again. And in the end we only waited an hour & a half for a table. The dirty drunken chai & bloody Mary's are fun, delicious, and the prices are totally decent! 
You guys though...the eggs benny come in so many styles! I had the chilaquiles, which by definition should be spicy but were not, but they were so good it didn't matter! The Pico de Gallo was so fresh & had amazing flavor. I've never had a more perfectly poached egg...it was sorcery. 
But guys, guys, listen up: the mother fuckin pancakes! The blueberry Danish pancakes changed the game! Every bite of the lemony cream cheese filling & blueberry coulis on a fluffy buttermilk pancake bed loads up the chopper and makes it rain on you. 
All of this & the perfect Houston location...what more do you need?"
"887 reviews and nearly all positive? We had to try this place for Sunday Brunch. We arrived close to 1p. The wait time is ridiculous. About an hour and 15 minutes for four people. The place is not spacious so the long wait line makes complete sense. You will hurdle with complete strangers, shoulder to shoulder, in a small corner near the coffee refill station. Yes the waiting ""area"" is right in front of the coffee refill station so you will have people coming in and out. No seating area to wait. Either hurdle like sardines in the corner or wait outside. 

Now for the food, the reason we're here. I got the OMG French toast. Very delicious BUT dry compared to the thousand pictures I had seen online. The gang got the flight pancakes to share and the ratings were: #1 chocolate chip, #2 danish (""too much happening at once""), and #3 sweet potato pancake (was only half way eaten). All in all the food was ok. Would I return and wait an hour standing for it? Naaaaa."
"My friend and I decided to get brunch at Snooze because of the Yelp reviews. We were able to get a table in 10 minutes, which was surprising because the place looked busy. I got the Ham Benedict III (English muffin topped with shaved Tender Belly ham, poached cage free eggs, and smoked cheddar hollandaise), which was absolutely delicious. My friend and I split a Pancake Flight (choice of any three pancake flavors), which I really appreciated because I wanted to try the chocolate chip and the peanut butter cup pancakes (both delicious). The restaurant had a fun retro vibe and the service was great. This particular location is in the Town and Country Shopping Center, so there was plenty of parking."
"Great place.

Busy Saturday morning, about a five minute wait, cell phone notice that table is ready.  Super nice hostess, great conversation with people waiting.

Seated outside in the side patio in the shade. Perfect atmosphere.

Food was quick, I got the breakfast pot pie.  Was nothing short of excellent. Great Bloody Mary.

Reasonably priced.

Will be back again!"
"Seriously?????? People don't have a clue about food. You put up a cute interior that looks like the ""Jetson's"" cartoon and they will come regardless of food and service.
Wife and I arrived on a Thursday around 9:30 and they put us on a wait list and said it would be 15 minutes. They call u by texting your cell. Problem was that after 40 minutes I went in to see what was going on and the host said he texted me 10 minutes ago. Well he wrote down the wrong cell # and said ""oops, will put u back on the list"". I told him ""so for your mistake u want me to wait again?"" He realized that wasn't right so he sat us.
After we sat, the waitress greeted us 5 minutes later and we ordered coffee. Which btw, the little cue card on the table says the owner searches all over Costa Rica for the right coffee beans. Hmmm, then he must have went to Folgers plant located there cause it ain't nothin special.
Again, 10 minutes pass and we get to order. I had a scramble and the wife had the corned beef hash.
Trying to flag down our waitress for a coffee refill was difficult as she was more concerned on how she looked in her LuLu lemon yoga pants rather than on the customers. 
Food arrives. 
My scramble was slopped together overcooked dry and the potatoes are put in a mold to look fancy, not! 
Wife's corned beef....in edible, tasted like it was sitting out for hours & extremely sour.
Waitress never bothered to ask how the meal was or thank you, just put check on table.
$30 for 2 pathetic excuses for food and 1 ""mystery"" coffee.
We got duped!!!!!  Be wise and take a stand, no more eating at places just cause it looks ""cool"". 
Yeah.. I guess u could say I was pissed writing this review. In closing Snooze, is the correct name for it..snooze."
"This is my new favorite brunch place. First try the wait was too long so I gave up, second try I went at 7am to try this out. 

Food:
I got the pancakes set. Peach cobbler, today's special, and French toast. Truly the most awesome pancakes I've ever had in my life. The pancakes were fluffy and the toppings are great. The pancakes to toppings ratio was perfect. The peach cobbler one was basically dessert for breakfast. 

Parking:
Small parking lot and street

10/10 would come back."
"Great food and atmosphere, but the hour wait for table and hour wait for food makes it not a desirable weekend brunch location. It may be better on weekdays or earlier in the A.M. The food is awesome. They have a pancake flight which you can get French toast on. All the pancakes and French toasts we had were better than your average brunch spot, but were very sweet. The Corned Beef Hash was great really hit the spot. Overall not excessively expensive, but more expensive than IHOP. I would go back , but at a less busy time."
Have you ever heard of a hollandaise sauce made out crean cheese?  That's their specialty.  Yuk!
"The food here is quite amazing- got the pancake flight on the 4th of July, which came with a special holiday pancake. Despite how crowded it was, the service is absolutely amazing- quick and efficient. I gave it 4 stars just because of the wait (about an hour despite our early arrival)."
"I'd say that the lines will eventually die down for brunch but that certainly doesn't seem the case at the Denver location.

The new Houston location has a great bar and friendly people while you wait on a table.  The Corned Beef is out of this world."
"Cool breakfast/brunch location. Cute 50's diner theme. Surprisingly we were able to snag a spot in their tiny parking lot the Friday morning we went.

20 minute wait time wasn't bad. I honestly thought it would be longer, but thank goodness it wasn't because I was starving. 

The pancake flight was a great choice. 
Blueberry Danish Pancakes- MUST TRY! 
OMG! French Toast- Great Flavor 
Sweet Potato Pancakes- Delicious 
I added an order of bacon and scrambled eggs to my order. Their eggs were delish... bacon had a weird after taste to me, but my boyfriend loved it. 

Fast Service.. Tasty Food! I recommend."
"I went to the location by ASU & first off my niece and I got seated quickly, I was expecting a long wait because they looked pack but thankfully that wasn't the case. Once we were seated we were greeted by our friendly waiter. I explained that we had never been here & he took time to show us where things were on the menu. I thought that was nice, especially since they were very busy! 
I ordered the omelet that had chorizo in it and my niece ordered their scramble with sausage and turkey along with fresh veggies. We both had fresh orange juice to drink. I enjoyed the fact that they were not overpriced for their food and it was great size servings and yummy! 
I know I have seen quite a few of these restaurants around town, so you have no excuse to try this spot! Great for breakfast, brunch or lunch! So many options on the menu from scrambles, burritos, pancakes, waffles, french toast etc!!! Don't limit your palette to iHop or Denny's...expand it with Snooze!!!"
"Only reason it got two stars is because the prices weren't terrible, can't say the same about the food. I ordered the breakfast burrito with bacon and all I could taste was cumin. It was gross. Also the bacon I had to pay extra for to add to the burrito was literally bacon bits."
What a cool place to eat! The food was tasty and they give you a good portion size (They won't over feed you). Don't arrive starving because the wait for seating might require a bit more patience. The wait staff was excellent! I shall return.
"It seems ironic that the name of this place will make you NOT want to hit snooze. 

FOOD
Now, I'm team French toast when you ask me to choose between it and pancakes. But my intelligent dining senses were tingling when I saw ""pancake pancake pancake"" all over the menu but practically no advertising for their French toast option. I'd rather have a great pancake from a place that specializes in pancakes than average French toast, so my friend and I decided to go halfsies and split the toast with a flight of pancakes along with a side of hash browns.

Dining senses were correct--the pancakes were quite delicious but the French toast rather subpar. If my memory serves me correctly, we got a cinnamon pancake, the blueberry-lemon danish, and a sweet potato. The first was tasty and the perfect incarnation of a cinnamon roll manifest in pancake form but also cavity-inducing sweet after the first few bites. I could see myself getting tired of it if I ordered a full portion. The blueberry-lemon was also delicious, still on the sweet side but I think in terms of creativity this is Snooze's better signature option. Lastly, the sweet potato wasn't too sweet at all (perhaps in comparison with the first two I tasted) but had a nice soft texture that paired well with the few pecans scattered on top of it. Overall I'd get this identical flight again if I was in the mood for sweets.

On the other hand, the French toast was a bit of a let-down. The outside wasn't as visibly toasted and the inside wasn't nearly as soft as I was expecting. Did y'all soak ya bread? The whole selling point of French toast is getting that perfect balance between the chewiness of the thick bread and soaking it to the point it's soft but not soggy. I got neither of these components and will not be getting this again. Waste your calories on pancakes, people.

SERVICE/AMBIANCE
We got in around 1:30 (eating at an A.M. Eatery in the afternoon, reveling in the rebel) so the service was a bit slow and unattentive, but that was also perhaps we requested to switch seats and therefore had to rezone into another waiter's section. Whatever the miscommunication, it wasn't that bad of a mishap. When she finally showed up she was really pleasant and quick in taking our orders.

Snooze is trying to go for a retro feel with leather burnt orange/olive green tones and little popping light fixtures hanging from the ceiling. I can dig it, it's pretty suitable and chipper for the brunch atmosphere they're trying to create. I hear the lines are ridiculous on Sunday, so perhaps coming here at a random hour in the afternoon would actually benefit you and cut down on wait time.

Next up, I want to try their savory Benedicts. Ultimately, stop snoozing, and go eat at Snooze."
"First; I loved the way it works and I will break it down for y'all. You get there and if there is a wait time they get your number and text you when your table is ready. So we had some time to run some errands before we got to order and there is plenty street parking. Our server, Travis was super nice and explained the menu really well. 
Snooze's menu gives you the chance to mix different dishes if you can't decide on one single thing. So I ordered the Benny Duo (Chile verde with pulled pork Benny and Bella Bella) it was delicious! My girl had the full Chile verde Benny and we shared a baby pancake of the day and a half omg French toast order as recommended by Travis. 
The food was delightful and the service rocked!! My only turnoff was the coffee :( for a place that has such good food, pairing it with brown water?? Come on guys!! There are so many local coffee roasters who can provide this place with great beans. Instead they have a bitter over roasted cup of brown water?? That's why I gave it 4 stars"
This place knows whats up. Pancakes were delicious and I hate pancakes. My steak and eggs were cooked perfectly. Wait was awful but they give you coffee while you wait.
"Unpopular opinion, but Snooze is a little too hyped up. The food is good, yes. BUT nothing I'd order again. The chicken pot pie became soft fast and the eggs Benedict isn't different from others I've tried before. Actually, would order the French toast again. That was the perfect amount of sweetness and paired well with the fruit. I just don't know if I'd spend another hour in line to order it though."
"Loved this place!  The food, drinks, and service were great!  We did have to wait about an hour, but were lucky enough to get seating at the bar.  Definitely going back."
"The food, the service, and atmosphere was superb. Our waiter, Triscuit,  was beyond friendly and even gave us a nice little surprise at end of our meal. It was a great welcome to Texas, and we will definitely be back the next time we are in town."
Used to go to the one in denver. This one did not disappoint. Brioche french toast was so yummo!!'
"Awesome breakfast, coffee rocked, service was great.  Had a breakfast burrito stuffed with eggs, hash browns, meats, YUM YUM!!!"
"Moving to Houston, this was one of the first places I had gone to. It was very good! Came here another time before I left. Wish there was one in Vegas."
"Great food, service, and the cocktails are always fresh and amazing! Although I wouldn't recommend good during peak times because the wait is always longs and their parking lot is super tiny."
"I got the Benny duo with the Bella Bella and chilaquiles. Honestly best eggs Benedict I have had. I love the duo option to try two different ones because it gave a huge diversity of flavor with the spicy crunch and smoky pork of the chilaquiles and the prosciutto and cream cheese. To top it off, it came with a glorious hashbrown. Definitely will be coming back!"
It would be impossible to sum this place up in 1 word. I've seen the pictures on facebook and knew there was on in CA but kept postponing it. Biggest mistake of my life. Literally my favorite restaurant. We knew it would be crowded but risked it anyways. Wait time was 20-30 min and there were plenty of stores to browse in the meantime. They notified us via text that our table was ready. The menu itself is overwhelming. So many choices that you want to try all of them. I ordered the Shrimp and Grits & the Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes. Best decision of my life. I've only had shrimp and grits in New Orleans and this blew my socks off. I thought the sausage was a weird touch when I was debating my decision but omg it completed the dish. To say it was amazing is an understatement. So filled with flavor. It was perfect. The pineapple upside down pancakes were great but make sure you order syrup also. A little dry but didn't deter me. There was plenty of seating. Ambience and decor were so cute. Our server could have checked on us a bit more but I can overlook that. We sat outside but there were heaters. My friend ordered the AM Manhattan and it was so good. I am definitely going back. Honestly hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to.
"I just recently visited Phoenix Arizona, and getting off the plane, this was my first place to stop and eat.  It was around lunch time, so my girlfriend and I looked up local brunch places, and this place looked like a hit from all the positive reviews and awesome photos. It did not disappoint.  There was about a 20 minute wait, but it went by fast.  Upon getting seated,  the service was quick and very nice to us. We ordered 2 different mimosas to begin, and they were excellent.  For our meals, I went with the pancake flight and she went with the benny duo.  Omg, the different types of pancakes were to die for. I ordered the 3 most popular ones, and loved them all. If I had to rank them, the pineapple upside down would probably be my favorite. My girlfriend also enjoyed her meal and thought it was excellent.   This was the perfect brunch spot to begin our trip in Arizona."
Yummy breakfast! My go to spot when I'm feeling lazy to cook. Food is always great and service is fast.
"Amazing brunch food! Me and the BF got the pancake flight and got to mix it up with the french toast. BF also got an iced mocha coffee which was to DIE FOR! Everything was cooked superbly and oh so delicious. We went on a Wednesday with only a 20-30 min wait, lucky us!!"
"The lines are always long. The wait time is ridiculous and the prices are inflated. The staff is friendly and welcoming. You'll have a better time, better food, better wait lines, better parking, and better prices if you choose to skip this place and choose Barnaby's. I've lived in the neighborhood for over 10 years, because of the lines and parking I have only been able to eat at Snooze 3 times. There's literally no parking area for this restaurant."
A bit funkier than the south Austin location and thankfully much less busy. I finally tried the famous pineapple upside down pancakes and they are truly delicious!
The best breakfast joint growing around town right now. The wait usually is forever long buttttt the food is so Worth it! They're pancakes are delicious and they're egg burritos are so good!
Great Breakfast!  Portion sizes were perfect and service was very good.  They offer a few vegan options and do have a tofu option for some egg dishes.  Would recommend the pancake flight!  If ever in the area again will definitely be back!!
"Visiting from out of town and the plans were to go to a different breakfast restaurant...one we knew and loved; however, plans were changed when we found out we were on a time crunch. 
Used my ALWAYS reliable yelp app and found snooze. Showed up and it was PACKED...I mean, so packed!!! That was really the only downfall....which is no fault of theirs (other than being too amazing I guess).
I'm telling you...Snooze is SO GOOD!!! I can honestly say they had the best eggs Benedict I have ever had!! So...on to that....I had the pick two Benedict (one original...amazing & one Bella...also great), the husband had corn beef hash...which he is super picky about, but he really liked it; our friends had the avocado toast and the breakfast tacos....they both LOVED their meals!
Now...if you go on a Saturday and can get seated with Olivia...you are in fantastic hands!!! Almost everything we got, were recommendations of hers!!! She was so amazing and attentive....and....because we had to wait a little longer than normal, she brought out a sample of the ""coco-banana"" pancake (not sure the exact name)....AND IT WAS LIKE A LITTLE TASTE OF HEAVEN!!!

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!"
"Snooze is easily in the conversation for Houston's top brunch spot -- a compliment that speaks for itself. The waiting time could range from half an hour to even a couple hours if you visit during peak timings on weekends but both my visits have proven to be well worth the wait. On my first visit, I enjoyed the uniqueness of Benny Goodman as it combines eggs with Lox salmon very well but my second visit was even better! Their scrambled eggs/egg whites and omelettes are a terrific way to customize your three-egg brunch with up to three toppings, including meats and seafood. I was thankfully able to take advantage of this great option by adding shrimps, salmon, and poblano peppers to my scrambled eggs. I added ciabatta for bread and got to enjoy hash browns and Soyrizo on the side, resulting in a delicious high protein meal (with a kick to it) that I absolutely devoured. Their soyrizo might just be the most delectable vegetarian breakfast meat out there as it's got just the right amount of flavor and seasoning. The service here is friendly and on-point, while the ambience is very relaxing as well. The freshness of their ingredients is so evident that the food reflects top notch quality across the menu. If you haven't been here yet and are looking for a new go-to brunch spot, do not hesitate to visit and while you're there, you might as well try their extremely popular OMG French toast too -- certainly a signature item!"
I liked this place. Great music. The food was good... and they were big portions.
over rated. its cute and everything but the servers are kinda rude and seem like they have better things to deal with. I sat at the bar which was very cute and ordered the breakfast pot pie. it was cold and made me sick because its soooo rich. The aesthetic was on point as an old fashion diner but the prices are defiantly NOT old fashion diner prices.
Always a hit and we actually got in a little faster than usual. Expect a wait regardless. They took great care of us though! Even brought out a quick buttered toast for our little one who was ready to eat asap!
"The wait was about 45 minutes, but definitely worth it.
I ordered the flight of pancakes *( of your choice, that is) which consisted of the chocolate, blueberry, and sweet potatoes. The sweet potato pancake was to die for, being that I am sweets connoisseur, it didn't disappoint. I also ordered the snooze classic because I wanted to play it safe being my first time there, it is eggs, bacon, hash brown, and toast, your norm. The mimosas were pretty good as well, I chose the cranberry and orange."
"Here's the scoop:

FOOD: Everything is great! The cinnamon roll and sweet potato pancakes are most certainly life-changing. Also, not sure how an egg white omelette can taste THAT good, but it does here! Hash browns are top notch too. 

SERVICE: The only reason I didn't give the joint the full amount of stars. It's a 5-star for the food ... but the service is just so-so at best. They are always ridiculously busy (prepare to wait 1.5 hours on the weekend) so I think they need to hire a server or 2 more to even out the busy times!

RESERVATIONS: They don't take reservations, however, you can show up and put your name/phone # in. They'll text you when your table's ready. We figured out the good idea of driving there around 9AM, putting our name in, coming back home (we live close) until they text us our table's ready. If this isn't an option, they have some tables and games (yay for cornhole/bags and Connect 4!) to keep you busy. They also have a ""bar"" you can order some mimosas or bloodies or whatever you may fancy while you wait. 

All in all, go for the food ... it'll be worth it!"
"The food is consistently good at every Snooze, but the wait is consistently long and the parking is severely limited at this location. There are no reservations, which is understandable but I really don't like their policy to only seat a party once every single person has arrived. It makes for a crowded inside and patio.

I've tried something from every section of the menu but I really like to order their versions of eggs Benedict. My favorite has to be the Chile Verde Benny with barbacoa beef. I've had the cinnamon roll pancake (it's on the a la Carte portion of the menu) and it's good but a sugary overload. The hot chocolate is also delicious.

The food is good but be prepared to carve out a 3 hour block for brunch."
I have been to the one of the Denver locations and loved it.  This is a nice hip spot with a great menu and something for everybody. Great morning cocktails and by far one of the best breakfast menus you could ask for.  My first visit to the Houston location happened to be their soft opening so all of the food and non alcoholic drinks were free which was a pleasant surprise!  They also designated a non-profit to receive donations from the sales and guest.  It seems that they have the management and training in place to do well in the Houston market.  I was kind of skeptical of this space because it seemed too small from the outside but there is plenty of room and space once you're indoors....Overall our visit was great and I am sure I will be back often....
"I ate at Snooze while vacationing in Scottsdale. I had roughly 30 minute wait. The staff was very nice and kept things moving at fast as possible.  However the food was only average. I ordered an omlet with a side of bacon.  Both were a touch under cooked for my preference. I suppose I should have specified well done but haven't ever had to at any other restaurant. The coffee is strong so if that's your thing, it will be quite good to you. I paid around $25 including tip. 

If you want french toast, pancakes or other dessert-like breakfast creations, this might be your place. The plates of those items floating by certainly looked beautiful."
Extremely trendy restaurant if you are into that type of thing. All I care about is the food and drinks. I ordered a mimosa with pineapple juice. Nothing special. I also ordered the morning margarita which was amazing. Extremely fruity drink. Worse choice of all was the bacon Bloody Mary (not a fan of bloody Mary's but a huge fan of bacon). I had plenty of time to order the drinks because of the wait which was AN HOUR and a few minutes LONG. Which was the worst part. Oh also the parking is horrible. Be prepared to walk. Now time for the food. I had a burrito with red salsa and green salsa which was the best part of this resultant. Definitely would go again just to have it.
"Although the wait is always outrageous when we get there, I feel the food is worth it. You can always check in and they'll text you when a table is being cleared, I always use that time for errands. Back to the food, a lot of the menu items are customizable so you get exactly what you want exactly how you ordered it! I love it!!"
"The key to Snooze is going early, putting your name and number down, and hanging out in the neighborhood for the next hour. Sure, it may not be your ""ideal"" brunch plans but they'll text you and you won't have to wait outside for an hour (+). The food is incredible; I haven't eaten anything I don't like there!! They're also super accommodating to your group size. The only thing I'd change is their drinks--they sound and look SO GOOD but they're not really worth the price IMO. Perhaps I just haven't found the right one..."
"This place has great food, very fresh ingredients, and lots of options.  Shrimp and grits and pineapple upside down pancakes were really good! Plain pancake, chai latte were just ok. They can have up to 2 hr waits (we only had a 30 min wait when we went) so plan accordingly. Worth going back though."
The place was pretty and the food was okay but we had horrible customer service and they charged us for extra stuff .
"BEST BREAKFAST IN HOUSTON. I live out of town in Florida and hate that we don't have Snooze here yet. Every time my boyfriend and I make it to Houston, we make sure to make this our first eating spot of our trip. Yeah the wait and parking situation can suck, but it is 110% worth it. Can't talk enough about my love for Snooze. :)"
"I've said it before and I'll say it again, Snooze has THE BEST SERVICE!!!! Sitting at the bar having Andy take care of you is a real treat. He's always smiling and  never too busy to make sure your content with your meal. An addition to the service the food is delish!!!  I have a gluten allergy and this is hands down my favorite breakfast spot. I get to enjoy the most amazing eggs Benedict and mouthwatering gf pancakes. Do yourself a favor and try the gluten free cinnamon roll pancakes. I promise you won't regret it :)"
Cute breakfast place! Came here on Saturday morning with one of my girl friend and we enjoyed the food! We had the O.M.G French toast and the corned beef hash with extra hash! The line and the wait was LOOOOONG but the food was worth it. We sat outside in the cute patio and devoured our food there! I would 10/10 recommend & also recommend getting there a little earlier
"The food in this place is UH-MAI-ZING. It's so good, I clearly sacrificed spelling to drive the point home. Whether I'm dining it, getting take out or delivery, the food absolutely never disappoints. The eggs are made to perfection, the hashbrowns are to die for and the bacon is mouthwatering. (No, this is not a review for people who like healthier things on the menu.) I will say my girlfriend has gotten a few items from the 'Like A Feather' section and has always been happy. 

I do recommend, to either get there before it opens, or call an order and pick it up. I have never come to this place without being packed, but regardless of how busy they get, our orders have never had a mistake. The environment is high energy, and at times can get loud, but in the best way."
"This is an excellent place to get brunch. Parking is always a nightmare, but the food is worth the wait. The pancakes are fantastic. Their eggs are also excellent. His sis definitely one of the better brunch places in Houston"
"This is definitely at the top of my list for breakfast places in Houston now. I have been a few times and gotten something different every time. Everything has been awesome, but their pancakes (any of them) are definitely a must-try. Be prepared to wait unless you get there super early."
Quite literally the best breakfast I have ever had! The food was so amazing. I wanted to try everything on the menu. The staff was very friendly and though it was very busy we were in and out in no time.
"Tried it for the first time this last week. It is crazy busy on the weekends, so tried a Monday at 11:00 AM. It was still packed, but a much more manageable 15 minute wait. I had one of their benedicts, and it was awesome. The other guests had the huesvos rancheros and they even had a great quinoa dish for my vegetarian friend. Looking at the menu, though, it seems like the sweet pancakes are where the hype is for this place. Good vibe, and good service as well."
They have so many vegan options and their food is absolutely delicious!!!!
"Good brunch food if you are looking for a spot in the area. Not worth the long wait there always is, but it's good."
"I've been trying to get into Snooze for a while but their long wait times kept me away. Be prepared, it is a very popular brunch spot but you might have to wait a while for seating. We were told the wait would be 60 to 90 minutes but we were able to be seated closer to the hour mark. They had a good variety of options on their menu but what I liked most was that you could pretty much piece together the perfect brunch. I took a little longer than I liked for the food to come out but that was understandable as they were busy. I had the Snooze Classic but added a blueberry pancake. Everything came out well and I enjoyed the meal. Everything was also pretty reasonably priced."
"It was Saturday morning in downtown Houston so without a doubt there was a 45 min wait.  No biggie, got on the list and waited.  The food was fantastic, the coffee good the milk ICE cold.  During the wait I read several reviews, I have to say the Pot Pie peaked my interest so I went for to, it was so delicious.  Light flaky pastry, sausage gravy it was perfect.  Service is great, staff knows the menu and answered lots of questions thoroughly and confidently."
"The food was amazing!! But even more impressive was their service. They were super friendly and attentive. Prepare to wait if you go after 8, but worth it. Benny Benedict was to die for. Hubby got the burrito and it was massive and he was obviously super happy about it. All around- just go."
"I was truly excited to eat at this place. The wait time was about an hour if your going on Sunday morning. The earlier the better, the service was slow and it took awhile to get our drinks since the bar was backup. As far as for the food, it was delicious and great presentation. The place is clean and has a very nice interior design. 
Suggestions to management, offer your waiting customers outside some water on a hot day. 100 degrees with wait times at an hour or more. 3 stars out of 5 only because of the slow service."
"I was so worried about waiting in line, that I got there before 7 am. There was plenty of space. The service was great, and the pancake flight was delicious. I'll definitely be back!"
"You have to get there at 7 AM or you're waiting 2 hours, but it's worth the wait! The french toast is amazing and the corned beef hash is also good. Their green hot sauce is AWESOME. I want it on everything. Staff is very attentive and the place is clean. Parking can be hectic but it's Montrose so plan accordingly!"
"We stumbled upon this gem while visiting Houston. It truly exceeded my expectations. Our service and food were both great. 

We had a 20-25 minute wait for a party of 4. That wasn't bad for the time of day. I'd definitely visit again when I'm in the area."
LOVE LOVE LOVE! We luckily got a parking space in the small parking lot at the front and had to wait for about 30 minutes to get a table. They sat us outside and my friend was uncomfortable sitting where there was no shade so the waitress and hostess accommodated our decision to change tables! Our waiter was extremely attentive and so nice (shout out to our waiter Erin (sp?) The mimosas were delicious and the food is amazing along with the great staff. Will definitely be back!
Another long wait if your looking to catch brunch but you will not be disappointment . Yumz!
"Finally!! 

Anytime I am in Colorado I plan a visit to Snooze.  The new Houston location would make the Denver original proud!  The service was outstanding (shout-out to our awesome server, Victoria)! The food was was perfection, and they have lots of yummy morning cocktails! You will likely have to wait for a table, but I assure you it will be worth it! Snooze, I think you need to start scouting your 2nd Houston location!!"
I love this place!!! My all time favorite thing here is the OMG fresh toast. I really enjoy French toast but hate that I can't seem to get past the eggy taste that a lot of them have. I do not have that problem with OMG French toast.
"Long wait but worth it! In my party of 3, we all very much enjoyed our meals! Highly recommend to anyone who loves a good upscale breakfast that comes with large portions!"
"This will be my favorite brunch place in Houston from now on. The wait is worth every bite. Don't see it as wait, see it as build up of anticipation to a food experience so rich that you'll be left speechless. We got the Benedict Duo and Pancake Flight which lets you mix and match different styles. Service is excellent, shout to Aaron!"
"Waiting time is horrendous but i guess it's because we went there on a weekend and they clearly do things right. We had a wait time for 1.5 hours on a Saturday at 10 am so feel free to plan ahead of time - not sure if they take call in reservation etc. 

I ordered the egg frittatas which was pretty good with a whole lot of mushrooms and caramelized onions. My friend had the hollandaise egg be edicts and were a 5/5 as per her opinion. The lattes were on point!

The pricing was adequate averaging about $15 per person with the above mentioned meals. Would def go there again but probably earlier than 10 am on a weekend"
"This place was so worth it! We all enjoyed our breakfast immensely. The pancake flight was such a great option and I'm usually only a so so pancake fan. Loved the ones we chose (cannoli, sweet potato, and blueberry lemon). The choose two bene option was delicious too. Great service to top it off."
"I give this eatery two stars. Unless your a Benny fan, not really the ideal place. My porridge was cold when it came out, as was my partners food. We were not checked on my our waiter when the food came out. The portions are small compared to price. Overall, I know a lot of people enjoy this place it's always busy. Poor service and poor quality of food. However, everyone seems to enjoy a good Benny"
"Definitely a ""cool and new"" feeling to it. They do have the hip Montrose environment to it.

However, the service was TERRIBLE. We knew that the wait was going to be an hour or so, and patiently ordered from the bar while we waited. They sat down several parties that arrived after us; we were a large group (6) and they were sitting parties of 2 people in booths that were supposed to be for 4 minimum. It looked very unorganized, the way they handled the wait time and the sitting arrangement, but, we were still not complaining at this time.

It started getting bad, when after 55 min of wait, (we were starving by this time) they sat us down, and our waitress had an awful attitude. She was HORRIBLE, rude and careless since the beginning. You could tell she was tired and it must have been a long day (we went for a late brunch on a Sunday around 2pm) She even told us that it was getting close for her time to leave. She took our orders and forgot to bring some items, rolled her eyes all the time and kept answering our questions about the menu in a very unpleasant way. When it was time to get the check, she came with the bills, and then took off for a good 15 min. By this time, we were just ready to pay and leave, since the whole experience had been bad. I had to find another server to go find our waitress. She was eating lunch in the back, since she was probably off duty at this time, and had forgotten to come charge us.

Food - it was just O.K. dinner/ brunch food. 

Not sure if it is worth the wait with such bad customer service and just average food."
"Christmas Eve tried this place for the first time and eveeything was amazing!  the omg french toast we shared was OMG delicious.  shrimp & grits...yummmm
the havana daydreaming was delicious..."
"Came here with my friend on a Tuesday afternoon around 12:30pm. The restaurant was not crowded so we were able to be seated pretty quickly. We took a booth next to the window to catch some of Houston's wonderful 80F weather.

The menu is very extensive. My friend & I took a while to decide on what we wanted. You have to read the menu carefully or else you'll skip some cool combos they offer such as the Benny Duo (combine any two egg benedicts) and pancake flight (pick 3 different flavored pancakes). You can even substitue your toast for a side of a [huge] pancake!

I chose the Benny Duo and got Salmon + Chilaquiles. It was very tasty and I enjoyed every last bite of it down to the runny egg and hash browns. 

My friend ordered the Snooze Classic and substitued her toast for the Pumpkin pancake. Can I just say..... the side pancakes are HUGE! Bigger than my whole hand. We obviously didn't finish it but I like how you get your money's worth ($4). The pumpkin pancake itself was pretty good.

If I'm ever in town I would definitely love to come back!"
Love their pancakes! Yes there seems to always be a wait but they offer you coffee and the staff is very friendly. Food is fresh and delicious. We each order a different egg dish then shared the pancake Fight after. Yum!
"I went to Snooze a couple of times now. There is always a long wait of at least 40 minutes and they do not take reservation. I'm normally not a brunch person but I do like their food. So far I tried the salmon eggs benedict, pancakes flight (sweet potato, pineapple upside down, chocolate) - all were good. Most recently I ordered take out because it takes only 15 minutes. I got the OMG french toast. I think this is least favorite so far and won't be ordering it again. 

Food rating: 
Salmon egg benedict 4/5
Pancakes flight 5/5
OMG french toast 2/5"
"Top is corn beef hash; corn beef hash was a bit too salty for me. Came w 2 eggs and your choice of tortilla or toast. Overall this breakfast was too oily for me. 


Bottom is breakfast pot pie; it was ok. 

Not sure if I will be returning."
Best breakfast place in Houston. I love everything about this place and I go here every Sunday. Only one thing I don't like is the wait but other then that the food is amazing.
"Worst black paper straws ever.. fell apart, wouldnt work.. GROSS

Food was ok.. but couldnt drink my drink"
"I am always a little skeptical when I see a business that has so many good Yelp reviews, but after checking it out for myself it all makes sense. 

This place is amazing! From the decor, to the fantastic staff, to the food. It is a home run! Customer service was top notch, not just from our server, but everyone in the place. Very very polite. 

We arrived at 7 am on a Saturday and there was no wait, which was nice. When we left at 8, there was for sure a wait. Ample parking and located directly in the center of The Montrose. 

I had the Pancake Flight (three of any of the specialty pancakes) the chicken sausage and coffee. I went with a Cinnamon Roll, Pineapple Upside Down Pancake, and a Bacon Me Crazy (the pancake of the day). All three were excellent as was the sausage. The coffee wasn't the best, but easily overlooked by all the other positives! 

Will I be back? Is tomorrow too soon???"
"First, you must know that there will be a wait. We waited an hour and fifteen minutes, 

The food:  so many options! I got the eggs Benedict Duo (You can choose two different type of eggs Benedict) and let me tell you it is amazing!!!  This is by far the best tasting brunch spot in Houston.  I was blown away by the taste of the food.  We also got the pancake flight ( you can choose three different type of  pancakes of their menu).  The pancakes were crazy delicious with a lot of flavors. I could go on and on about how delicious the food is.  It was simply the best breakfast I had in a long long time. 

This is in my top 5 list of best breakfast restaurants ever. I strongly recommend you give it a try."
"I've tried several times at the Montrose location and the newly opened location in the Heights and all the times there's been a long lines.  I just wont wait in long lines!  On this lucky occasion it was early in the a.m. on a week day and was successful to walk in and grab a seat at the bar.  I have to say, I now understand why this place draws a crowd.  Food and service were Johnny on the spot!  So many great choices and I wanted to try them all but my test dish of most breakfast places is how well do they do the standard American breakfast, which includes some sort of eggs, bacon, toast, and hash-browns.  Snooze's equivalent to this is their Snooze Classic.  What elevates their breakfast is you get three eggs, along with good portion of hash-browns.  The eggs were so fresh and tasty, in that the yolks were bright orange.  I also ordered the chorizo sausage which was a patty you could share for two.  Their coffee was equally good and of the same level of quality as their food.  What is surprising for me there was more food than I could finish, which is a very uncommon occurrence. I'll have to make it a priority to get back here again, but I'm still not going to wait in a line."
"There was nothing wrong with this place, it's just not my taste.  I enjoy a simple two egg with home fries meal.  This place seems to really capitalize on their pancakes.  I tried one, didn't like it. But to be fair, I don't like pancakes to begin with, and these were loaded with syrup and cream.  If that's your thing then you will enjoy."
"Woke up hangry around 10:30am on new years day. I knew the line was going to be long, so before everyone in the house woke up, I drove to Snooze to put my name down and was told it'd be a 75 minute wait. Perfect. I drove back home, took a nap, watched some Ozark, cleaned up a bit, then hauled the gang to Snooze. Thankfully I live about 5 min. away. Anywho, on to the food. 

pancakes- How do they get them so soft and fluffy? for some reason, we got a free pancake, compliments of the chef, but I'm not biased when I tell ya that these pancakes were amazeballs. Although, I'd prefer if they had less chocolate/syrup/sweet stuff... just a little overboard for me. 

french toast- these were good but not great... Id prob order the pancakes over this

benedict- i did the half and half.. one with barbacoa the other with prosciutto. I'd prob just stick with the barbacoa in the future. The eggs tho.. so perfectly poached and delicious. Also. ask for the hash browns EXTRA crispy- you're welcome. 

egg white fritatta- not one of my faves, but healthier than the other dishes so.. sure why not

egg white omelette- again.. too bad i have healthy friends. just kinda meh, something i could whip up at home. 

overall, I'd def come again since I live close, but I wouldn't actually wait around for an hour to eat here."
"Pros
The best bacon of my life - hands down. It was thick cut and cooked chewy, not crunchy; exactly how I like it. It had this amazing smoky flavor. I'd go back just for the bacon.

We ordered the pineapple upside down pancakes to share were very tasty and fluffy. And served with this awesome cinnamon brown butter.

I had the Chilaquiles Benedict which was awesome - especially for a person who's not super into breakfast food. The poblano hollandaise - awesome. I do wish it came with more brisket but overall I was more than pleased. 

The pear spritzer was a breath of fresh air. It's nice to have more brunch beverage offerings than just a run of the mill mimosa.

Cons
We waited at least an hour and a half but with good conversation, a few drinks and a bench outside, it wasn't that bad on a lazy Sunday."
"AMAZING food, but not necessarily worth the wait. If you can swing it, try going on a weekday morning when the crowd isn't as bad. The eggs benedict are amazing and their coffee is really good. It doesn't doesn't burnt or watered down at all."
"Where to start? It's so damn good! I had a pancake flight: blueberry, pineapple upside down and a sweet potato with pecans can't recall the name. Amazingly tasty, light, fluffy great accompaniments and really light but tasty syrup. I also had a latte which made me do a happy dance. My friend had a plain pancake, hashbrown, and chicken sausage, she was quite pleased. Her favorite thing was the apple juice which concerned us at first because it was yellow, made fresh from figure apples, it was the best she'd ever had, and she's an apple juice expeet. Love presentation, the speed of delivery, and the service. The wait was a little over an hour to be seated, but I like that they text me to let me know when it was almost time so I could return to the area. Can't wait to return!"
"Did not find Snooze to be the destination dining breakfast spot that others make it out to be.  Cute place once you get in.  But once you find parking and stand outside waiting or playing cornhole, you could be in and out of many places with better food.  Just not worth the hassle.  And we were there pretty early.  Can't imagine folks that get there after 9 or so waiting in the Houston heat.  

But maybe we ordered the wrong things.  We had the pancake sampler which was creative but the flavors/textures just weren't memorable.  

Ham Benedict - our favorite part was the smoked cheddar hollandaise.  But the English muffin was tough to cut/chew.

The hash brown concoction is amazing to look at.  Cool creation.  But you need to like black pepper and onion to really enjoy it.

We ordered a side of bacon and most of it was left uneaten.  How does a breakfast place mess up bacon?

The best part of Snooze was how friendly every single one of the staff members were.  They were super nice, helpful and welcoming.

But when it comes down to it, I'm there for the flavors.  Do I like the food enough to come back?  No."
Wait was long but you can order drinks from the bar while you wait bc u will wait. Lol. Parking also stinks. The parking lot may hold 20 cars. The food tho... Amazeballs. I had the pancake flight and deluxe potatoes I think was the name.  The service is really good too!
"Literally the best place, ever!!!! Awesome service, great food, and a vibe that this city hadn't seen yet. Kandra is hands down the best server on a Friday morning to have, and I will be back, multiple times! Got the corned beef hash with jalapeños added, amazing!!! And the pancake trio - get the blueberry one, you'll thank me later! Had to add this, when you Snooze, you win!"
"The food was outstanding! Everyone in my party started with fun drinks (which were half off since we are healthcare professionals). The food was delicious, some in my group got eggs Benedict, pancakes, waffles and I tried the breakfast sandwich. The sausage was a little spicy on my sandwich but I had bites off everyone's plate and nothing on the table was bad. Highly recommend waiting for this place, it was very good!"
"During my Freshman year of college in Fort Collins, CO I used to go here every Sunday. They had the best vanilla lattes and eggs benedict. When I transferred to ASU my sophomore year, you can imagine how much I missed my favorite breakfast place. So when I heard that they were opening one out here in AZ, I was ecstatic. The menu was almost the same but more expansive and a little more ""southwest"" than the rocky mountain counterpart that I was used to.  

I had my all-time favorite, the Bella! Bella! Benny without meat. It was divine. They top it with  a perfect balsamic reduction and creamy cheesy hollandaise sauce. It's on a bed of arugula and small crostini. It's a dream. They recently started allowing 1/2 and 1/2 where you can choose two benedicts for your plate instead of two of the same. I think this is such a cool concept, but I always stick with my go-to. 

My boyfriend gets The B.E.A.T Sandwich. The man gives that Guy Fieri look to me every time. You know, the one when something is really, really....REALLY good. Guy, if you're reading this, you HAVE to come visit this place. 

Expect a wait for a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning, but it's definitely worth it! They text you on your phone so you are free to roam around the shopping center while you wait. If you're anything like me and you end up here after a night out on the town, there's a Nordstrom Rack right next door to get a change of outfit."
"This was my first time in the Phoenix area and a quick search put me on to Snooze. I visited the location on Camelback and was pleasantly surprised by my experience. 

First, I LOVE that they text you when your table is about to be ready. I was able to walk around with my 1.5 year old and keep him happy and entertained instead of being stuck within earshot of the host. 

Second, the staff was so amazing with my little guy. It had been a long weekend for him because, 1.) It was his first time driving for so long and 2.) He got sick while we were in Phoenix. While at Snooze he perked up for the first time all weekend and decided he wanted to be friends with and held by various members of staff. Everyone was so happy to have a chat with him and those he wanted to hold him did so without a second thought. I generally discourage him from having strangers hold him, but there was just such great heart towards him that I did not mind at all. 

Third, even though I was told there was a bit of a wait, we were seated within 15 minutes. Not much of a wait at all if you are used to Southern California. 

Fourth, they let you order half portions! My 2 favorite breakfasts are eggs Benedict and French toast. If a restaurant has both I'm usually torn, choose one, and wish I had chosen the other the whole meal. I was torn between the OMG French toast and the holiday Benedict. When I mentioned it and asked which I should go for my waitress informed me of their half portions and brought me both!

There were a few things I was not so crazy about. One, the music inside is insanely loud. This is not the place for a hangover brunch or intimate conversation unless you sit outside. Thankfully we were seated outside and the weather was nice. Two, the waitress was very nice, but never introduced herself and was not seen often while I was there. I babysat my drinks to make sure they lasted me until I could request more. I believe I only saw my waitress twice after she took my order, not including asking for and paying the bill. Three, the prices aren't bad until you see the portion sizes. I did order half portions, but even for being half they were small. They quite possibly serve the tiniest English muffins on the planet, ditto on the poached egg.  My half portion of French toast was one small piece of toast cut up into little wedges. Very cute, very tasty, probably not filling. Perhaps portions are larger when you order the full size?

Overall, it was a good experience. The food was good and I am now addicted to pork belly bacon."
"My go-to brunch place on weekdays (when the line is less crazy) when I'm too lazy to look up another place that serves brunch on weekdays (come on Houston..)

Coffee - The complementary coffee when you wait is good enough for me to take it black!
Food - I've tried 4 different benedicts and a couple pancakes, nothing has disappointed!
If you, like me, like to try a bit of everything, I recommend getting the benny duo and the pancake flight to share with your also adventurous foodie friend!
Service - 5/5.

I can't wait to go back and try out the rest of their menu!"
"Pancake flights are creative and scrumptious. Get one for the table! Their coffee is good, and the staff is super friendly!"
"We were visiting Houston and were told this was one of the best places for Brunch. They were definitely correct. The wait for was about 45 minutes at around 10:30am but we just went and walked around outside looking at the houses so it went fast. When we got sat, our waiter was very friendly and had no issue explaining stuff we did not know about. I had the pancake trio and it was beyond amazing. It was the perfect amount of sweet and savory! I highly recommend this eatery!"
Over-rated. Service is slowwww. Wasn't impressed with the bar server mistreating some black men.
"Wait was estimated to be 1 1/2 hours, waited more like 2, but in all fairness we picked Memorial Day.
Our party thought it was not worth the wait, but props at least that it was pretty good food. Above average but not stunning. Restaurant environment was busy and crowded (I think rushing staff knocked an umbrella of ours) but I liked the bright colors.

Table ordered:
chiaqueles (sp?) egg benedict w barbacoa

ham eggs benedict

pancake flight (choose 3 combo: cinnamon roll, blueberry, OMG french toast)

My personal favorite was the cinnamon roll pancake! Everyone was a fan of the chiaqueles egg benedict. Also liked the OMG french toast.

Maybe I'm just not a fan of fruit sauces, but the blueberry pancake wasn't as good as the rest.

Again, it was good food, but I have had better for shorter waits. Still worth visiting if you're willing to wait quite a while.

Overall 7.5/10!"
"Wow now that's the best brunch I've had in a while
The waiting time is a bit long even though they were not extremely busy there was no wait for the table is the but the service was decent as for the food to die for everything was absolutely delicious in fact the coffee was so good I decided to get a bag of beans to go for 11 bucks. 
Eggs looked as good as they tasted super white and hashbrowns were just like I like them crispy but not over done oh in the pork belly  a.k.a. bacon just done right nice fat and not overly cooked.
Sourdough toast with blackberry preserves yummy.
Can't call this place a favorite yet but I'm sure I'll be back
I think I'll have to try most of the menu hear what other people were having looked very good as well as Justin he said it was very delicious as well or so he says and he's very picky.
I'm passive  I just don't say nothing and don't come back he however if something isn't right he'll send it back."
"Visited on a Sunday around 9am. The wait was about 45 minutes - not too bad and there is a texting system so we were able to wait in our cars. Parking is not so great . There is a small lot in front of the establishment, but there was a decent amount of street parking at this time. Upon entry, I noticed the inside was extremely small and folks were waiting in line near the tables which is a little awkward if your table is near the front. Our server was amazingly sweet! A few minutes after we ordered our food we were gifted with a complimentary pancake! I don't really care for foods that are super sweet, but this pancake was delicious ! Will definitely visit again around the same time. Later on the line outside grew much longer !"
"Long, long wait for my girlfriend and I (45-1 hour on Sunday, around 1pm) but the food made it worth it! Very quaint place, with excellent food and terrific bus/service staff!!! :)"
Good service food was good! But beware of the grease. The wait on the weekend is usually an hour. The parking is another story. If you don't have a European car you won't be able to park in the front of the restaurant.
"Went in at about 11 am on a Friday with no reservation. as expected, there was a wait, maybe 30 mn, but, since i was alone, i was seated immediately at the bar. nice atmosphere, wait staff and others were singing along with the tunes. ordered cafe latte, standard breakfast of eggs poached, sausage, hash browns, and english muffin. 
Cafe latte was OK (admit i am a coffee snob/snot), eggs, english muffin, and sausage slightly above average. Hash browns--best ever, i would return if only for the hash browns."
It's worth the 30 to and hour wait! Pancakes are a must and can't go wrong with coffee
"OOHmygosh!!!! we got there at 1pm and there was a 45 minute wait. they take your cell number and text you when table is ready.
while waiting, of course we partook in some cocktails...the wait at the bar was long because there was only 1 bartender and 1 food runner for patrons eating at bar...but, let me say...Sir Louie handled it all with a smile and calm demeanor.

i had the Bangkok Bloody Mary...and, it was super tasty. loved it. friend had a palimosa [?] grapefruit mimosa...she liked it but switched to the bangkok!

after steadily watching the bar area for people to leave...about 35 min in--i saw and opportunity and QUICKLY grabbed 2 seats at the bar [first come first serve] ...BAHHAAHA...if you SNOOZE...you loose!! 
texted the hostess we were seated.  

we got the ""special"" pancake of the day...blueberry, coffee, powdered sugar cake of pure ecstasy and a BEAT sandwhich [bacon, egg, avacado and tomato] with fresh fruit...it was fantastically yummy! it took about 15 min to get the food...but, it was soo worth it.

GREAT PLACE FOR BRUNCH...but, go when they first open or about 130-2p right before they close to beat the crowds

KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK SNOOZE"
"This would probably be voted as my favorite breakfast spot for 2018.  I have tryed to get into this place two times prior and failed. I decided to change it up and come on a saturday at 10am. (Major success!)  The wait tune was one hour. While you wait there is a area near the hostess area that provides free coffee while you wait. My wait turned out to be around 45 mins.  You can come with a group but I wouldn't recommend over six.  They dont seem to have larger tables available. The menu has lots of healthy options.  My server was very friendly the food was so damn good!  I ordered the Sam I Am sandwich and substituted the sausage for bacon and opted for lightly scrambled eggs with light cheddar cheese.  The hashbrowns were the perfect size and seasoned well. I didnt even need ketchup but may I suggest adding the Basil hot sauce.  I gave the hashbrowns a very unique flavor. My friend ordered the Sweet Potatoe Pancakes with Chicken sausage.   I liked her food better than mine. The chicken sauce is flavored and a lil spicy. I plan to only order that as a healthier option.  In additiom we each ordered drinks O think she had the Pomegranate Mimosa and I ordered the Grapefruit mimosa.  It was great and well worth $8. Overall great place to eat if you have time to wait and I assume they have Wi Fi as I saw a few people with laptops at tge bar. The only downfall would be the lack of parking available, wait times, and tge fact that they close at 2:30pm each day. I think they should have at least one day the are open later.  This is a must try!!!!!!!!"
"Although not quite living up to the hype just yet, I think several more visits are warranted. The house blend coffee is a great way to start. I really didn't think much of the breakfast burrito (3/5) as it tasted more like a bean burrito than anything else. I would suggest ordering it without the beans. 

On the positive side, pancakes are pretty good. After tasting the flight, I would recommend the plain, blueberry (danish), and finally the chocolate chip. 

Service is really great here and I was really impressed with management. I will be back to try out more of the menu. Just remember to expect a 15-30 minute wait."
"My boyfriend's parents were in town and our favorite breakfast taco joint in our neighborhood was closed for repairs. I'm not much of a breakfast person, but I've been to Snooze in Austin and knew there would be something for everyone to choose from.

My boyfriend and I are both vegans so we were limited to one dish, but that dish is delicious! The parents ordered a ham benedict and a chilquiles benedict. My boyfriend and I went with the tofu scramble with three ingredients of our choosing and flour tortillas. 

Everyone raved about their food and all of our plates were empty. We came in on a Tuesday around 7:30 and were able to get a parking spot and a table. The restaurant itself isn't very big so I can see the issue of a long wait on the weekends. There have to be only 15 tables in the whole place so I would recommend going on a random weekday.

All in all, the service was a tad slow and our pico was forgotten for our scramble but the food was delicious and our waitress was super sweet.

For the vegans out there:

1. Make sure to order your tofu scramble cooked in oil instead of butter. They automatically use butter if you don't specify.
2. They offer almond milk for your coffee for no additional charge.
3. They have Soyrizo! Drool......
4. Their bread isn't vegan, but the flour tortillas they serve are Mission brand which are vegan."
"Amazing place! The food is different and delicious! 
We get the pineapple mimosas, the sweet potato pancake (a must) and the Elote Benedicts (amazing!!!) will def come back!"
Great meal I feel is much worth the long wait. I'll be back again! I try them in every city I can.
"I've been to the location in Denver & wanted to see if Houston could keep its great reputation. Came here on a Sunday to find out there was a 1 1/2 wait, so we didn't even bother. Tried the next day & only waited 15 minutes, so I recommend everyone to go on a weekday possibly Monday - Wednesday. We did keep ourselves busy for that time playing jenga. 

We ordered:
* Spicy Bloody Mary
* Moheatoh
* Benny Duo (Benny Goodman & Chili Verde Benny) -- Recommend this to anyone who wants to try different things
* Drunken Monkey French Toast -- Best thing we ordered! Sweet but not over powering & the banana was cut in half & caramelized. 
* House coffee -- Very rich
* Vanilla latte -- Was okay, not the greatest"
The best chicken soup in Houston. The service is excellent and they have healthy choices for children. My husband loves lentil sausage soup.
"This place is always good, but today it was just okay. The food was not warm, but not cold it must have been sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time. Regardless the Benny Goodman was decent, and I'll keep coming back."
I would say this was definitely worth the hour and a half wait for brunch. The food was absolutely wonderful and the mimosas were on point. I'm a huge fan of pancakes and there choices are just so much to choose from. I would say order a couple of items when coming here because I'm warning you now it's all worth it.
It was super super good! The food is sooo worth it! I ordered the OMG French toast along with eggs Benedict and it did not disappoint! The only problem was the 30-40 min wait but it was worth for the food! I will come back soon!
"Trendy but unimpressive breakfast chain. Expect long waits for a table and a menu full of pancakes adorned with confectionary gimmicks.  I have eaten here twice and each time found 1+ hr weekday waits (even at the seat yourself counter), indifferent wait staff (unless you know someone, wink, wink), underdone pancakes and overdone bacon.  I really didn't enjoy their food. But, I like fully cooked pancakes with fresh fruit in the batter.  If you like $6 cupcakes with a 3"" crown of icing & sprinkles, and frequently employ the word ""ahh-may-zing"" this might be your place."
"Very very mediocre  experience!! So Beyonce weekend me and bestie i town, our Lyft driver suggest this place. We look on yelp, food looks good. We are like ok. Let's try. So we get here, and are told we have about 60-90 min wait. We are like ok fine. We get to the bar, and wait for a drink. It was a jalapeño margarita. Not the best! Ok. So let me try to break down my problems with this establishment. 
1. Tell and spell the host my name!! 3 times!! Yes spell it three times, and when later asking about position, they couldn't find it because the host apparently didn't CARE to get it right. 
2. BEYONCE WEEKEND- this place is super slow on the wait time, because apparently people are placed on a wait list, texted when their spot is available, and given no specific amount of time to respond or to come back, we were told my management, well whenever they do decide to come back, we have to put them on the top of the list! Like WTH. I have NEVER in my history of going to a restaurant ever heard of this stupid policy. So that literally means, tables are open, while people or standing up crowded waiting to be seated, and i mean multiple tables. It's also a busy weekend, why is this placed not staffed better, to help get customers in and out. 
3. After the excruciating long wait, my friend and I order. After ordering and waiting about 5 mins, we are informed that this Brunch spot, is out of shrimp for the shrimp and grits. Like HOW?, so now we must go back to the drawing board to figure out what we want. 
4. The chairs are crazy uncomfortable, and the food is very mediocre. The pancakes were good. The tacos were bland. 
5. Ask for plastic silverware as well, or your silverware may have someone else's leftovers on them like mine did. 


So long wait.. unorganized... not that efficient for larger crowds.. with Medicare food"
"First off, there will be a wait if you decide to come in the mid-morning, so be prepared for that. Walked in and was greeted by the friendly host. She automatically put us (it was a group of three) on the waiting list. However, she did give me tip to just wait until three seats was open at the bar and we can sit there. Soon, there were three seats available and we just sat ourselves after. The bartenders were beyond attentive and great, the food was awesome and delightful! After telling them it was my birthday, they gave me a complimentary pancake and a mimosa! All was so wonderful for my dining experience especially with my order. Their omelette and hash-browns were awesome and plated beautifully. The overall atmosphere is very modern with a splash of chic! Trust me, going here will be worth the wait! I highly recommend anyone who comes out to Houston to visit here! You will not regret it."
"This is probably my favorite breakfast place in the World! Before I ever came here, I hated pancakes. Blueberry, Strawberry or any type of pancake was yuck. So then I came here, they didn't have waffles so I got a pancake. I was just getting prepared to have the worst pancake ever. I ordered a Blueberry Pancake AND IT WAS AMAZING! My mouth was bursting with flavor and ate it in about a minute. Their sausage was also amazing and so was their bacon.

On the other hand, I have a couple of complaints. When we we're waiting for our food, a dog came up and started licking me. I was so grossed out because I don't like dogs. Then once I was in the restaurant, our waiter started giving the dog food and petting it. I don't know if she washed her hands, but I do know that I was feeling uncomfortable. When a couple of kids starting playing catch on the other side of the fence, the dog stated barking like crazy. Here's me trying to enjoy my meal, and here's a dog barking way too loud. I don't want any dog germs on the food that I'm eating and I want to enjoy my meal(without barking). They shouldn't allow pets at a restaurant or any restaurant because it's incredibly gross."
"If you come on a Saturday morning after 9am forget about it!  With that said the food can be best described as diabolical! If your New Years resolution involves decreasing your caloric intake, stir clear of this place because it will make you reassess your life priorities.  Gas for the car or order another pancake."
"Pro: Ambiance, colors scheme and outdoor games. Extremely friendly wait staff, even when managing a busy restaurant. Sitting st the bar looked like a ton of fun. 

Con: WEAK bloodies beware. Eggs Benedict was undercooked (both mine and hers). Pancake (blueberry danish) did not at all resemble anything danish like, and was really just plain pancake mix with blueberries. Plates are smaller than appear in pictures, especially for the price."
One of the best breakfast joints in town. Make sure to get there early or have reservations ahead of time! Professional staff!
Service was nothing short of fantastic! Decent wait for a Sunday morning brunch spot...about 45 minutes but completely worth the wait. Had the breakfast burrito and the green salsa over the top of the burrito was especially delicious. Fully met my expectations and will return often.
"The food I got was not good! But I ate because i needed food in my system. I ordered the breakfast special with eggs over hard, chicken sausage & hash browns
Hash browns were so bland. Eggs over hard looked weird idk maybe it is a Texas thing. And chicken sausage was too sweet. The mimosa was the best thing about it. Theresa was attentive despite being busy. Would not recommend to anyone!!!!"
"Super chic bf environment. Great menu. Looooooooong wait. They should seriously reconsider expanding. 
Highly recommended for pancakes."
"2nd visit to Snooze was bad. Subpar slow service, cold food, and long red curly hair embedded in my French toast. Details: I ordered the same exact classic Snooze breakfast with scrambled eggs and cheese, sub OMG toast. I was sooo good the last time - I had been craving more for weeks. I ordered for pick up just like the last time. I prefer pick up because it is so busy and crowded in there. Anyway, my estimated 15 min pick up time turned into 35 minutes. By the time I got my food it was cold - except the hash browns. My eggs were cold and barely had cheese. My bacon was cold and super greasy. My OMG toast was cold and had a long red curly hair in between the filling of my toast. Gross. Mind you- this is a 2 minute walk to my destination to eat it. Just like the last time. So obviously it was sitting there a long while. Everyone kept asking the 5 hostesses crowded around the front talking to check on their tables and food. I had to ask 3 x. so to pay $17, wait 35 min, then get cold greasy food with hair in it is a waste of my time and money. I feel sick to my stomach. Will be a long while before I eat here again. Probably sometime around Neverary."
Really disappointed with this place. It was so hot and humid inside and we had small bugs flying around us the entire time we were seated. I got the benny duo and my husband got the burrito. Both items were alright but I wouldn't wait almost 2 hours for them (1 hour wait to be seated and the other for food).. There are much better options in Houston without a wait that long. Service was good for us and they do try to make your wait more bearable by providing free coffee. I most likely wont be back.
"The food was excellent.
The service was so-so.
I may just be an old guy, but as I customer I expect to be treated better than the other employees.
The hostesses seemed more interested in showing each other things on their phones than seating customers.  We were there at 8:30 on Saturday morning, and it was a short wait.

They seem very proud of their coffee, I found it a bit watery and an earthy taste.

The pot pie breakfast was superb.  Best hash browns I had in the city.
My wife was very happy with her dish as well. She had the Snooze Spuds deluxe.

The music was very loud for early morning.

The best experience was with the young man handing the parking!!

Again, excellent food.  I would encourage the managers to step up their training of their waitstaff and their front desk folks.

There are a lot of places I can spend $30 for breakfast (or a lot less) and feel good when I leave"
"Very good! The drunken monkey french toast is the best thing in the menu!  breakfast pot pie is good and unique. Everyone raves about the pancakes but I've never had them. My stepmom said she loved the hummingbird pancakes. 

If you want a healthy option the quinoa bowl is a favorite of mine. They have the best hot sauce!"
"Great place. There is FREE parking in the next lot. People may think there's a parking fee because there's an ""attendant"" there. We got there around 7:30ish. Parking attendant said the wait is not bad at that time. He was right. Took less than 5 minutes I think. Was greeted with a smile when we got in. There was a line around 8. We got the booth. Quick and friendly service. Great food. It was on the pricey side, but well worth it just to even try out the place. Clean restroom. A-lox-is was our server. Yes, that's how they spelled her name on my check. I got the Bella Bella Benny and Mocha drink with almond milk (extra .75 for non dairy milk). Delish! Had the hollandaise sauce on the side since I can't have dairy. Will definitely come back."
"Snooze is a wonderful breakfast spot
In downtown Houston. The meals are prepared with local produce and meats, and the portions are generous. Definitely will return, and will look for their other restaurants in Cali, AZ!"
"I'm visiting from Detroit, Michigan and stumbled upon this place for breakfast. The food is amazing. Great menu selection. Nice and clean. Super busy on Sundays but worth the wait if I don't say so myself. Wait staff was great"
"Worth the long wait on weekends. They allow you to leave your name on the waiting list and text you once your table is ready! Great food, great service, and I love their pancakes. The menu has a wide variety to choose from."
A nice spot for breakfast. Wonderful selection of pancakes and omelets. Still draws large crowds on the weekends.
"We came around 1:40PM. Checked in and gave them my name and number and was told it would be an hour for the wait. It didn't matter because my boyfriend and I really wanted to try this place since the reviews looked so good! We waited in our car for the wait since we didn't want to lose our spot in the lot. They have 2 small lots. 
Once I received a text message saying to check in (the wait was around 40 mins instead of an hour) we walked in and was seated. It was a small restaurant with a bunch of people in it. 
We were greeted by the manager who was superrrrrr sweet. She took our drink orders and had such a pleasant personality!! Making us laugh and feel very welcomed (Thank You)!
Our server comes and we place our order. Everything on the menu does not come with the typical eggs, bacon, hash brown deal it is separate. I feel like no one said that in the Yelp reviews so just adding that in. Everything was fairly priced though. I ordered the French Toast Neat with hash browns and bacon and my boyfriend ordered the Breakfast Tacos with chorizo and hash browns (Our server did try to add on a few things to our meals like an additional pancake etc.). While we were waiting I realized I had a friend that worked there Stephon who gave us a pancake to try (Apple Pie) and it was soooooo delicious so I was excited for our meal. The wait for our food was pretty long but worth it. The food was excellent and we loved the salsa's they brought out for his tacos (we ended up buying them after we left at the Whole Foods). All in all everything was amazing food was great and we will come again!! Thank you to the manager and Stephon for making our first visit amazing!!! 

*** I couldn't wait to eat so I took a bite before I took the pic lol"
So good! Get here early though or you will be waiting quite a while.  Friendly staff. Delicious food. We always try the pancake of the day. Breakfast tacos and omelettes are very good.  The pancake of the day has been out of this world good and the servers are so kind!! What a great way to wake up in the morning
"I've been wanting to try this place for awhile but the wait is always super cray. Decided to give it a go. The wait was 45 minutes to an hour... ok. I've waited for two hours on the reg for Hula Hut in Austin. I can do an hour. Um, no. Started off outside.... copped a squat on the curb but after 30 minutes the sun was cooking me and I don't have much padding on my backside so I wandered inside for some AC and give da booty a break. They have complimentary coffee but only have that green crap to sweeten it with. Coffee was mediocre at best. I waited about 50 minutes total. The waitstaff was excellent. Loved my waitress. I started off with a spicy Bloody Mary. Holy crap it was good. Ended up drinking two of them. I ordered the breakfast pot pie and I couldn't decide between the sweet potato pancakes and the OMG French Toast. The waitress offered to bring me a half order of the French toast and a sweet potato pancake ""on her."" I know they do this all day long. I wasn't special. But I took the offer anyway. The French toast was ok. The sweet potato pancake was awesome. The breakfast pot pie was pretty good as well. My favorite part was the Bloody Mary though. All in all, I would go back and try some other items, if the wait wasn't as long. I don't think the food is worth a 1-2 hour wait. Not sure what the hype is all about. It's no Biskit Junkie."
"I'd give the food a 4 stars rating, however the lack of parking and long wait time really knocks it down for me. I came around 10 am on a Friday and had to wait about 45 min for a seat and another 45 min for the food. We parked in the street. However the staff was very nice and accommodating. 

I'm a big coffee drinker and their House Blend is some of the best ever! Another must get are their Molten Chocolate pancakes! Yaaaaas!! Their hash browns are great too, unlike any I've had. The egg white omelet was a bit too greasy in my opinion, but it's rare to find an omelet that isn't."
"I gave 3 stars b/c the food I ordered was good, and I might go back in a few months after the ""new"" has worn off. I will say I was pleasantly surprised by the reasonable prices. BUT this place pretty much hit all my pet peeves about restaurants - 1. Very loud music making it nearly impossible to carry on a conversation or hear the server 2. Inadequate waiting area inside (esp since it started pouring down rain 10 mins after we arrived) 3. inadequate parking 4. atmosphere of barely controlled chaos among the staff.
I do wish they we're open for dinner b/c most of the menu is nap-inducing. I'd love to be able to eat a huge serving of pancakes and not feel guilty about falling asleep afterwards."
"Hip eatery discovered on Yelp and a nice spot t stop in for breakfast before exploring. It gets busy but they seem to move folks in and out quick and have a lot of seating.

The prices are slightly higher than the norm in Phoenix but the location is probably to blame. None the less, the food is good and the menu is large.

Good spot for the kids because it gets quite loud inside."
"The service was good once we got seated. I don't mind long waits for good food but they were not organized. We checked in, received a message confirming our table set up and checked in, was told two people were in front of us but 6 parties were called. Suddenly we we were not on the wait list. We lost our inside table and got seated outside. The food is delicious."
"SO delicious. Literally 5-10 min between sitting, ordering & receiving our food. The menu can be changed in any way. These people have BREAD, literally if you ask for options the only kind they don't offer is the green kind. I had the OMG French toast... & OMG! Warm & soft as a cloud. Another server recommended the cinnamon roll pancakes, and I can't even imagine an adjective that can better explain the fluffy amazingly sweet deliciousness. My Friend had the egg white omelette & she raved about it until we got home (15 mins away). The server offered her the green salsa from Austin, and she declined at first but after trying she never picked up the cholula sauce again. Basically, take the servers recommendations! The place is beautiful, a very minimalist style. Parking is a little tough, but if you can parallel take a spot in the front! 

Will be back to try other options!"
"This place is so cute! The food is absolutely delicious and the customer service is outstanding.

My friends and I weren't sure what to order, so our waiter gave us some awesome recommendations to alter each order to our own taste. The pancakes are huge, fluffy, and they melt in your mouth (I would order one of each if I could eat that much)."
"This place just opened up within the last three weeks and I heard good reviews about this place. Be prepared to wait it's slammed busy. I waited over 40 minutes for egg tacos and they were made wrong. The decor is nice and hip. The parking really does suck here. Can it be any smaller? Oh, the people working here kinda looked a little to grungy for me. 

For the food:  

1. A lot of breakfast food dishes.
2. A lot of choices of food."
"""Happy Days Meet The Jetsons"" is Snooze!!!!

Drove by - line around the block - never heard of place - Yelped and found it to be a breakfast joint - up early for meeting nearby - immediately after - drove back to check it out - so happy I did!

Walked into a motif of jacks on walls - smile broke out - put my name and cell down - no rush - had great wifi connection and there were games set up outside to kill time - finally text of table - had studied menu - know what I was going to order!

Perfect was the presentation and taste of their Benny Duo: 1) Bella! Bella! Benny: sliced cooked prosciutto, Taleggio cheese, runny poached cage farm eggs, delicious cream cheese hollandaise, drizzle of balsamic glaze and arugula at the side; and, 2) Chili Verde Benny:  fantastic pulled pork over stack of green chile sauced tortillas which felt like a tamale, intriguing green chili hollandaise, with a mild pico de gallo!  A wonderful combination!

A side of their Pineapple Upside Down Pancake I ordered also - hey, you never know if I'm coming this way again right? - well OMG - it's heavenly - cinnamon roll with chunks of pineapple - YUM!

Looking forward for them to open one in Dallas in a few years I'm told!  In the meantime, here in Texas, Austin and Houston I will make point in dropping in!

Cheers!"
"Ok. I've given this place 3 tries now. 3 strikes. 1. Service is slow. Though the waitstaff is friendly. My food was cold. 2. Food was bland and poorly prepared every time. There's nothing special. 3. Parking! This place is overrated, overpriced, and underwhelming. I would not recommend."
"Long wait. Overhyped. Food is ok and priced to match the hype. When you consider the wait and service. Eh. Save your money and your time... a little snooty and so is the clientele.

Cheers,

Miguel"
"Great, unique, quality food. We're regulars here for breakfast. They always have a long wait and don't take reservations which hopefully they change."
We tried this place when we arrived in Phoenix for the weekend. I had a breakfast sandwich on a pretzel bun it was awesome. The only thing that would have made it amazing was if the egg was sunny side up so the yolk ran over the bread. It comes with hollandaise sauce which is delicious. Super cute restaurant and service was good. Give it a try.
"I like snooze but if you do not get here early, we ready to WAIT. When we have gone earlier in the morning we've always had a great experience.
I usually get the Benny Duo and mix and match the options. All of the eggs benedict that I've tried are delicious. Don't forget the hashbrown!"
"I've been to Snooze several times. The pancake special has been excellent everytime, I love the breakfast pot pie, corned beef hash,  cocktails are delicious. It can be a long wait...but visit with the others that are waiting to help pass the time. And service is always friendly and good."
"I love this place, but I hate the wait time. If you're going to go here, go on a weekday or super early. It's not uncommon for there to be an hour long wait time. The food here is so good and tastes like warm hugs so it's definitely on the top of my list of brunch places. I enjoy their wide variety of eggs benedict and you have the option to choose 2 different ones if you're indecisive or just want to try more than 1. The ancient grains benny was surprisingly very good and flavorful. Try this if you want to have a different eggs benedict experience. You won't regret it. They also have some bomb pancake options. My favorite so far is their matcha pancake. It wasn't too sweet and didn't require any syrup since they put a matcha sauce on top of it. This was offered for only a limited time, but I sure do hope they bring it back."
"Food- 7/10
Ambience- 7/10
Service- 7/10

Usually a weight- that's a good sign. Though weight for taking and order and getting food/ coffee was about 1hr 10 min (after waiting for 30 min for availability of table) 
But coffee was good
We ordered Huevos Rancheros which were average but the flight of pancakes was delicious! Side of hash browns were delicious as well- crunchy and savory.. would try again!"
"I'd been wanting to try this place for a while, and I finally got around to it! My friend and I came here around 6:45 am, and the parking lot and the restaurant were pretty empty. I ordered the Benny Duo with a Bella Bella Benny (prosciutto) and a Benny Goodman (lox). When the food arrived, I thought the eggs Benedicts looked really small, but there was a nice heap of hash browns to balance it out (and a small salad). Everything on the plate was absolutely delicious -- the hash browns, the hollandaise, the salmon/prosciutto.... And the poached eggs ran nicely as well. I was afraid the meal wasn't going to be filling, but somehow by the end my stomach was stuffed. I do think the menu was a little pricey for the amount of food given, so even though it was delicious I wouldn't be able to come back here very often. Service was also a little slow: I think based on where our table was situated, we had trouble getting the waiter's attention sometimes. Overall, I'm really happy I finally tried Snooze as the food was amazing, but I don't think it will become a super regular stop. I definitely recommend checking it out, though."
Food is amazing. Wait time is long and parking is a hassle. That's why I'm giving it 4 stars other than that foods pretty good
"Server was Denikah. HORRIBLE service from the beginning. Waited so long for a table, drinks, food... food came out cold. Spoke to the manager. Wont ever be coming back here. Huge disappointment"
"The place is very busy be prepared to wait. The staff is very friendly and courteous. The atmosphere is very happy. As for the food its good just like in any other breakfast specialty place.Would I come back, only if I'm in the area. Surprise is just to far. In my opinion Nicks II in Surprise is better."
"Forget about your alarm. If all the buzz about Snooze isn't enough to wake you up, then maybe some Excess with a side of syrup will do the trick. I proclaim Snooze to be the BEST breakfast spot in Houston right now. Why? Well... let me explain:

1. Haven for Indecisive Diners:  I was born with this... disability. It's quite sad actually. I am completely unable to choose food items for myself due to the fear of disappointment. My indecisiveness has resulted in countless arguments and severe h-anger pains. The cure? Snooze's Pancake Flight, and the Benny Duo. Choose 3 out of 8 pancakes and 2 out of 6 benedicts. Now the only thing you'll have to decide is how you'll get home after stuffing your face with insane amounts of breakfast.

2. Quality AND Quantity:  Who says you can't have both?! My table for two was loaded to the brim with food (6 pancakes, 4 benedicts, 1 pot pie, and several drinks... stop judging me). Even the staff was impressed with our blatant lack of self control... I mean... good taste. The portions are generous and each dish was executed beautifully. I'd call this the total package. It's 2016 - is it legal to marry Breakfast yet?

3. Breakfast. Pot. PIE!!!: Move over biscuits and gravy, there's a new pastry in town. I stared in awe when the deconstructed ""pot pie"" was set in front of me. Homemade sausage gravy draped over an airy flaky puff pastry square, topped with a runny sunny-side up egg... The gravy is my second favorite in Houston (first being at the Breakfast Klub). The yolk from the sunny-side up egg gently ran into the gravy, as if they were always meant for each other... It's breakfast art is what it is!!!

4. Long Waits Made Easy:  Snooze has a line out the door by 8 AM, but don't fret. Bypass the line, get your name on the list, and give them your number. They will text/call you when your table is ready and you have 10 minutes to get back. Hang out in your car, take a stroll, enjoy the beauty that is Montrose. Time flies by when you're not handcuffed to a waiting area. They stayed within the quoted wait time window (1-1.5 hr) and even ended the text with a :) emoji. :) Indeed."
"I never give 5's but this place is amazing. The atmosphere, staff is welcoming,patient and very helpful.
Even though it get crowded the staff is way organized. Free coffee while you wait. And if you have to wait outside it's cool because you get to meet new people. Food never disappoints"
"My first time and loved it! There was so much id love to eat, but just couldn't.  I want to have a productive day instead of being drunk on pancakes.  I had the new steak eggs Benedict with a vanilla latte.  Today being the first day to launch it and nothing was wrong with it.  Great place and wonderful smiling staff.

Being in the industry myself. The staff should get a xtra star for putting on those smiles and friendly personalities so early in the morning.. Im all meh!!"
"Went Tuesday at noon and it was a very short wait! No longer than 15 mins. They text you when the table is ready which is nice because they do not have a large waiting area! There is complementary coffee while waiting (which is nice). 

Mimosas were 50% off so we tried the classic, pineapple juice and mm mm mimosa! I liked them all but my fav was mm mm mimosa! Perfect ratio. 

Food: 
Cinnamon roll pancake: recommended to us. This was soooo good! 
Sweet potato hash: Veggies were nice and crunchy, it had ground chicken sausage, kale, carrots, onion topped with two eggs of choice! Was good, could be better. I guess I have tried many other potato hashes and it needed more flavor! 
Breakfast tacos: no meat so order some! You have to order on the side. Booooooooo! 
Eggs benedict: friend ordered this. There was a veggie one and a salmon loxe one. I only tried the hollandaise sauce which I liked!

Service was great! Go RONI!

Will come back to try everything else!!!"
"Awesome brunch spot....but it is ALWAYS packed and they do not take reservations!  That being said, when I came on a Saturday I ordered my food to-go.  The Sweet Potato Pancakes were delicious...and so filling (I didn't even manage to eat them all)!  The bacon was crispy, just the way I like it.  The next time I return I'm trying the French toast, because it sounded equally good."
"From other Yelp reviews, I knew there would be a wait, so I was prepared. No problem waiting an hour and 15 minutes because I'm the meantime, had a great mimosa. Yes I know mimosas are easy, but the MMM MMM Mimosa had the perfect balance of OJ and champagne and touch of pomegranate was delish. Once seated, they promptly took my order, the cold brew iced was so good, a great roast. Ordered my food pretty quickly but within 30 minutes, still hasn't arrived. I didn't mind this because managers came over and acknowledged and apologized for the wait. For me, that's still good customer service and I wasn't in a rush. Then they brought all of my food except my chicken sausage which they told me was coming right away. Twenty minutes later, sausage never came. Sorry, pancakes without the sausage just not the same. The manager said she would bring it and take it off the bill, again very apologetic but 15 minutes later, no sausage. Other tables had the the same issue with waiting a long time for food to come. So I give it three stars because of those issues, would totally go 4.5 for food alone. I'll come back and give it another chance to see if they can work out the kinks.

Came back, no service glitches. Excellent French toast! I am a convert."
"VEGAN REVIEW:

The wait for Snooze was about 30 minutes on a weekday afternoon.

The menu items are not indicated or labeled 'vegan', but there are a few dishes that are easily veganizable. As per my waitress, below are the dishes that can be made vegan. As always, be sure to check with your waiter/waitress when ordering!

- the Snooze Classic 
- Scramble
- Snooze Spuds Deluxe
- Juan's Breakfast Tacos
- Snooze Breakfast Burrito

I ordered the scramble, which is generally made with eggs, but for vegans, it's done with tofu. With the scramble, you get 3 add-ons. I got spinach, mushrooms, and soy chorizo. The dish also came with hash browns and a choice between flour or corn tortillas. I got the corn. This tofu scramble was one of the best tofu scrambles I've had. I liked that I was able to ""customize"" it by choosing what to add to it. The hash browns were browned to perfection and very comforting to eat. The only thing that I did not like about my dish was the tortillas! The corn tortillas were a bust: stale, dry, and just not good. I really hate wasting food and will never usually throw food away but I could not eat those tortillas, so I ended up leaving them on my plate. 

A tip my waitress left me that might be helpful to other vegans is that if the hash browns are rounded in appearance, like they have been cooked in a cookie cutter, that means they have butter in them. If the hash browns are flat (see pictures), that means there's NO butter in them and they are vegan-friendly. 

A tip from me: try the Yellowbird Serrano hot sauce. It is SO good and might make you want to steal a bottle for yourself! Don't fret - you can buy the hot sauce at some local Sprouts and Whole Foods :)"
Love going to brunch here. The drinks are delicious and the food is amazing. My favorite is Chili Verde Benedict.
"With all of the hype from this place, I was just waiting to be disappointed. I thought there was no way that a place could be THAT good as the 300 reviews say it is. 

Well it proved my skepticism wrong and it really is THAT good! 
The menu has something for everyone and is the perfect brunch spot. 

I went to Snooze at 10 AM on a Friday, thinking it wouldn't be too long of a wait since it's still in the work week, well I was wrong. We had a 30 minute wait and by the time we got seated at 10:30, it was an hour wait! (Makes me wonder about the weekend) They do offer free coffee while you wait in little orange planter like cups and have corn hole outside. You can also grab a drink at the bar if it's a Bloody Mary type of morning but there is very little waiting area inside. They have a system where they text you when it's ready instead of those buzzers that won't go off if you're too far away, so go search the as seen on tv section at cvs like we did! 

We got seated outside and I recommend telling the hostess to seat you under a shaded area. Unfortunately not all tables are under umbrellas so at a table facing the east you can imagine trying to converse and even see your food. We asked the waitress and another gentlemen working if we could move the umbrella closer because they easily could cover two tables. They said they would ""check on it"" and then never had the decency to come back and say no or F off or anything. As stated earlier this place is super busy so I understand things slipping through the cracks but it really took away from the experience and that is why I am taking a star away. 

Now that the negativity is over, I would most certainly give this place 100 stars for the food! 
It is delicious!!!! 

We could not decide between pancakes or the eggs Benedict. So we decided to get both. I ordered a single smashing pumpkin(I think it's seasonal) pancake that comes with cream cheese dollop I'm the center with a delicious cinnamon syrup. It was the perfect fluffy pancake. My aunt ordered he upside pineapple pancake and she loved hers! Hers come with a cinnamon butter pat on top. 

Just as I thought I should've just stuck to the pancakes, the Benedict comes out! Unable to ever make a decision, they give the perfect option for us. The Benny Duo! You can pick two different eggs Benedict, and I picked the Late Harvest and the chilaquiles Benedict. 

The Chilaquiles Benedict was the star of the show. It come on a bed of ranchero sauced tortillas with barbacoa and green chiles with the perfect egg and poblano pepper hollandaise on top. 

The harvest Benedict is every veggie lovers dream and a great pair with the bold flavors of the chilaquiles. It is served on a bed of pepper grits with kale, cauliflower, sun dried tomatoes and probably other veggies I couldn't see because I was being blinded by the sun. Topped with an egg and cheddar cheese hollandaise. 
Um yummmmmm! 

I am so glad I finally got the experience the hype of Snooze!"
"Boyfriend and I came in on a Wednesday morning for breakfast, there was a 45 min wait which was acceptable because it was really busy. We tried to get bar seating but someone beat us to it and the barback came over said he would try to save a spot for us which was nice. We eventually got a seat and the bartender was busy with server tickets but as soon she was done she took care of us with water and OJ. Our food came out in a timely manner and it was delicious. We got the benny duo, omg French toast, bacon, and sausage links. The bartenders name on the ticket was SIR LOUIS we left very full and happy. 

Came back on a busy Sunday and the same bartender took care of us despite the crowd. And we got a free pancake. Snooze never disappoints and this bartender deserves a raise"
The food is inventive if not consistent. Snooze as a chain is at the top of their game above Firstwatch in taste and ambience. But their service is hit and miss and sometimes the food has been cold when arriving (expediting isn't that great). They should hire more than hipsters to serve people.
"If you're in town, Snooze is the breakfast/brunch place to be, I love this place! 

First, let's get the downsides out of the way: the wait for this place is famously long unless you go on a weekday and parking can be a hit or a miss. When I try to come on the weekends, it's usually around a 45 min - 1.5 hr wait, but you do have the option of getting an order to go. There are also some corn holes outside so you can kill time lol.

Otherwise, the food here is amazing! I highly recommend getting the flight of pancakes, and then I highly recommend the sweet potato pancake because it's so moist, fluffy, and then topped off with candied pecans and what's not to drool about over that. There's always also a pancake of the day flavor so be sure to try that. 

As for savory food, I've tried the Benny Goodman (basically a lox on bread, really good but also has a ton of cream cheese), the Sweet Brown Hash (lots of potatoes with gochujang on top, can't go wrong), and the Breakfast Pot Pie (great savory option)."
"Price - Benny Duo was 15.75, the drink was 8, so plus tip you leave breakfast/brunch with a full stomachs and about 25$ short. I'd say it's a fair price, definitely not cheap, but next time I can do without the drink. Eggs Benedict were well worth the price.

Experience - Eating here has inspired me to try making hollandaise sauce and Eggs Benedict at home to recreate the flavors. We came early, maybe 40 minutes after they have opened, but the place was already packed. From the very extensive menu, I narrowed down to my main goal which were the Eggs Benedict, but even with the 6 options, all seemed so promising that I had to go with the Benny Duo - the half and half option that let the indecisive eater chooses two Benny toppings. Mine was a combo of Smashed Avocado and Bella Bella (prosciutto and balsamic dressing). I ordered an AM Manhattan to really kick off the morning as well. Quick service even for a packed place.

Benny Duo - one word, heavenly! So very fulfilling with a good serving of perfectly cooked hash brown and healthy side of arugula. Smashed Avocado tasted fresh and nicely seasoned with smoked cheddar hollandaise. The balsamic glaze was a nice touch on the Bella Bella with cream cheese hollandaise. Eggs were perfectly poached.

AM Manhattan - had a nice boozy kick. Was not overpowering, still had the expresso taste. Could not say the same about my friend's Dirty Drunken Chai though, that was a mouth full of straight up rum! Maybe they forgot the ""sweet chai"" part in her order."
"My friends ended up here on a Monday morning for brunch - BEST way to start the week! The three of us arrived at 10 AM and there was only a 10 minute wait (as opposed to the groups of people waiting when we were leaving). We were seated fairly quickly. Our server was knowledgeable about the food but he was MIA for the most of our meal (which was the only downside of the morning but not enough to dock off points). I got the Snooze classic with bacon ... HOLY PIG. Seriously, some of the best bacon I have had. It was a thicker cut but still retained the crispiness. My friend had the Snooze Spuds Deluxe (which was good but I felt like their hashbrown leaves a bitter taste) and the Upside Down Pineapple Pancakes (another AMAZING dish and I don't even like pancakes that much!). My other friend got the Benny Goodman and Bella!Bella!Benny (you can mix two different types of Benedicts). She liked the Bella!Bella! Benny better because it was not as salty. They had a great selection of alcoholic beverages which we didn't try this morning. 

Bottom line - bacon is amazing, upside down pineapple pancake is amazing. Definitely go earlier in the morning if you don't want to wait too long but still worth the wait!"
"I can't believe I'm giving a 4 star review to a restaurant I like so much, but they really need to open a couple more restaurants. Both locations are wayyy too busy."
I never want to queue up for a table at a restaurant but heard so many good things I kept trying to get in....never less than 45 minutes which made me turn around and leave. I was lucky on Friday afternoon to walk straight in and get a spot at the bar. The food was superb and well priced. Worth all the hype but unfortunately not worth a 45 minute wait....
"Forget About Hurricane Harvey for a little while and hit up Snooze for breakfast. I ate there this morning and had the ""Neat"" French Toast.  

It was one of those, close your eyes and savor the moment experiences.  You must try the French Toast.  It's off the charts great.

The place is bright and cheery.  The decor is cool and in great condition.  The people are friendly and helpful.  

If you're in Houston go now.  If you're somewhere else in the country, it's worth a plane flight to go to Snooze."
"I don't know if Snooze really needs my review- the lines are always long there! But worth the wait. I love the benny duos and the bloody mary drinks. Also the coffee. 
might not order the Bacon and Eggs cocktail again though, because it tasted like pure bacon in liquid form and while some people might like that I couldn't. I need some bloody mary spice in there."
"Yummmmm! I love Snooze for multiple reasons, but their pancakes just might be #1. Snooze is so good that they are busy 24/7. You would think getting off work at 7:30 am on a Thursday would mean my coworkers and I would be seated immediately! Unfortunately not. Due to their popularity, they only seat you if your whole party is present. So while we waited for the stragglers and for a table to open up, we had some Mmm Mmm Mimosas at the bar. Once we were seated in the back (best location imo as it's further away from the hustle and bustle), we dove into our menus and ordered a variety across the table. If I see salmon on the menu, I'm most likely going to order it. So you can probably guess what meal I ended up with. The Benny Goodman eggs Benedict was hands down, fantastic! It's lox style salmon and cream cheese with poached eggs, cream cheese hollandaise and sun dried tomato and caper relish. Even with such an expansive menu to try, I would still order this again. My coworkers and I also split the Pancake Flight and went with Nana's Hot Cocoa Pancakes, Blueberry Danish Pancakes and the OMG! French Toast. All three pancakes easily cured my sweet tooth, but I think the Blueberry Danish was the best. 
Snooze is a winner in my book!"
"My friend and I decided to meet up here for breakfast, play a bit of catch-up while stuffing our faces. This location is closest to both of us, and we'd both been wanting to try it, so voilá! 

Everything everyone else says about the line is true. It's kind of insane, and a little awkward when you're eating at the bar and there are random people hanging around because theyre waiting to swoop in and take your seat when you leave. I mean, I get that they want their turn, but how about you stop lurking in my personal space? It's creepy.

Parking is another issue, but it's Montrose, so this probably isn't news to most people. I lucked out and snagged one of the parallel parking spots out front.

But, I digress. I opted for breakfast libations--hey, if mimosas are offered, who am I to say no??? There are lots of juice options for the mimosas here--orange, grapefruit, cranberry, apple, and a couple others that fail my memory right now. I opted for the apple, and I'm so glad I did! My only complaint about the mimosas here is that they don't offer carafes or pitchers. Then again, since space is an issue, I guess they don't want people lingering for TOO long at the tables/bar.

I arrived with my appetite, and opted for the Snooze classic with scrambled eggs  with jack cheese and bacon (I opted to just have my bacon mixed in with my eggs), hash browns, and a buttermilk pancake instead of toast. Yeah, that was SO much food, and I definitely didn't finish it all! It's good to know that they take their portion sizes seriously here, haha. 

The food here is a bit on the pricey side, but I felt it was money well spent for my breakfast. I work nights, and I'm VERY serious about breakfast, whether I'm cooking it or going out for it. This place will now be added to my rotation."
"I'm not a fan of the breakfast items on half the Snooze menu on a normal day, with that said, everything tasted great!"
"Places like this amaze me: great food, incredible service and a great buzz. Theresa and Corinna (Carina?) at the bar are really amazing: they are like the maestros orchestrat"
"Thank you for the free pancake this morning, John!!!!! You are a kind ray of sunshine."
"Omg im here on a 2nd take of the place and yet again im blown away by the customer service here, Corinne, Teresa, and spoons. Were the bees-knees on my birthday, they made it heart warming and homey. This is by far the best restaurant ever."
"I have been here several times now, since my best friend lives in Houston and we always come here for brunch when I am in town. This past time I visited Snooze I thought I'd switch it up and I got the Avocado Benny, AND BOY I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. The eggs were poached to perfection and the English Muffin was to die for. The presentation of the dish was also cute. Sometimes hashbrowns can be underwhelming so you gotta drown them in ketchup, but not these, meaning they were seasoned well. I like to add a little bit of spice to my dishes so I always ask for the Serrano, Yellowbird hot sauce and there's another red hot sauce I mix with but forgot what it's called, it's such a good combo for any dish. The only downfall and why I am giving them 4 stars.....is because there is ALWAYS a wait, typically around 45min to an hour. Since Snooze is a well known place and very highly reviewed, it brings in a crowd. They do have a bar area, so you can order drinks while you are waiting but it's still very annoying to have to wait that long. All in all, if it's your first time trying and you are on the fence about waiting, DON'T SNOOZE ON IT! Highly recommend."
"Breakfast food is the way to my heart.  There aren't many breakfast places that I can actually become a fan of or enjoy to eat at all the time but this place is like a 10 times better version of Denny's or IHOP.  There was such a big selection that it was hard to decide to order even when waiting for a table.  Literally took me 30 minutes to finally decide and then we were seated which worked out well for me.
We waited for about 45 minutes for a table, the service was great from the hostesses, to the waiters and waitresses.  I had a pleasant brunch, the service was very quick and we were in and out!  The food is worth the wait.

--Breakfast Pot Pie - (4/5) Flakey crust with sausage gravy, topped with sunny side egg and a side of crispy hash browns.  This wasn't my dish, but I got a try it and it was pretty good. 
--Snooze Spuds Deluxe - (5/5) A bed of hash browns, stuffed with 2 items listed at the bottom of their menu and topped with 2 sunny side eggs.  I got bacon, chorizo, mushrooms, and jalapeños and it was delicious!  I didn't add any sauce because the egg yolk itself drizzled a good amount into the hash browns to make soggy already.  
Next time, I will have the eggs cooked all the way, as I'm not the greatest fan of runny raw egg yolk and probably a little less on the cheese.

Snooze definitely won me over, I will definitely be back again.."
"""Why would anybody ever eat anything besides breakfast food?"" - Leslie Knope

I don't know, Leslie, I just don't know. I love breakfast food so I've been wanting to come here since I heard they were opening. However, comments about waits scared me away. Then, I had a friend visiting from out of town and the only time we could meet up was for breakfast. Conveniently, they were one of the few options near her hotel and was open by 6:30. When we walked in the doors right around 6:30, there were only a few cars in the parking lot and less than five tables taken. 

So there's the secret to avoiding the lines: show up when they open! 

I ordered the quinoa breakfast bowl. It came with roasted vegetables, wild mushrooms, baby kale, and goat cheese. I got it with the egg cooked sunny side up so I could burst the yolk and have it ooze over the quinoa. I finished it all. It was a great, light, protein-rich breakfast. My friend got the omelet with hash browns and toast. She couldn't finish the whole thing, but did enjoy it. 

Service was good. Accepts credit cards. They were kind and split our checks. I would love to come back and try more of their menu. They have classic breakfasts, lighter options, savory fare, and a variety of cocktails!"
"WARNING! 
You will love their food but the wait is something serious! Favorite Breakfast restaurant their bar drinks are scrumptous and their pancakes are HUGE and FLAVORFUL! You can customize everything on the menu. I'm vegetarian and did receive some meat in my food but they remade in a seperate pan with no problem! A customer for life...."
"I'm not a big breakfast person, but this place is amazing. My girlfriend has always wanted to eat here. So I took the day off and came around 9 a.m. And we waited about 15 min before we were seated. I got the chilaquiles Benedict and it was amazing!! I would highly recommend coming back."
"This place is disgusting. They let dogs into the patio dining area and there are puddles of pee scattered around. On top of that, they have ping pong balls bouncing around the pee-covered ground and on to tables. Waitresses will also pick up the balls when they roll around and then they're delivering food, though I doubt they're washing their hands afterwards. The food is decent, though high priced... that doesn't make up for the dog pee though."
"Great place for brunch with friends for good food and good service. I've had both the Ham Benedict and the breakfast tacos and both were great, but nothing that changed my life. This location does get quite busy on the weekends though so prepare for a 30+ min wait."
Really good breakfast place but I'm not sure it's worth the wait. I have the drunken french toast with coffee and again it was alright nothing phenomenal. I may have just ordered not so great but I'm more than willing to go check it out again.
"Came here 9am sat morning and it was a 30-45 min wait for 2 people! We waited though and were happy we did. Got the corned beef hash with wheat toast and scrambled eggs, and the French toast with side of sausage links. Both were delicious. The hash hit the spot though I have to admit I'm a kid and mixed together the eggs, corned beef and potatoes... Mmmmmm. The French toast was yummy and the three sausage links were way bigger than expected. Would definitely come back."
This place is amazing. The wait is worth it. Must try the OMG french toast coz its O M G delicious. Best frenchtoast i ever tasted.
"Not sure what everyone is on about here. Fortunately, we only waited about 10 minutes as I would have been rather cross waiting 2 hours for the fare we were given. 

First off. The service is a cluster...well...you can fill in the next word. As other Yelpers have noted, people will get in line, sit at the bar, give their place away to someone else that came in after you, and you are left standing there madder than a tornado in a trailer park.

Second off. The service. Our waitress had the personality of a lag bolt. 

Thirdly. Service. I literally watched a server come out of a stall in the bathroom, and left without washing his hands. It is like saying ""Here, have some diphtheria"" or ""Please stab me in the eye when I am not looking"". I don't want either but apparently might not have a choice. 

Now on to the food. 

The coffee...diabolical. I couldn't even finish my mug. It was bitter beyond belief and tasted burnt as well. 

I ordered the corned beef hash, eggs over easy, and a side pretzel bun. Why? Because pretzel bun. The hash was in a word, bland. I could only taste the onions and the poblanos that way overpowered the meat. The pretzel bun was definitely a pretzel, but unsalted pretzels are slightly less than useless. 

The wife ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict (also bland) and overpowered by the peppers. The Chile Verde Benny finally brought some good flavor to the party. The pulled pork, chile sauce, and Hollandaise all played very well together. So far we are 1/3. 

If you do decide to eat here, you have to get the cinnamon roll pancake. It is a heart attack, diabetes, and taste bud destroying experience on a plate. I could have just eaten this alone and been happy. 

Sadly, I did not eat that alone. 2/4 dishes were good. Meh service. Sketchy hygiene, 50% food hit ratio...I might come back just for the pancake."
"This is easily one of my favorite places to go for breakfast. In terms of food, service, cleanliness, everything was superb. My waitress was actually training a new server at the time and they both checked up on me without overlapping each other and being intrusive. Excellent service, and I actually got a free pancake the first time I dined in with them! Pancakes are bomb but it may be too sweet after awhile considering I got the Pancake Flight. Other than that, I will be coming back!"
"I waited an hour and a half and I have no regrets!! Grab a bloody mary and hang out while you wait. You can't leave without trying pancake flight. All of the flavors are delicious. The egg dishes are awesome too. Great place for a tasty brunch, but only if you're not in a hurry."
"Quite possibly the BEST tomato soup I have ever eaten!  Not kidding.  It's weird, I know.  Who raves about tomato soup?  But have you ever ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup with the anticipation that the soup would steal the show?!?  I don't think you have, and it was honestly THAT good.  It was light, not too heavy with cream yet smooth, and perfectly acidic and balanced.  The grilled cheese was tasty too, but that SOUP!  I've also had the breakfast pot pie and it was excellent.  The service is perfect...if you go early during the week, treat yourself and sit at the bar with the lovely ThereOnly deducting one star for parking...it's pretty bad even when it isn't busy.  

Update: While all menu items aren't created equally, I'm still a huge fan of the tomato soup! But, to give a nod to other stars on the menu, the Benedicts are all delightful, as is the breakfast pot pie...add some fun meats to it for a really filling and fulfilling meal!  Shout out to Theresa who works the AM shift behind the bar/coffee bar, and to Johnny Taco for their amazing service.  Star employees like them are why you really keep coming back and bring family and friends. :))"
"I love this place. I do not love the wait. My husband, who hates crowds and waits, loved the food here despite the wait. And they introduced him to his new favorite hot sauce (they will bring out four or five different bottles for you to try if you ask), so he has a soft spot for the place.

My pro-tip to you. You can avoid the lines if you get there before 8 am. This means waking up early, but it's worth not having to wait for 60-90 minutes for a table. For that wait, I could run to Central Market, grab my own ingredients and throw down a nice brunch for friends. But then cleaning up would suck. So maybe the wait is worth it :)"
"Their GLUTEN FREE pancakes are awesome! They aren't dairy free but if you want to splurge a little, they're amazing! I am gluten free and they have toast and can make the eggs & hash browns  dairy free upon request. Great place for breakfast! There's always a wait, so come prepared! Definitely worth it though!"
"So good!!!!!! I cannot wait to go back! My husband and I shared the pancake flight, every one was wonderful. My favorites were the lemon and blueberry. Also enjoyed Benedict, next time will be sure to ask for the hot sauce though. Every one was hospitable and kind, checked in on us even if they were not assigned to our table. Such a great place!"
The food at Snooze is always delicious. The smashed avocado Benny never disappoints. The Bella Bella Benny is amazing also. The coffee here is my absolute favorite. The atmosphere is relaxed and fun. The staff is very friendly and very prompt. The food came out quickly. I always look forward to brunch at Snooze!
By far my favorite Arizona breakfast eatery. Every time I'm in Arizona I try to sneak in a visit to this place. The Bella Bella Benny is out of this world and I always have to have a side of sweet potato pancakes. Just waiting/hoping for them to open one on the East Coast.
I really enjoyed my visit here today. Went with coworkers and wanted something different from the usual work lunches. They can make almost anything on their menu gluten free. I had the ham Benedict and it was served on GF toast. It was superb. A tried a GF pancake too and was not disappointed at all. The service was prompt and attentive. I will be back!!
This place was okay - did not necessarily live up to the hype. The long wait is not worth it for me. The brunch was rather greasy for my taste.
My favorite favorite favorite place to have breakfast. The staff is always so amazing and kind and the food OMG the food is incredible.
"2nd time here and well worth it. 1st time was a weekday and the wait was not bad, got the food in a timely manner. This time 30-40 min wait for a table and 20 wait for food."
I personally think this restaurant is overrated. I ordered pancakes - a simple breakfast item - and they have to l try to make it all difference and standout. Just wanted pancakes. Plain and simple. Customer service was subpar and prices are high. I could recommend a dozen other breakfast places to try. Go elsewhere.
The hype is real! If you're looking for one of the best breakfast/brunch places in Houston this is the place. Free coffee and samples while you wait. Pancakes are amazing....everything on the menu is amazing. Super friendly staff. Highly recommend this place!
Food was 4 stars to me it was presented well but just a little bland but nothing that salt and pepper couldn't handle wait was a little long but worth the wait staff was friendly it was worth stopping by if you get a chance go check it out l!
"I have eaten here a couple times. If you can get past the wait you'll be in for a treat. The hardest part is deciding what to order, everything is so good you can't go wrong."
"Snooze has been added to one of my favorite breakfast spots in Houston.  I came on a Friday morning around 10:30am. It was an estimated 30 minute wait for 2. The hostess was very nice and welcoming. She took my name and cell phone number to text me when our table would be ready. There are some small tables available to sit and wait. There also hacky sack board games right outside the door for a little entertainment. 
The parking lot of very minimal so don't be surprised about having to park on the street but be sure to view the signs. Snooze is right next across from a Walgreens and Jack and a box. 
The decor is very simple and pretty. Various seating inside and outside with also bar seats. Their menu is very extensive and enticing. I didn't know what to go for as everything sound really good! I got Juan's Breakfast Tacos and added avacado and Barbacoa meat. Delicious!! My cousin went for their Egg Benedict which looked amazing. We cleaned our plates. We also ordered the OMG French Toast which was perfectly balanced with our meal. It tasted like pound cake in creamy goodness, topped with strawberries and subtle coconut shreds. Then I ordered the Dirty Chai (without the alcohol) to go. 
Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. I will definitely will be back. Patience is required for some amazing dishes. It's well worth it."
"More like 3.5 stars.

Things I liked:
Decor
Retro atmosphere
Cool round tables with nice seating
Scrambled eggs

Things that did not impress me:
The pancakes.  Now granted, I ordered just plain pancakes, but I have had some amazing plain pancakes in my time, and these were not.  Flat and overcooked.  The flavor was pretty good, but they were not fluffy buttermilk, yummy pancakes.  I know they have all the fancy options with a bunch of toppings, but if you can't get the plain ones to be outstanding, then you are not winning me over.

The hash brown cake.  It looked adorable, but I did not care for it.  I like my ratio of fried to not fried a little higher.  Soft in the the middle, not crispy.  Did not care for the flavor/seasoning on them either.  Just not my thing.

They did a nice job with customer service.  It was extremely busy and loud, but I expected that based on other reviews.

It's a cute place, but I think I will try other breakfast options that can make more impressive plain pancakes."
"Yesssss... I live walking distance away.  Have been to snooze in denver and was a fan way back then.  This place has a private parking lot with valet, i usually just walk there though, not sure of street parking situation.  Atmosphere and decor similar to colorado restaurants, and almost has an austin vibe.  Laid-back casual with funky colors all over the place.  In terms of the food they pride themselves in brunch and their huge pancakes.  I personally cant eat a whole order of pancakes myself but will usually order a full order for the table to share. or a side pancake with my entree.  Everything Ive had there is pretty good, so go there and try everything.  Seriously who doesnt like breakfast/brunch food..

wait staff is nice, and although i felt like they could have been staffed a little bit better, they hustle over there.

bonus tip: try their hot sauces.

Will be back..again..and again.."
"Great food, subpar service.

I had this restaurant bookmarked for quite some time. I had attempted to go a few months back but didn't want to wait the hour+ time for a table. 

This weekend I was determined to eat there.
The overall wait wasn't terrible. I found street parking less than a quarter mile away. The experience started at 9:45am and ended at noon for a party of two. 

While waiting, free coffee was available near the hostess' booth. The restaurant texts you when your table is ready, so we killed some time at the book store around the block.

The biggest con was the whole establishment seemed very disorganized. Considering the consistent wait time, there was no where to sit and wait. There's corn hole just outside the steps of the restaurant and they have a couple board games inside. But without anywhere to sit or even stand because of the undirected crowd those are a bit pointless. When we did get called back to our table, we waited an additional five or so minutes  standing with the inside crowd at the front for a table to be cleared. The hostess' couldn't keep track of who was who and tried seating us with another party. 

It's such a wonderful feeling being chosen for a table. It's like the Jerry Seinfeld stand-up routine. Perhaps I was too hungry that the disappoint of being called back but having to wait longer was too much to bare. It was a bit frustrating for me and my friend.

Once we were seated the experience was OK. Food service was slow, but it wasn't the waitress' fault. Just a busy restaurant with a busy kitchen. Their menu has a wide variety of options. Pancakes were some of the best I've ever had, as well as the bacon. They specialize in making the classic unique. Plenty of specialty drinks to choose from their brunch menu and they have fancy coffee drinks.

I would absolutely return to the restaurant for the food. However, it might be on a weekday when I happen to be off of work, or 0700 on a Saturday to avoid the deterrent crowd and slow service."
"Houston your pallets has gone to the dogs.  What a great disappointment.  This restaurant belongs in the woodlands, not Montrose. Houston has some great restaurants that cater to a discerning palate.  This is not one of them.  Just run of the mill stuff trying to be distinctive food.  Skip and go to the Breakfast Klub. Now I will go throw up."
What a great disappointment.  Houston has some great restaurants that cater to a discerning palate.  This is not one of them.  Just run of the mill stuff trying to be distinctive food.  Skip and go to the Breakfast Klub
"I ordered the tofu scramble with jalapeños, avocado and pico de gallo. I got it with hash browns and tortillas- SO GOOD! It was my first time trying tofu eggs! I was afraid the texture would be too much but I was pleasantly surprised. We went at 9:00 and the wait was only a half hour- but worth it! Free coffee while you wait. Lots of drink options, including alcohol! I would definitely recommend this place. Great vegan options!"
"Yes - there's always a wait.  Yes -  parking is crap.  
Yes - it's worth the wait.

I've had several dishes on the menu which means I've endured the wait several times.  I like the Breakfast Pot Pie is by far my favorite but I also enjoy the French Toast Neat, Shrimp and Grits, Smashed Avocado Benny, and the Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup.

Like a cocktail with brunch?  Try the Boss Hog, Palomimosa, or the Brewmosa.  Delish!

To make the wait even more tolerable, everything is sourced locally.  Everything.  Sustainability is a core focus and they teach staff what it means to be green.  The straws are even paper.  It's a really cool concept.

So why only four stars then?  Where's the fifth?  I've tried a couple plates with corned beef hash (Peter Paul Ruben and Classic Corned Beef Plate), both plates had burnt corned beef.  I love corned beef and I've really wanted to enjoy a plate of it at Snooze because it seems crafty and yummy but eh ... 

Please do stop by and see what the line is about - bring friends.  Well worth the wait!"
"I went to Snooze several months ago, around when it first opened. I totally spaced on writing a review. D'oh! But I remember everything so well, I'll just go ahead and write one anyway. 4 months later. Gonna be super accurate.

I went here with 2 other friends of mine during peak brunch hour. i.e., when yo' ass rolls out of bed on a Saturday around 10:30AM. It was pretty crowded, but we only ended up waiting about 20 minutes or so. I just stood outside and snapped pictures of their awesome sign. Such pretty typography + signage (insert nerdy laugh-snort). Once inside and seated, I became increasingly impressed by their fantastic brand consistency. Everything felt so...cool and retro. What the Hell guys, why didn't you hire me as your graphic designer!? I would've traded my work for food. Anyway, our orders were promptly taken by extremely friendly staff. It DID take an overly long time for our food to arrive, but they hadn't been open very long and it was ridiculously busy, so I wasn't too surprised by that. Once the food came, I snarfed it down and washed food particles away with some delicious mimosas. I don't have a massive appetite usually, but I felt their dishes were perfectly proportionate. Just enough food to fill you up, but not too much to put you into a brunch food coma for the rest of the afternoon. I wish I could recall exactly what I ate, but I'm writing this review 4 months later, so my memory is a bit wonky. Oh, remember a few sentences ago when I said our food took a while to arrive? They felt the need to make up for that by gifting us a free pancake that tasted like A FREAKIN' SAMOA. Yeah, I forgive you. Like immediately. Overall, everything was really tasty and appropriately priced. Staff was genuinely kind and really easy to interact with. It gave me the opportunity to crack a bunch of cheesy jokes with our server. 

I haven't been back since, mostly because I just eat a banana for breakfast when I wake up in the morning. But next time I get HONGRAY for some brunch, I'll definitely hit this place up. Plus, I can ride my bicycle there! Wow dude!

bye"
"Awesome awesome and awesome! Best breakfast place I have ever been in Phoenix. People so kind and welcoming, Food was great. No Complains at all. I will definitely visit again and again!"
Fantastic breakfast place if you are into breakfast. Food looks amazing and is delicious on top of it. I had Fritattas and my husband ordered blueberry Danish pancake and breakfast pot pie. Absolutely delish! Totally worth the wait.
"We came here for breakfast and the wait was long. We were told that it was 20 minutes, then 40 minutes, and by the time we got in my husband was fustrated. The manager apologize for the mis-information from the servers. He gave us some pancakes in the house. The pancakes were the best we have ever had. The other food we order was the same. The food made the wait...worth wild. I appreciate the servers and manager for making things right for us."
"Place was great... with so many breakfast and coffee options in this area I feel like I stepped into Seattle on a freaky warm and sunny day. Staff here was great and the Ham Bennie was on point! 

On a side note, lately I've been over-tipping as little experiment. I took my average tip from 18-20% to 35-40% with a minimum of $10. This place wrapped up my 20 restaurant experiment. 

Interestingly, I haven't noticed any change in the mannerism of the servers. I don't know if they think I don't know how to tip or 35-40% just isn't enough to get their attention. Also, it's not in cash, so maybe the larger tip loses its' effectiveness when paid by amex. 
Respectfully, I'm curious at what point a server gives you the extra smile and 'thank you' as you walk out the door. 

Next experiment... I'm still going to pay by card, I do too many business meals and like the points. So I will zero out the credit card tip and tip out in cash. Minimum $10 and average of 40-50%. I will also try to round up to the nearest $10, $20 and $50 bill. I will let you know how it goes. 

And remember, food service is usually a pretty thankless job with some crummy hours. I encourage you to over tip and find the line between 'sucker' and making someone's day better. Besides, aren't smiles priceless?"
This place is amazing. I sat at the bar and had good service. Breakfast was excellent. Cool 1950's diner feel. They source locally when possible and donate to local charities. I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in town.
"It's a great place for brunch. Their pancakes are the real deal. I tried the chocolate chip pancake, the blackberry pancake (day special) and the pineapple upside down. The blackberry pancake had a nice nutty flavor going with the coconut flakes pairing. The pineapple upside down pancake had me fighting to stop myself from ordering another one. It's fulfilling in a whole different level of yummness!!!!!! 

I also had the Spring has sprung frittata which was my light and the green healthy order, Cz you know.... I tried bites of the Juan's tacos which were good. The drinks were a disappointment. I ordered the Snooze fashioned which just did the complete opp of awesome to my taste buds. One sip and the drink had to be tucked away into the farthest corner of our table. The dirty drinker chai was nice though. We tried the ginger spiced version of the chai as opposed to the sweeter one. It was really nice. 

But seriously people, you have to get SNOOZED for their pineapple upside down pancake! I know I will be for many times in the future."
Heather was the best waitress ever. Also I've never had better French toast or pancakes. Pineapple mimosa is A1 to!
"From the food to the service this place is awesome. I travel to Houston often for work and since finding this place it has become a regular spot that's a crowd pleaser every time I go with colleagues - it's that good! Great job on the menu, the decor, the drinks and the service. I definitely recommend Snooze!"
"I always love a good breakfast/brunch place.

When my friend wanted me to go with her here, I had no complaints. 

Well, I have to complain that waiting 2 hours in line for a table, rather sucked on the weekend..

Loved the fruit waffles that I ordered.

Orange juice was pricey. 

Food is good.

It's worth coming back again though"
I simply love this place I would not mind eating here everyday today I ordered the pancake flight (you choose three pancake flavors) i picked lemon poppy and blueberry Danish - should I say more  and a side KD hash brown.  I recommend this place it has a friendly environment but quite busy in the weekend.
"Ok, so I choose this place off reviews. When I came it was busy, but we didn't have trouble being seated. The parking lot is small, but I guess depending on the day you'll be able to find good parking. I liked the vibe of the place, lot of the workers seemed to be in the same age range as me, so that's cool. 
Decided to try my first mimosa, and idk if mimosas are regularly just bad tasting or if it was to me(Not an alcohol drinker). But the food was filling, I had French toast, eggs, bacon, etc and my friend had the grilled cheese with tomato soup. I ate most of it because I was hungry and it was edible, but HONESTLY it wasn't hitting like I thought it would've. + The younger black guy(Server) called us beautiful lol that's why it's 4/5 -1 for the food not hitting, will definitely give another try +(My review is a couple months late)"
"This was a pretty delicious restaurant, but it didn't really grab my attention the way the hype would lead you to believe. Honestly, they've got some great food, but nothing screams special to me. I'll eat there in the future if I don't have to wait in line. ;)"
"I came her for lunch at noon and absolutely no wait, got in and sat right away. Although they had a full house service was good. Server came to our table got our order right away 

Breakfast pot pie 5/5 so crispy and the gravy on top was really good, it came with an egg sunny side up and crispy hash brown. 

OMG French toast 5/5 perfect me and my pregnant friend was craving French toast so we shared it and this cured us! Lol so much flavor and not sweet at all. I'm not much on sweet so this was perfect."
"Delicious!  I typically leave a restaurant thinking/saying I could do better...... This was an exception!  The coffee is great, the benedict lll are to die for.  I recommend coming in during the week to avoid the 2 hour wait on weekends!"
Best pancakes ever!  I've never been disappointed.  The staff is nice and the food is great.   Wait time could be long depending on the time you go.
"Quite possibly the BEST tomato soup I have ever eaten!  Not kidding.  It's weird, I know.  Who raves about tomato soup?  But have you ever ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup with the anticipation that the soup would steal the show?!?  I don't think you have, and it was honestly THAT good.  It was light, not too heavy with cream yet smooth, and perfectly acidic and balanced.  The grilled cheese was tasty too, but that SOUP!  I've also had the breakfast pot pie and it was excellent.  The service is perfect...if you go early during the week, treat yourself and sit at the bar with the lovely Theresa.  Only deducting one star for parking...it's pretty bad even when it isn't busy."
"This place had the best breakfast tacos. Also tried the pineapple upside down pancake.  It was delicious. So good that when we got to Dallas, we found a Snooze there and had the pancakes again.  Service at both places was great, food was yummy!"
Seriously tasty food. The staff are so nice and welcoming and very attentive. Would highly recommend mixing and matching a Benny!
"We waited for about an hour and a half on a Saturday morning, which seems excessive, but we weren't too hungry yet, so it was fine. They do have jenga, hula hoop and other outdoor games to pass the time, but it was just too damn hot outside. Food here was amazing!! I ordered the pancake flight and chose the blueberry danish, pineapple upside down and bacon pancakes. They were some of the best I've ever had, and they were small enough that I was able to finish the whole thing! The blueberry danish one was probably my favorite. I definitely want to come back to try the OMG! French Toast, which sounds amazing. 

Unfortunately had to knock down a star because of the wait and because my boyfriend found a hair in his bloody mary (ew), BUT I would still come back cause the food was that good."
This place was fantastic.   Well worth the 45 minute wait.   The homemade corn beef hash was delicious.  As were the blueberry pancakes.  Definitely a return trip is on the future
"I would rate a 5 because I love this place but Im deducting a couple stars in hopes that management reads this. My husband and I had family in town for the superbowl so we took everyone here for breakfast. Service and food is always great so no complaints there but the host who is reaponsible for greeting all patrons had a neck full of badly covered hickeys. DISGUSTING! As a manager, I personally would not have let this gentleman work that day and until his neck was back to normal. It portays a poor image on him AND the eatablishment. Just gross. We were not the only people who felt this way either. We overheard many others discussing his neck. He should have been used in other areas of the restaurant and not have been placed front and center for all the see the remnants of his personal life."
Awesome! A good variety on menu. Very filling portions and service is friendly and efficient. Highly recommend for the healthy and non healthy eaters.
"It was good. I must preface that I live in Chicago (one of the best food cities in the world) so I'm a bit tough on breakfast spots. We waited about 20 minutes on a Monday around 1pm (they close at 2:30pm). I ordered the Spuds Deluxe (or something like that), my boyfriend ordered the Benny Duo (the Salmon lox one and the Barbacoa one). We also ordered 2 different mimosas, a hot chocolate and a half-order of OMG French toast. We just wanted to taste it all! After ordering, our food probably took about 15-20 minutes to come out. And everything was good. But just good. My mind wasn't blown, necessarily. But I cleaned my plate, if that makes sense. I wouldn't wait the 2 hours that other reviewers have talked about for it. But I would've waited 30 minutes. 

Oh! Our waiter was Aaron, and he was awesome. Very knowledgeable. He gave us lots of suggestions and told us what the serving sizes would be like, etc. He was great. I love when the waitstaff has opinions and recommendations about the menu."
"I love this place :) Was first introduced to it while traveling in San Diego a few years ago. I was so happy when I found out it was coming to Austin, and then Houston shortly after.

It's quite a wait on the weekends, so expect to spend some time here. 

I love juan's breakfast tacos, the chile verde benny, and the sweet potato pancakes. Overall the ingredients taste fresh, and they really know how to use them to create a great menu. All of their sauces, creams, vinaigrette appear to be housemade and are delicious."
"Too crowded, horrible parking, long wait.  Not an in and out kinda place, you need to plan half your day around this place.  And for the food quality, my eggs were rubbery and my sausage was burnt.  Never coming back here."
"It was April's Breakfast Club UYE meet up and the place picked was Snooze AM Eatery, I have say I was pretty excited to try this place out, and before I even got there I knew I wanted the Pineapple Upside-down Pancakes, how good does that sound?? Oh I was so ready to give it a try!

After everyone was seated we all glanced the menu and after looking at all the great things, I was unsure of what to get, everything sounded soo good.  When it came time to order I went with the Chilaquiles Benedict.

I love eggs benedict and when you can get them styled differently that makes me happy. The Chilaquiles Benedict is barbacoa beef over ranchero sauced tortillas & melted cheese topped with poached eggs & a cream cheesy hollandaise sauce pico de gallo & cotija cheese with a side of hash potatoes.  This dish was visually stunning, and it tasted just as great, very flavourful dish, loved every bite. 

Though I didn't get what I originally was wanting, I was not disappointed at all. I loved my dish and look forward to going back to try some more."
"went to the T&C location. The wait was long the waitress was KIND food was good, I need to try some of the other plates.  I will return when it isn't rush hour"
"This place is pretty trendy and the food is great! I typically order the egg Benedict dishes and you can get two types of you do half and half! I will say that the wait time to eat here is awful and that parking isn't always the easiest. I haven't tried much of the menu because I haven't been here often, but taste seems good across the board."
"If you love brunch, this is another option in the area to try! Snooze is a chain that originated from Denver and made its way here to serve Houstonians some great breakfast. Warning, this place is really busy on the weekend so there is most likely a wait. I went with another friend on a Saturday morning and we waited about an hour before we got seatings. In the meantime, you can sip on some free coffee outside (but it gets really hot when the sun is shining straight on your face). 

To start off, I had the Mayan mocha for an extra boost of caffeine. The drink was very good and easy to drink for those who are not black coffee fanatics. For the main entree, I ordered the chile verde benedict which was delicious! The portion was huge so I had leftovers.

My friend and I shared the drunk'n monkey french toast to end the brunch on a sweet taste. I like how the flavour was the right amount of sweetness and easy to eat. My only thing about it is I wished it was slightly fluffier/softer. Otherwise, I had a good time here plus the service was awesome! Come check this place out!"
"I was so surprised my favorite brunch restaurant in Denver came to Houston. Immediately went and loved how the food tastes just as great! I ordered the Bella Bella Benedicts and my friend ordered the original breakfast with the pancakes of the day (Orange creamsicle). Everything was great! My eggs perfectly poached. The yolk mixed with the hollandaise sauce deliciously, add the arugula and you have an explosion of flavor in your mouth. The original breakfast was perfect as well. Crunchy bacon, fluffy eggs, and crunchy but perfectly cooked hash browns. The pancake was sweet but not overly so. I can't wait to come back and have the pancake trio!"
Great place food is even better the whole place has a good vibe to it it make you don't want to leave but you have to lol
"Phenomenal food this is my go to Friday morning brunch spot after a night out. Food is always more than delicious. Egg's Benedict is off the charts. The Pancake flight is a no brainer as well. Always ask the waiter what is good, a couple times i have been in between items, and have asked their opinion; it never fails me. Been many many times, and always trying something new, and never not satisfied. This is one of the few places I can say, everything on their menu is good,"
"The food is outstanding and server of the highest order is "" Raj "" ! Where would Houston be without either one of these most important blessings!

Every Friday morning my car is in auto pilot mode to Snooze and to be cared for by Raj!

Thank you God for this amazing institution."
"I met a friend here for lunch on a Saturday. Thankfully, I got there earlier than planned and was able to get our name on the waiting list. It was about a 50 min wait with very little outdoor waiting area. When we got seated, our waitress was nice and friendly, however, when I asked her about the breakfast pot pie she described it as a sausage gravy on a pastry with eggs on it. Sounds good right? Well, when I got it, barely any eggs, and the gravy had carrots and onions in it that was sort of watery. I would not suggest that. I did like the atmosphere and other people's food looked really good, so I will go again. Prices are fairly cheap. Just be prepared for a wait and crappy parking. I parked a couple of streets down which wasn't bad because it was shaded."
"The food here is always a solid choice you really can't go wrong. the healthy menu items like the egg white frittata and omelette are packed with flavor and much tastier than most restaurants ""healthy option"". they also have pancake flights which are fun to split with a friend and have a little taste of some of their most popular pancakes. They've got great breakfast drinks also-all sorts of flavored mimosas and a breakfast twist on classics like margaritas etc."
Been to Snooze several times and always a long wait. Food is usually amazing but have had a few issues. One time the pancake was not cooked in the middle. One time the bacon was perfect and another it was rock hard. These times were especially disappointing after waiting so long to get a table and food.
"Meh.  Not what I remember from the Denver location.  Our food was getting cold already by the time it was finally delivered.  I suspect the waiter just forgot. The chocolate chip pancakes do not have enough chips.  The upside down pineapple pancakes don't have enough sauce.  And the fried eggs are super liquidy and weird. If I had waited instead of sitting outside, I'd be even more disappointed.  Points for sustainability and some good recipes but need to work on execution."
"Delish! 
Service can be a hit or miss because they're always busy, but the food makes up for it."
"Go to place for breakfast and brunch. Love the atmosphere. Love the eggs and coffee. Tough to get a place to sit though, it's best to go during the week."
Very good food. The menu is very different compared to most places. Usually always busy so get there early.
Tried the Benedict duo and both were solid. Pancake flight was good but I would like to try other flavors/combos. Would definitely dine here more if often if it weren't for the wait. What surprised me was that the omelette was very good even though that's a staple breakfast item you can get anywhere. It was stellar.
"The food was okay no complaints, however the wait was ridiculous. We waited 75 minutes for a table then another 45 minutes for our food to come. 
I would go back during the week to see if the wait time is shorter."
"Food was good, our server was nice too. 
A one star because management does not know own state laws. Visiting from California, I have a vertical license ID, which expires in 2020. I was denied a drink because of Arizona's law, when a person turns 21 they have 30 days to switch their license to a horizontal license. Well I'm 24, and the server went to check with his general manager and came back and said, ""no."" And backed it up with the fact that the general manager said, ""no."" I don't want to be that person that gets upset over being denied. I'm just upset that I don't think management actually checked the rules before denying. It just ruined my experience, because I wanted to try a cool drink off their menu.
bottom line: please be aware of state laws.

State law: 
""Acceptable forms of ID include an unexpired driver license or identification cards (vertical or horizontal) issued by:
 Any state OTHER THAN ARIZONA,
 The District Of Columbia,
 Any Territory Of The United States or Canada
if the license includes:
 a picture of the licensee and
 the person's date of birth."" 

https://www.azliquor.gov/forms/inv_driver_license_replacement_MVD_instructions.pdf"
"Snooze is my favorite breakfast spot in the valley.  The staff is great and it is totally kid friendly.  Its a good balance between classic breakfast and healthier options.  The menu is really big and has a good variety of options.  It can get busy, but while you wait they have some games and activities for kids.  Prices are reasonable and the kids menu is a great deal.  One of my favorites for sure!!"
This is a great modern eatery. The food is not traditional. The chefs have imagination and creativity. The flavors are great. The variety of pancakes is amazing. The pot pie was flavor sensation. This is a go. Be aware peak times have waits so be ready. Can't knock them a star for that. If you make great food you'll have a wait.
"Good food,  but questionable service.  While I appreciate the new technology to pay w/ card at table,  w/ cash they don't give exact change.  In my mind w/out my permission,  that's shorting the customer.  Most people wouldn't realize that practice if they pay w/ a cc."
"This place is beyond delicious, reasonable and they're so accommodating with changes and substitutions. I'm not really a pancake person but I had the pancake flight with the omg French toast, sweet potato pancake, and pineapple upside down pancake. Amazing! The Mm mm mimosa is great as well. Definitely one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots. My only complaints would be the minimal parking and the wait but I still gave them 5 stars because they make up for it in taste and service. Can't hold it against them that so many others love it too."
"This place was crazy busy today. There was a two hour wait (to be expected since it just opened) so we got our food to go. The staff was super friendly for how busy it was. The food was ok, not super fabulous but not bad. Glad we did not wait the two hours I would have been sad. I'll give this place another try once it has been open for awhile."
The pineapple pancakes are the best pancakes I have ever had! Place was booming and food was delicious!
"I've only tried this place once and I'm def coming back! I went on a weekday around 11 and it was only a 5 min wait. I shared 3 items: Juan's Breakfast Tacos, Benny Duo (Ham Benedict lll & Benny Goodman), & the Breakfast Pot Pie. I recommend getting the first 2 items but not the pot pie. I was really disappointed because I read the reviews and the pot pie was popular but it was just a filled with air!! I don't remember my servers name but he was awesome, excellent service!! 

Only downside: you most likely will have to find street parking"
The OMG! French Toast is legit my favorite French toast ever! It's worth the hour or so wait to be seated. Trust me!
"This place has been the rage since it opened. My friends have gone on and on about it. My wife and I had a chance to try it a few days ago. Left with the thought of ""That's it?"".  

Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but in my opinion, not worth a 1+ hour wait for breakfast. 

The good:
- the farm-fresh eggs were great. You can tell a difference in quality from the yolk (assuming you get it sunny side up or over easy).  It's almost custard like and yummy. 

- thick-cut bacon, tasty and not too salty, although it was a little limp.

- corned beef hash was nice with the add of the poblano peppers in there. Added an smokey flavor to the dish. 

The bad:
- Bloody Mary. The mix wasn't all that great, though the pickled veg that came with it was nice. Was very watered down...maybe because it seemed like our waiter forgot about it for a bit?  

Again, good food. Quality ingredients. But nothing that blew us away and made us think ""holy shiznit, when can we come back?"".  

Tip: go at 12:30-45 or so. Was a 10 min wait, and a lot less crowded."
"I first tried Snooze in Colorado and am so glad it's come to Houston! I'm not happy that there's always long lines so I hope it dies down when they open up new locations in the area. 

Here's the quick downlow:
-Love that they encourage customizing your food here. My friend pretty much customized her own salad from the sides that their menu offered and it was great! The ginger pear vinaigrette is on point. 
-Pancake trio: I always end up ordering this as a ""side"" and never as its own entree because pancakes are treated like dessert and my stomach knows to save some room for that! The molten chocolate pancakes are a little on the heavy side and dry, not moist as you think it would be except the small amount of chocolate fondue that's inside the pancake. I love their sweet potato pancakes. 
-quinoa breakfast bowl is a great way to fill up and is on the lighter side
-you can't go wrong with their benedicts and you can choose a duo option. I heard the Chilaquiles Benedict was a popular choice. 
-i like baby barnaby's burrito more than snooze's breakfast burrito. Although snooze's burrito is quite filling, it's very simple, plain and lacks flavor. 

I hope they offer kombucha on tap one day."
"Fantastic pancakes and stellar french toast! Dropped by for brunch on a weekday and we were seated immediately. I got the OMG French Toast with a side of bacon and hash browns and my friend got the pancake sampler. The french toast is to die for! It comes filled with a cream cheese filling topped with the most amazing caramel sauce. I should've asked for an extra side of it! My bacon and hash were fabulous as well. I stole a bite of my friend's pancakes and each one was tastey! The pineapple one was for sure my favorite out of them!

Will for sure be back if I'm ever in this area. Normally I drop by the Tempe location but I found that service here was better and the food was slightly prepared better as well. Thanks for the awesome brunch!"
Big place plenty of seating..The menu is pretty big .Plates come with alot of food. Also a health conious  place
"This is my favorite brunch place in Houston! The food is fantastic and the wait staff is incredibly friendly. I always get the pancake flight, which is your choice of any three pancakes, and a side of bacon. The bacon is cut pretty thick and comes out crispy (which I like). 

I have a few reasons for only giving 4 stars (and if the food wasn't so good, I would give it three stars). The parking situation isn't great. There is a small lot next to the restaurant but I've never been able to park there. Street parking is available so you'll just have to walk a little. Next, the food doesn't come out so quickly. Both times I've been here, I waited close to half an hour for food just going with a couple other people. Also, unless you come at an off time and not on the weekend, there is always a long line. I've tried coming a couple times Fridays at lunch and would have had to wait almost an hour (but instead went somewhere else). Best times for minimal wait are probably 9:30-10:30am and after 1pm during the week."
"Amazing food, great for lazy mornings. If you aren't there before 9 am, i highly recommend ordering for pick up. The line gets pretty long, but definitely a must try."
"The elote Benedict was phenomenal, and I highly recommend it. The corned beef hash was also delicious, and we paired it with the lemon blueberry pancakes. Definitely worth the wait!"
"We waited in line for about an hour and a half on a Friday and then it took another 30 minutes before we got our food. Luckily there was free coffee to curb us over while waiting. When our food came out, they accidently brought the wrong order, but they quickly fixed it and let us keep the extra plate! 

5/5 - Cinnamon pancake. The pancake was very fluffy and not overly sweet. This was by far my favorite.

4/5 - Breakfast Pot Pie. The pastry puff was nice and flakey and the runny egg on top was perfect.

4/5 - OMG French Toast. The French toast was nice and fluffy and the mascarpone cream on the inside added a nice texture. Overall, not the best French toast I've ever had but still very delicious."
"Snooze has fantastic food! I would give them five stars based on food and because of horrible, rude customer service they get three stars. We went there this morning at 8:15am asking for a table for 2 and a high chair, the lady checking me in says 45 min wait. I say okay I'll order Togo. The lady checking people in next to me says 20 minutes for a table for 4, I ask the nice girl checking me in, she just said 20 minutes you said 45min? She said oh she is wrong. Okay, i say nothing and I order. At 9:15am one hour later my Togo food comes out. And when I get the order I say thank you and the girl who hands me the bag smirks and mumbles mmm hmmm. I walk out thinking I am a paying customer and I am thanking you for the food I waited one hour for that you told me would be 15 minutes and you should be thanking me for my business. Customer service really does make ALL the difference in the world. Hint, hint Snooze management."
"Very disappointed in the service and food. Ordered something simple and requested eggs over medium, they were Runny. Ordered toast double toasted to ensure it would be toasted, I don't think it was even put in a toaster.  When we flagged down the hostess since we didn't see our waitress, she said I'll get your server rather than take the muffin to the back to get toasted. Wanted to try out a new place for something different but won't be coming back !!"
"Could've been a 5 but I had to give them a 4. 

1. Wait times are long. 
2. Service is kinda slow.
3. PANCAKES ARE STRAIGHT GAS.. They are ahhhhhhhhhhhh-mazing.
4. A lot of weirdness going on while you eat but hey, it is Montrose.
5. Waitstaff is awesome sauce.
6. Did I mention how much I love the pancakes!!
7. Everything else besides the pancakes is just ""okay"", (besides the chicken sausage.. the chicken sausage is pretty good too).


Definitely will be returning."
Love Snooze!  Bringing the 'foodie' back into the pancake scene.  Pancake flight is a must; to split with the table at least.
"My favorite brunch place around- great coffee, great food, great vibe! If you go there, you've got to try the breakfast tacos- they're the absolute best."
"The coffee is very good! I'm giving it a 2 because of the wait time....I know it's popular and busy all of the time but the set up and place could be better. The food is good, but not wait hours in line good. It's equivalent to most breakfast places on yelp!"
"Food is really good and made fresh with the best ingredients.  The quality comes out in the taste. Buttermilk pancakes with blue berries are to die for and you have to try the hash browns, best I ever had! I will definitely be back!"
"I would wait for an hour any day to go to Snooze. The Benny duo is a great item to get as you can sample a few different Bennys. Also, the OMG French Toast is killer, best to share."
"I love that you can get a pancake flight at this place. I'm generally not a huge fan of pancake, but at this place...I might just get them every time! It's a lot of food so make sure to share it with someone 

Con: their parking situation. Is there a parking garage I don't know about?"
"Super hyped up place, but nothing too extraordinary.

There's a long line almost every time I come here with free coffee outside. Nice perk! I don't think the food is really all that great. A lot of the sweet breakfast options are just overly sweet, almost sickeningly so, and it makes me wonder how people consider this breakfast food...I split a couple of these with my friends, but we never finish because we're sick of all the sugar 3/4 of the way through. 
Their salty breakfast options are generally solid and what you think you're going to get, although I have to say I'm disappointed with their hash browns. They're unique because they're shaped like a small cup, fried on the outside, but this means the inside is soggy every time. Unfortunately, I like hashbrowns a little crispier than that. 

The decor is cute, the prices a bit on the high side but not too unreasonable, and the food is decent. I recommend bringing a date here, it's very hip and cozy enough to feel intimate without breaking your bank!"
"So I finally got the chance to try out snooze and it was really good. This place was so crowded the line was out the door. The decoration is really comfy and cute guess what you'd expect from a hip brunch spot. I started off with a spicy bloody Mary and it was really good and they also try the sour apple margarita that was really good as well. Now moving onto the food, I went with the Benny Duo. One of my eggs Benedict was  chilaquiles with pulled pork and the other was Salmon. Both flavors offered something very different in their own both really good. I also tried a plain pancake but there's nothing to write home about it really. We stayed at the bar the service was great the waitstaff was really attentive. Waiting on a table it was about a two hour wait so that's why we stayed at the bar. Other than that really nice brunch spot!"
"Snooze snooze snooze but DO NOT sleep on this place, I repeat DO NOT sleep on this place! First of all the food is AFUCKINGMAZING as well as the service! No matter how early or late you arrive you will have to wait so be prepared but don't be turned off by the line or the wait because it's more than worth it! This is my 3rd Snooze experience and let me say it gets better and better! Today I had the Spuds Deluxe which is my absolute FAV!! I kindly added chicken sausage, pico de gallo, caramelized onions, avocado and Pablano peppers with eggs over medium and a side of ranchero sauce and it was to die for!!! If you haven't been yet GOOOOO, you'll thank yourself as soon as the food hits your table!!"
"I am never disappointed when i come here. A friend took me for my birthday and the waiter was SO NICE. The staff all even signed a little card for me. 
There's always a long wait to get in so you basically have to plan on eatin an hour later than they show up. The cool thing though is they just text you when your table is ready so you can wonder around montrose while you wait."
"Great breakfast food at Snooze.  I really like how they allow (and encourage!) you to customize your breakfast--this way, I don't have to feel like Sally in When Harry Met Sally when I ""customize"" my order off of the menu's offerings. 

We ordered the Benny Duo and the pancake flight, and both were great, classic breakfast favorites.  They have about 8-10 different kinds of eggs benedict, and the benny duo allows you to pick two kinds on one plate.  And the pancake flight is three smaller (though not small!) pancakes--I picked the chocolate chip, sweet potato and pancake of the day (bacon!). My favorite was, surprisingly, the sweet potato pancake--it was the lightest and fluffiest of the trio and topped with pecans.

Caveat: (forgive me for this pun) if you snooze, you'll lose, as the wait just increases as the day goes on at Snooze.  We tried going another Saturday at 9:00 a.m., and there was a 1 hour 15 minute wait.  This time (on a Saturday), we arrived a little before 7:30 a.m., and there was *still* a 10 minute wait. (And when we left around 8:15, the line was out the door.)"
"I had been wanting to try this for ages but the wait was always crazy ridiculous.

Finally one morning when I was up early enough ( 7 am) we decided to give this place a try. 

We were seated within a couple minutes and the staff was dressed up for earth day which is cool.

We both ordered drinks which took a really long time to come out considering this place wasn't as busy as usual. 

The food took almost an hour and a half which is crazy ridiculous. Turns out the waitress had forgotten to put in our order. So we finally got our food which I can't even remember what we ordered because by the time we got it we were ready to leave. She comped our food and we still paid for the drinks, but wasn't impressed."
"Loveeeee this place! I would definitely return here. The upside down pineapple pancake was amazingggg. The blueberry danish was great as well. I wasn't a fan of their ""OMG French toast"" it was a bit salty from all the combinations of different fruits and syrups. Our waiter Kenny was an amazing person. He brought out a complimentary off the menu cinnamon roll pancake (they used to have it on their menu they should put it back!) it was to die for!! Soooo good! And the breakfast pot pie was good as well. The steak Benedict was good but I wasn't a big fan of the bread that was served under it. The texture was a bit off for me. Everything else was amazing!"
This has to be one of the busiest breakfast/brunch joints in the area but it is so worth it! I would say some of my favorite things about this spot is being on their patio with a cup of their awesome coffee just people watching and just soaking it all in. Worth the wait!!
"We had a great server named Aaron Aka triple A. It was a group of 6 of us. We arrived at 11:30am on a Friday morning. The wait was about 1hr-1.5 hr long. They do have the ""text when table is ready"" function. So I would recommend at least one member of your party get placed on the list while you look for parking. 

Aaron brought us the Sinful pancake as an appetizer and it was AMAZING! I got the OMG French toast with no coconut and it was super yummy! My friends got the Benny Goodman, winter harvest, and pancake of the day. They loved the first two. The winter harvest was a ""light breakfast"" according to her. The strawberry Bliss was a miss (in our opinion). It was a weird mixture of flavors and it wasn't nearly as good as the Sinful pancake that we started with. 

OMG French toast is sweet enough with no syrup or anything extra. Highly recommend!"
"Snooze is for sure one of my favorite places to go. I was never a pancake fan, but their pancakes changed me into a new man. The wait took a while but was worth every minute because the food swept me off my feet (There's free coffee for you to get while you wait). The service is wonderful especially if you get Sugar as a waitress, she's beyond great and definitely gives a good laugh. Snooze is worth giving a try."
"Sure, come on a weekend your gonna wait an hour... I bet you take 30+ minutes just lookin for or thinking about a place to eat. Well, just stop and get yourself to Snooze. This place is the best! My fav: the Strong GPA to drink, a Chile Verde and Bella Benedict. Perfection for real."
"breakfast is always good as well as their coffee! Everything on the menu is good, can't go wrong with any selection. Brunch is always a hit if you are looking for a nice brunch place."
"Brunch, it can be challenging almost every weekend to find something new. This was my destination this week, seeing that everyone and their mother hv been raving about this place.

First things first. Table for two, 35 -45 min wait but I don't mind a wait. Ppl line up for good food which is fine; and the bar inside has a nice atmosphere and cocktails

Two: the service was phenomenal, up beat and great.

Three: pancake of the day, nice feature 

Four: the menu is unique by two aspects. The pancake trio- choose any three including one of the French toast
Benedict duo- choose any two

Five: the food took a while to come out

Six: the taste of the food was great, the pancakes are heavy but in a good way because they're innovative. The upside down pineapple has a unique cinnamon butter and a nice flavor and sweet cream sauce. I'm not sure what they did but dear lord it was delightful. I recommend sharing the pancakes
I enjoyed the sampler with nice hot sauce selection"
"The food was good, service was terrible. I came an hour early to reserve a table for 10 with expectations that it was going to be at least an hour wait. We ended up waiting an hour and a half which was fine. But didn't get our drinks until 30-45 min after we ordered. We waited an extra hour to get our food. There were people next to us that came in after us who got their food before us. We were a big party so initially they gave us 2 booths, which I had told the hostess prior that as long as the tables were close ""like these"" and pointed to the open round tables then it's ok, they misunderstood so we asked if we could use one of the round tables and get extra chairs and we squeezed in. There were 3 tables next to us that opened up shortly after but when we asked if we could use one those tables, they told us it's reserved for party of 13, they seated a small family in one of the big tables and another party in the other. Since we had arrived early, waited nearly 2 hours for our table and an extra hour for our food, I would think we could reserve a bigger table for a big party, seeing that they put a party of 4 (2 of them being children) on one of the large tables next to us, when there was a table and booth near the back of the restaurant that they could've seated that family at. They had put a small 2 person table to add on the round table after we had asked to use the other tables and was denied. The small table helped even though it was awkwardly placed. After we got our food, we had received all our checks shortly after. I'm sure they were rushing to get us out. One of the dishes were cold and mojito was watered down. It was very unorganized like it was their first time with a large party. I would only recommend coming here for the food and no larger than party of 5."
Love this place once you can get in.  Loved the pistachio pancake they had the day I was there as a special.  Cute vibes and a large menu.
"I ordered the classic breakfast. Eggs were cold, no microwave so they remade the whole plate. Second time it came back, my overeasy eggs seemed poached, really, really watery. 
The coffee tasted burnt, maybe the almond milk wasn't the best quality, but it wasn't delicious. 
Thinking not worth the $14. Two stars were for the good service, not the food or coffee."
"So worth the hour and a half wait on a Sunday during lunch time! 

- Highly recommend the Chile Verde Benny. It's like Eggs Benedict but with tortillas instead of a muffin. And the sauce is delish, and not spicy at all in case that makes you nervous. The pico has some big chunks of jalapeño but also not spicy. 

- Chilaquiles Benedict were also good, but I felt like they lacked in flavor compared to the chile verde. 

- If you want something sweet, you HAVE to get the OMG! French Toast. The name is completely appropriate. Best French toast I've ever had. Doesn't need to be drowned in syrup because everything else they throw on there is so sweet and delicious. 

The ONLY downside to this place is there's not a waiting area so when it's busy and there's a million people waiting everyone is crowding around the tables at the front of the restaurant, which sucks for the people sitting there, so just hope that you get seated toward the back like we did. There's sort of an outside area to wait but when it's 100 degrees outside in July no one wants to stand out there."
"OMG Snooze! I love you. Doing the pancake flight or the benny duo lets you try all the things. I went on a whim and tried the rosemary blue corn pancakes - delicious! If you don't have a sweet tooth, however, I'd avoid the peanut butter or key lime pancakes. I also got a dirty chai (or something that was an alcoholic chai) that was a little too sweet for my liking. 

TLDR: Tasty dishes that allow variety but just watch out for super sweet items if that's not your jam."
"So impressed :) We were trying to squeeze breakfast in in-between early doctors appointments in Houston and flying back home to Detroit. Not knowing the area, we were unaware of the automatic wait at Snooze. We had a pretty finite amount of time for waiting, eating, and traveling. When our wait time was getting close to ending, I asked how things were coming, and was told 10-15 minutes more, which unfortunately wasn't in our agenda. The hostess problem-solved and got us a table outside, where we could order right away. 

I'm so glad we stuck it out, the food and service was impeccable. My husband had the pot pie and I ordered the salmon bennie with GF toast. We were both impressed with presentation and each dish was absolutely delicious. The cream cheese hollandaise is sinfully decadent. Orange juice was great, too! 

Thankful for the quick-thinking staff and delicious fare. We come back to Houston for checkups every three months, this will now be part of our Houston eatery rotation :)"
Incredible place with yummy tasty food! Within our vacation in Houston we ate breakfast every morning there and couldn't get enough. Chocolate pancakes are super delicious! Caramelized walnuts pancakes are even better!
"The food is extremely basic. It was good but not good enough to wait nearly 2 hours because your idiot friends refuse to go someplace else. 
Did I mention this place is super small and the wait is always ridiculous on the weekends?"
"Very dissapointed as I expected another over hyped breakfast spot. The one thing that saved our meal was the regular buttermilk pancakes. We got the regular breakfast plate that came with eggs, hashbrowns, and sausage. We had the pancake flight and omg french toast. Hash browns were untouched after our first bite. It tasted extremely over seasoned. Eggs were under average. Sausage was ok. Flight of pancakes cane with a sweet potato, blueberry, and pineapple one. Sweet potato was and blueberry were alright but would not reorder those. The pineapple was better tasting, but nothing to rave about. Omg french toasts was good. But in the end i'd say only the buttermilk pancakes were worth getting and MAYBE the french toast. Service takes a long time so be prepared for the wait..."
I had to check out Snooze Houston after having an awesome experience in Austin. I had the same meal I had in Austin the Benny Goodman and it was just as good if not better!! I also has the hot chocolate which has to be one of the best hot chocolates I've ever had at a brunch spot. Queen V and Mae are so super sweet and the service is top notch. I was impressed. As with any good brunch spot there is a wait but it was well worth it!
"There are no cons . Only pros ! Ordered the shrimp and grits .
Server Andromedon was great!
Customer service ! 
Taste of food !
Speed of service ! 
Went during the weekday so the wait was only 15min!
Price was extremely reasonable ! 
Looking forward to going back"
This place is worth whatever it takes to get to it. There's a cup of coffee with your name on it to help you overcome any wait. Solid breakfast options for any palate. Hope to return soon and bring others with me.
"Great menu everything is organic and non-gmo. Had one of their eggs Benedict dishes with chiliquenes in it. Bomb! Service was good, busy place so be prepared to wait during peak times but definelty worth the wait."
"The only time this isn't a 4 star review is an obviously new, and shockingly clueless, waitstaff.

We found the food a tiny bit hit or miss.

- The Sandwich I Am was sadly lacking in all but name - almost stale roll, sausage with little to no flavor, wet eggs (even the amazing hollandaise sauce couldn't save this one!)
- The Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes were soggy, and a wee bit texturally challenged

- The Bella! Bella! Benny made the rounds of the table, everyone taking a second nibble because, yeah, that good
- The french toast was overly sweet but that didn't stop everyone from taking a second nibble of that either!!

For the wait, lack of parking, and the quality of food, there are better non-chain places in Houston...but I'd still come back and have that Bella Bella dish!  

And...train your waitstaff people.  At least teach them to apologize for spilling things on diners!"
The food is amazing the staff is great be prepared for a wait but it is definitely worth it!
one of the best places in Houston! definitely worth the wait for a table... done it twice and both times have been rewarding... definitely coming back to this place again! the staff was great and the food hits the spot.
"Came here after school with a friend because I've been wanting to try this place out since they've opened. There was a really long line on a weekday, but we waited. Service here is very friendly, but it is a bit slow.

CHAI
It's interesting that this comes in a glass cup and not in a mug. Did they run out? The flavor was nice. I liked that it had a nice spice to it, but that's all there was. It was just spice. I couldn't really taste the chai itself.

BENNY GOODMAN- lox style salmon over toasted rye and topped with poached cage free eggs, cream cheese hollandaise, sun dried tomato, and caper relish, served with house hash browns
I was really disappointed in this dish. I'm such a huge fan of any kind of egg benedict that this was just downright disrespectful. First of all, the hash brown was so dry and some parts were even burnt. The eggs were poached nicely and runny and I liked the fresh salmon. That was all I liked about this dish. The hollandaise sauce didn't mix well with the salmon and made it taste almost sour. It was just a dry dish overall. No thanks~

I might come back to try something else, but the wait makes it so not worth the attempt."
"I was just visiting Houston and whenever I travel I tend to rely on yelp. Snooze superseded my expectations!! I would highly highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone.

I went in on a Thursday morning, after 8.  I took a spot at the bar and was immediately welcomed by Teresa (sp?).  She had asked for my name and then introduced herself. I thought that was the nicest thing! Making it very friendly and inviting! Suffice it to say, service was just excellent.  There was an extremely positive vibe going on in the restaurant as a whole and you couldn't help but smile and be happy.

So for the food/drinks. I got the pomegranate mimosa and the breakfast pot pie.  Both ridiculously amazing!! I could not get enough of the pot pie! Plus..... there was this green salsa, I believe the brand was Yellowbird, but that just took it up a notch!!

I did conclude my meal with a cortado (which made me happy because not very many places serve it/know how to make it... so thank you Snooze!!)

If and when I go back I would also like to try their boozy coffee drinks. Not all at once but maybe just one per meal.

Great food, even greater service!"
"Really cool, relaxing brunch here. I ordered the Egg Benedict sampler plate, pretty good/creative dish. Also the Pancakes are AWESOME and French toast. You see just that in the picture. Highly recommend this place."
"I came here at 12 and hoping to get a table but they told us it is an hour and half wait. So, we decided to wait because my husband has been wanting to eat here. When I came back from my Starbucks run, I came back and asked how long is the wait. The person said that my name isn't on the list. Like wtf when I spelled out my name to her. J-A-N-A and gave her my number. So she told me text her and I did. Then she was like oh, someone put your name incorrectly. It was spelled Shiena. Wtf! She was the one that put my name in the system. So, she had to put my name in correctly. We are still waiting and I'm writing this review as we speak. It is now 2:28 pm and my husband asked them how much longer and they told him 30 minutes. Since we've been waiting this long what does 30 extra minutes do? Since supposedly they are closing they are closing in 1 minute at 2:30. 

The food here is really good bc my husband and I have been to the Austin location but damn! The service here isn't so great. I rather go to the Austin location instead of here."
"This was ok nothing really to write home about the food tastes more about the spectacle then the meal in mind. 
The biggest downs was the mistake that occurred while we waited for our food they got mixed up with the table next to us and they went and served it to them immediately after we put our hands on it. 
I don't recall a manager or supervisor rushing over to reassure a family of 4 that the mistake was being addressed or to reassure them."
"Staff is really great here, the General Manager basically stays outside to help with parking, wow! Super nice guys. The place gets super packed, Sunday is their busiest day, so we went on Saturday. The little secret to reserving a seat at the time you want is to swing by, put your name down for a time, is what I was told or you can just put your name down and when they text you, head back over.

I ordered half Benny, half French Toast! I love that they allow that, but it's not on the menu, I just asked and he said yes! So I ordered the Late Harvest Benny and the French Toast Neat, but they kept bringing me the Drunken Monkey! I mean they finally got it right and took it off my tab, but I would rather have just got the right meal. No biggie, I don't mind a free meal.

On the food, I thought the Late Harvest Benny was good, hash browns tasty and French toast also good, but taste and feels kind of chainy, if you know what I mean. It was nice to try but I don't know that it's worth that hour plus long wait, just my two cents.

For photos and more reviews, check out my blog!"
Super cute and trendy breakfast spot in the Montrose area!! Love the patio and breakfast varieties.
Lives up to its reputation. Multiple visits over the last 2 years - very dependable food and service quality
Very delicious meal and the hot chocolate is very delicious!!! I enjoyed my meal and the bartender Victoria was perfect. Tip her for me because she's awesome and very friendly. It's a bit of a wait but it's definitely worth it. You should also try the French toast. Y
"I wish I could give them a million STARS!
Food & service were perfect and the vibe is super chill, I can't wait to go back, it's just as wonderful as the Denver location.  Get here early if you don't want to wait, we arrived at 7:15 am and no wait on a Saturday morning."
"Ultimately restaurants eat what they serve (as in reap what you sow)...and Snooze should be well-fed....as they are excellent at purveying yummy food with stellar service.  Anyone seeking to join the ranks of restaurants should dine a few times here.  We braved the postage-stamp parking lot and commensurate wait-list to be rewarded with gentle, cordial and well-trained service.....and an extensive menu of interestingly inventive breakfasty delights.  I suspended my veganness for the Early Harvest Benny (as in Benedict), which is a savory delight.  Also tried the Snooze Spuds Deluxe including soy chorizo....also well-crafted.  The service is so superior that....when a new hostess erred, seating us in an outdoor 'waiting' area...several staff rushed to smooth our (unruffled) feathers....also comping a Pineapple Upside Down Pancake slathered with cinnamon butter!  The outdoor tables share space with a  parking lot, which can sometimes be unpleasant....so they also provided an 'Oops!' credit on the check.  No wonder these folks have built a score of restaurants in a few years."
"One of the best breakfast places in Houston! No reservations, but if you give them your cell phone number, you'll get a text as your table is almost ready, so you can walk around the area if you so desire. I always get their pancake flight and my dining partners always end up getting something savory, so the pancake almost serves as a dessert. For the flight, you can get a half portion of french toast - I have tried both their options and you can't go wrong with either! Some of my fave pancakes are the s'mores and key lime. I also love the spuds deluxe, and every eggs benedict dish I've tried was excellent."
I love how you can choose two different bennys for your meal...that way you can try more than one. Everything tasted great and our server let us first timers know the popular items on the menu. As an out of towner I would definitely come back here again the next time I'm in town.
"We arrived on a Sunday and of course they were crowded. We were told it would be a 45 minute wait time but actually wait time was just 15 minutes. We ate outside, next to a heater.   The location is in the ASU college area, so their was a lot of college students. We started out with mimosas. I ordered the Om French toast and  my fiancé had the breakfast burrito. The mimosa were great. The atmosphere was marvelous being outside amongst the chirping birds. Although it was 50 degrees it was still comfortable because of the numerous heaters. The service was excellent, staff very pleasant and welcoming. Checked on us numerous times . The food was delicious, wanted to order a second plate because it was so good. Definitely, a five star!!!!"
"This food was very good. The hill mountain mule was good, it could have been a bit sweeter. My friend loved the droppin beetz cocktail, it was balanced for sure, just wasn't my cup of tea. I did the pancake trio, special of the day, blueberry, and pineapple upside down. Pineapple upside down was perfect, blueberry had too much icing and then had icing in the middle...it should be no icing wit blueberry sauce or something, the special of the day was good. My fried got a sandwich which was good, can't remember the name, but check my pics :-). Saturday: it was super packed, 1 hour wait, parking sucked lol."
"I love the food here, but the last two times I've come the service has been really slow and the food has taken over 35 minutes to come."
"Snooze is always a good option for breakfast or brunch. My go-to is the Corn beef hash, with a spicy Bloody Mary. Unless you get there early, the line is usually pretty long, but it is worth the wait."
Food is the bomb!!! just please be patient waiting time is CRAZY but trust me well worth it
"This restaurant has the best OMG French Toast and pancakes in Houston. 

The wait was @ 30 minutes but was well worth it.  We are on the patio and had an awesome waitress.  

Hubby enjoyed his meal as well.

The mimosas were delicious. No complaints. We will visit again soon. Hopefully next Sunday before service."
"I came here for the latest get together of the Breakfast Club. We usually get together on Saturday and not quite so early but this time we had to go Sunday because of other events and went early to beat the crowds. I didn't know it was a chain. Of course I had never even heard of it before but I'm glad I did. We sat outside I think because there were so many of us but it was great weather for it. I poked my head inside and it was very nice.
Even though there were 14 or 16 of us, I lost count, our server did a great job. She was always checking on us and refilling drinks. Sure it took a little while but we were a large group. I like how they let you mix and match things to create just what you want. I got the blueberry pancakes and the French toast. I got the toned down French toast because I'm not a fan of coconut and something else that was on it. But it was still really good and so where the pancakes. I saw some good looking Benedicts around the table. I will have to try one of those next time because this time I was in the mood for pancakes then the French toast sounded really good too.
I had a great time. Saw some Yelp friends that I feel like I haven't seen in a long time plus I got to sit next to one of my favorite Yelpers the beautiful Cheryl. I will definitely be back. I want to try some of the other things on the menu but the pancakes and French toast were great. I could not even finish the pancakes. They were huge but so good. I had to stop myself from eating more.
Shout out to some Yelp friends: Meagan B, it was nice to met your stunt double lol your Mom, and Jennifer O and her husband and the staples of any great Yelp event Jon H. and Amy H. See you guys later."
"The menu at Snooze has wonderful and diverse offerings. The service was excellent, especially given how full the restaurant was on a Friday morning. I enjoyed the Snooze Classic Breakfast--eggs were cooked to perfection, and potato cake was delicious. All in all a good breakfast and a good experience."
Long wait time but the food is worth the wait. Grabbing  a Bloody Mary or mimosa at the bar definitely helps kill the time. It's child friendly but cans be very crowded during the weekend brunch hours.
"Finally tried Snooze for the first time, and it was so worth the wait! I'm not big on waiting in long lines, so I waited til I could come early on a weekday. Waiters were so sweet, and the food was delicious. There are so many other things on the menu that I want to come back and try! I love how unique the menu is relative to other breakfast/brunch menus in Houston."
Here is amazing .. great menu and great selection of breakfast item.. I had the chicken pot pie breakfast and it was tasty would come back again
"Came here with my boyfriend on a Saturday morning to get brunch. The place was packed but it's understandable. They offer free coffee while you wait which in nice! You can also order drinks at the bar I was a big fan of their bloody mary's. 

Once we were seated we were already starving with a lot of breakfast places I only have one maybe two things I can get that aren't pancakes (vegetarian) i had some trouble picking what I wanted but got the vegetarian eggs benedict. They made their own veggie patties to substitute for Canadian bacon. So good! I guess for our wait time we were surprised by not one, but two different kinds of pancakes. Those were AMAZING. I'll definitely be getting those next time

Service was slow at times but wow, there was a HUGE crowd so I don't blame em. Parking was a little difficult but with places with good food parking is always limited."
Loved their egg white Frittata! Delicious pancakes too but the pumpkin spice fall pancakes were a little too sweet for us. Would've given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the wait. Waited 2 hours for a table on a Saturday morning. Once inside we noticed there were a few empty tables. Seems like they could hire more staff to serve more people.
"It's worth the wait. Depending on when you come, you may have to wait up to 2 hours. 
However, I heard if you come earlier OR during the week it's a shorter wait. 

I wasn't a big fan of their pancakes - a bit dry for me. However, I plan on giving their pancakes another try. Other than that everything else is great! 

And the hot sauce selection :)"
"Ummmmm.... I don't know exactly where to start. I like quirky food, but I also like tasty food. The food to me was more quirky than tasty. I got the steak eggs Benedict, with scrambled eggs (I know, who orders Benedict with scrambled eggs, lol). It was okay, could have been seasoned better. The grits cakes were pretty tasteless. I have heard great things, but I don't think I would be back. Maybe out of curiosity."
"Another Fantastic Brunch...that's what Always keeps me coming back to Snooze!! My absolute Go To Establishment for Breakfast!! My favorite meal of the day on weekends or afternoons or dinner is Breakfast Foods!! So I consider myself a bit of an expert on its fare- In a nut shell. I won't go Anywhere Else for breakfast. And that's a huge statement...I'm Yelp Elite and consider it my duty to explore new & interesting places to share with other Yelpers! But, that's something I can't do with Snooze...I go over and over again! Service is always on point and friendly. Food is fantastic and you won't be disappointed in the quality or quantity of the portions! Cocktails are fun & playful in variety! Ambiance is quirky retro and bright! Yes! You will wait...with all my raving reviews it's always busy!! But, Fantastic Breakfasts come to those who wait!!"
"We had heard of Snooze and I'm glad we finally got to try it. My husband and I ordered the breakfast tacos to share and the pancake flight - it was more than enough for the both of us. 

The breakfast tacos consists of 3 tacos with egg, cheese, hash browns and you can add other toppings - we added soyrizo. They were delicious and filling! 

For the pancake flight we chose the pumpkin, French toast, and pineapple upside down. They were delicious! But our favorite was the pumpkin pancake. 

Great service too!"
"Here's a 5 star review!!!  From the time I entered and i was greeted by 2 nice, professional gentlemen.  One of them took me to my seat with guest.  The server, a female, greeted us promptly, took drink order.  She came back in less than a minute.  She took food order; cane back a few times to refill drinks, bring condiments, let us know food is on the way.  I ordered the shrimp & grits which was heavenly.  Not too much, not too little.  My guest ordered the 3 egg omelette with hash browns and tortillas which he said was great.   The staff seemed to work well with each other.  Parking available.  Clean spot.  Definitely recommend."
"I'm lowering my rating to 3 stars because the wait time was 20 minutes over the estimate and the service is not very good. The food is still delicious, but don't come here if you have any timed plans for after."
This is a cool spot to go to for breakfast but be prepared parking isn't all that great .. The breakfast was good my coffee was awesome ..
Denny's with an attitude. Denny's menu with some flare. Best part of my meal was the iced coffee.
"During my previous encounter, one of the managers asked about my experience and I explained in detail my issues with the execution of the meal. She seemed very surprised to hear that the poached eggs were cold and that the pancakes were not to my liking. She cancelled the bill and generously offered me a $25 gift card. I mentioned that one of my friends was having a birthday this weekend. She assured me that she would have a table ready for us today. She personally checked us in and showed us to our table. The food was so much better! No cold eggs this time! My friend go the eggs Benedict combo and she really liked them. I got the corned beef hash which was extra crispy just how I like them. Another friend ordered the egg frittata and seemed to enjoy hers as well. The Pancake of the day had white and dark chocolate chip and was delicious! The grapefruit mimosas and the prickly pear Margarita we're yummy too. I'm glad I gave them another chance. The customer service here is phenomenal!"
"The waitress was nice. We had to send our food back twice, then determined the entire meal needed to be redone. Ordered the Cuban sandwich, egg was suppose to be sunny side up instead I got uncooked raw egg white and yolk. The French toast was wet and not cooked through. Waited an hour to be seated then another 1.5 hours for our food to actually be Cooked and correct. As a visitor to Houston going to Snooze based on reviews I will not be back."
Had a really great experience and love that they give you (or at least on this visit!!) a taste of the pancake of the day!
"I used to go to Snooze in Denver, CO and it was OK.  It was right next to a Whole Foods/Trader Joe's, so it positioned itself as cool, trendy, and generally health conscious.  It's always crowded when I drive by in Montrose so I thought, why not, I'll give it a shot.  

My big issue with Snooze either in Houston or in Denver is that it's very heavy on carbs.  Even for dishes that you order that shouldn't be heavy on carbs (e.g. eggs benedict variations), the dish comes with very little eggs benedict and a ton of hash browns.  Their pancakes, instead of feeling light and airy, feel heavy, plain, and uninspired.  I might give Snooze 3 stars if I wasn't as carb/health-conscious, but since I am, it gets 2 stars because there are much better brunch options in this area of town, at a similar price point."
"I recommend the sweet potato pancakes.... I hate the wait but its worth it. I also recommended their mimosas, yummy"
"I had the French toast with coconut shavings, strawberries and a side of sausage patties. The absolute best breakfast I have had all year! Absolutely delicious"
This is my favorite breakfast spot. The food is always amazing and the service has always been great. They opened up the patio for us to accommodate our pet after a rainy day.
"Please allow at least an hour wait if you plan to sit at a table to enjoy your breakfast items the pancakes were delicious hashbrowns with Barbacoa was really good I had the bacon bliss drink that was pretty good as well
The wait time is interesting in so much as there is not a stand out dish or drink to Rationalize the long wait"
"Long waits, but always totally worth it! Sinful pancakes (you won't find it on their menu) are a must!!"
"I came in on a Sunday morning about 10 am. First timer, and I noticed it is crowded. My first thought was ""must be really good and popular."" I met my party there, and it was a large group. Timeliness from the time I ordered to the time I got my food was great! I absolutely love the food! I got ""the snooze classic"" and I recommend it for those who would like to keep it simple. My boyfriend got the ""OMG French Toast"" and it is soooooo good. 

About the service, it was really busy today so I know some servers get overwhelmed. I never got my orange juice. Our server could barely remember what we ordered. She seemed incredibly stressed out which made me overwhelmed. Service could have been better but like I said it was busy and food was good."
"My significant other had been wanting to try out Snooze for a while now as she had previously worked for the CEO at a different eating establishment.  He did a great job at Paradise Bakery and brought that excellence to Snooze.  What a wonderful eating experience it was!  Food was delicious and reasonably priced.  Service was excellent.  Thank you, Karla!  Only one little complaint.  It's not close enough to home to get here as often as we'd like!  It was a full house and understandably so.
Try it!  You'll like it!
And Echo, thank you for dropping by and visiting for a few minutes!  We know that the business keeps you jumping and it was so nice to give us a few of your precious moments!"
"Exceptional food! I tried them first in Denver and fell in love with this deliciousness there so when they opened in Houston, I knew this would be a BIG WIN! 

I recommend going early or at an off time. We did not have to wait, but when we left there was a very long line. We were there on a Saturday about 8am. 

The service is also fantastic! 

Parking is an issue to plan accordingly - but parking is an issue every where in the city, so that is why I still gave them 5 stars!"
"I absolutely love this place, one of the best in Houston for sure ! The food is amazing, you will need to wait to be seated sometimes but it's all worth it. Everytime I go there I try something new and I'm never disappointed."
"I have been here on multiple occasions but today is the last straw. Zero stars for the inability to run a breakfast eatery on time. Let's start with the basics. Got here at 730 on a Saturday with minimal people here. Tell me why there are visible OPEN tables yet the wait was 20 minutes. Only 1 hostess who was too busy seating people to take our name down. Then when it was our turn they seated someone who came in AFTER us. Clearly their iPad system of guests in line isn't working. And if they pride themselves on their free coffee as you wait... no coffee at all available today. Not that they ran out. No coffee at all. I'm sorry, there are tons of places around town that CAN function on time as a breakfast eatery and they do it well. I suggest snooze get up to par or get out of Houston."
Great breakfast. I've also been to the one in Denver a few times. Be prepared to wait a long time to be seated.
"We were so impressed during the first visit, that Snooze quickly became my #1 Brunch Spot.  The word ""brunch"" conjures up thoughts of good patio weather, sunny-side up eggs and of course, mimosas.  Snooze has all of that and so much more. There's an energy at the restaurant of pure excitement!  Strangers asking their neighbor what dish they ordered and a wait staff that is helpful and eager to serve.  I recommend the lemonade mimosa and the pancake flight, which is large enough to share.  The bacon is thick-cut and the house hashbrowns will make you completely forget about that whole ""no carb"" thing you've been trying out.  If you're in a rush, call ahead to find out the wait time then head to Snooze.  This place is a savory dining experience Well. Worth. The. Wait!"
"This is a small but busy brunch favorite in Houston. I waited with my friend for 15-20 minutes on a Monday during lunch time. There was not a lot of room to wait since it was raining and most of their additional seating was outside. However, our server was very sweet and helpful. There were lots of choices and I decided to order the Shrimp and Grits. It was very delicious and a little bit spicy! Definitely in my top 5. I would absolutely come back next time I visit Houston!"
"Awesome staff and amazing food! Parking is the worst! I came here at 8:30am on a weekday and had to park several blocks away. I had the OMG French Toast, it was the best. I would come back if parking was better."
The best pancake ive ever had in my life was here. The caramel apple (i think) which  was the special of the day. That whipped marscopone was devine & the syrup & toffee peices on top ensured that you didnt have to add anything to eat. I do caution you no to add to their items prior to tasting them. I had the chilaquiles trio. It was good. Just couldnt get past that pancake
"I had the pancake of the day (turtle something.. totally forgot the name) it was a buttermilk pancake coated in Carmel chocolate sauce and it was actually amazing 
my boyfriend had the pineapple upside down pancake and it tasted like a big cinnamon roll 
overall service was great and the staff was very friendly 
would definitely go back for brunch again!!"
"Great breakfast and fantastic service. Stumbled upon it while in town on business. Had the corned beef hash with a pancake on the side. Menu is great. If other items are as good, this place is a home run."
A little over hyped but the food is good (best things so far are the pork bennie and the peach cobbler pancake). Mimosas etc were nothing special. If it weren't for the option to leave your number and get a text when your table is ready I'm not sure I would ever have waited long enough to try it...
"It's been a long time since I have been to this location but I remember it vividly. The wait was very long as it is a popular restaurant. The food is good and the wait staff is very nice. I wouldn't mind going back but not if there is a line. The food is good but not worth a long wait.

It's also a little pricey to me but hey, a good brunch spot is worth a few extra dollars."
"The food was awesome and the service is Amazing! Our waitress, Roni, made our first visit a great experience. Her suggestions were on point! We ordered The breakfast pot pie was so good. We also ordered The Pancake flight- let me tell you... The Blueberry Danish Pancake is the best Pancake in the Universe! The pineapple upside Pancake & the Drunkin Monkey French Toast was absolutely delish! Love this place!  We can't wait to go back and try the other wonderful menu items!"
"Modern layout and bright interior. The tables for 2 are small. The restaurant is packed even on a Monday brunch. Our wait was roughly 20 minutes. The hostess will take your phone number to put you on the waitlist. They'll give you a text once it's ready. So don't forget to pay attention to your phone. The parking lot was packed. We were lucky enough to find a parallel spot next to the street.

I got an espresso and my girlfriend got the chai tea. The chai tea is better in my opinion. 
They really know how to prepare a good looking plate of food. I ordered steak and egg benedict and my girlfriend got the breakfast pot pie. Both were well decorated. My steak was grade A quality. The food is well seasoned but it gets a little over the top. It's a well balanced dish after all. It comes with asparagus and baby tomatoes. We also got the yummy Blueberry Danish Pancake. Which is quite delicious. It comes with blueberry and cream sauce. Doesn't taste too sweet. 
Good breakfast / brunch spot. I'd recommend!"
"The wait here is kinda long on the weekends but it was well worth the wait! I've been wanting to try this place for so long now and finally got a chance to. I love the break Pot pie here! The crust is flaky and soft. The gravy is perfect, the egg is perfect. Everything about this dish is perfect! Also, their hash brown is so good you don't even need ketchup! I also really like the omg French toast! It really makes you say omg! It's soft, and fluffy! The syrups that they use are different than your normal syrup! I love it! Also, their alcoholic coffee drinks are the best! Perfect for Sunday funday! :) I also got the bacon, egg, avocado, tomato sandwich (BEAT) and although I could make this at home, it was pretty good! Loved the bread they used"
The wait is too long for the food. It was mediocre.. nothing to brag on. The banana pancakes were really good. The portions of everything else seem to lack a bit. The shrimp and grits has no flavor for all the vegetables and sausage thrown in it.
"Overcrowded entry way, no place to sit.  A mad house!  Food good. Bartenders, young and like to act cute behind the bar rather than serve their customers.  We're not there to watch you play!"
"Family of 4, great environment, appropriate for children.  Wait time wasn't too long. About 10 minutes.  I ordered the benny duo and picked the chilaquiles with barbacoa and Ham Benedict III. I would probably just order Ham Benedict III next time, but only because I love the classic hollandaise sauce. We ordered OMG French Toast as well. Talk about flavor. We treated it as an appetizer so everybody got a bite. :)"
"The line damn. The line. Can I repeat that...the LINE! But I love this place. The food is simple and perfect for the morning, especially the couple times I needed brunch for my hangover. The line allowed me to sign up and walk around the neighborhood for some photoshoots and exploring. The service is quick, cus the line is long, so it's not like top notch service, but good enough for what you go for."
Chocolate chip pancakes hit my craving just right! I also ordered a side of sausage patties which were gross. But the pancakes were unforgettable!
"Every time I visit, there is a wait... Thats because the food is very good! This is the place to go if you are entertaining someone/people for breakfast. The plating is homey, yet beautiful. There are a plethora of pancake selections, oh and did someone say Benedict? I have had every twist on their eggs and pancakes and all I say is wow! No waffles here though guys! Btw these guys try to stay green and protect the environment so you may hear a story of how they source their food."
"Miniature tables... great food though. Great service. And the ""Dou"" option on their ""Art of Hollandaise"" menu is an awesome way to experience some amazing Bennidict plates.

Parking is obscene."
"I did not enjoy the food quite as much as I hoped I would. My food was cold and bland when it came out. It has very pretty decor, and my waiter was really cool. Don't think I will return though."
"I've been to Snooze locations in both Denver and Houston in the past 6 months and tragically neither can properly poach an egg. I'm not sure if this is because they leave food on the counter too long before serving it or they're just over-cooking the eggs, but both times, I've had soft boiled eggs over my hash browns instead of poached (which means the yolk is not really runny). 

I do believe Snooze is a great place, so I'll stick to 4 stars, but seriously... a breakfast joint should know how to poach an egg. 

Our waiter was incredibly friendly and the ghost pepper blueberry hot sauce is so good. Highly recommend if you've got a high spice tolerance."
"Everything I had there was delicious. I'd go back, but I'm not a huge fan of the seating."
"I have been trying to come to Snooze since it first opened and was finally able to get up early enough last Saturday. We arrived around 8:30ish and found street parking. Note: This is the Heights and parking is not fun, but they do have a very tiny parking lot and some street parking near the restaurant. We were told the wait was 30-40 minutes. We ended up waiting closer to 50 which is why I took off a star. I know this place is always hopping, but I appreciate an accurate wait time. Anyway, they do offer free coffee while you are waiting which is awesome! There is also cornhole outside to play if there aren't too many kids around. I will say that you need to be careful if you are parking in the parking lot because there are so many people standing around.  

On to the food! I had the ""Dirty Drunken Chai"" to drink. It was good, but nothing special. The best part about this place is obviously the food. I got the Benny Duo with the Chilaquiles and the Bella! Bella! Benny. They were both very delicious and had a unique flavor. I was also impressed because both of my eggs were PERFECTLY poached. I don't know what it is about Houston restaurants, but they struggle to poach an egg and I really appreciate it when it is well done. They also had plenty of hollandaise which I loved. Basically, this place knows how to do benedict right. When I come back I will probably just get the Bella! Bella! Benny. The other one was good, but the Bella really stood out. The Benny Duo comes with hashbrowns which were just ok. Ask your server for the green sauce to add some flavor to them.

Bonus: Me and my companion both ordered something savory so our waitress brought us a free cinnamon roll pancake so we could try something sweet! Talk about wonderful customer service. The pancake was great, but very sweet. It was a nice finish to end our meal but I would not have wanted to order just it because of the enormous amount of sugar.

I also want to give a shout out to the staff because they are very friendly and you could tell they were working hard. Tables were turning quickly.

All in all, I would definitely come back for the food, but I wouldn't want to wait another 50 minutes. Maybe worth 30. I definitely recommend trying Snooze if you are in the area!"
"So I am not sure if I just had an off day but I had the bella bella benedict and I was not as impressed as I thought I would be. I think that people hyped it up wayyyy too much for me. There are other brunch places I thinks serve the same purpose without having to deal with the wait. The mimosa I ordered was very strong and very good. I definitely plan to come back and try the pancakes as those seem to be the most popular thing on their menu.
However, I would definitely avoid going here on a weekend."
"Really really good food, accommodate special diets well and they handled my 3 kids and 4 nieces and nephews all 8 and u set so well!!! (And yes, we r nuts, thank you.)"
"I lived near a Snooze in Denver ( Southglenn) and it was my go to place for breakfast. I could not believe they were in Houston and even better the food and people are great!!!  Being a creature of habit, I can only say the omelets are delicious.  Ht looking at others foods passing by I'm always tempted!"
"This place is crazy busy, but worth the wait.  They have a fairly good size dining room as well as seating outside.  By the way, you are welcome to bring your dog if you are eating on the patio!  Our server, Nick, was super friendly, nice, helpful AND efficient! (He is worth asking for!!!) The Ancient grain Benny was amazing, and their Sweet Potato pancakes with maple syrup and ginger butter were incredibly delicious! My husband ordered an omelet where he got to choose what he wanted in it. It was cooked to perfection...fluffy with lots of creamy cheese melted inside. The coffee was good as was the cappuccino.  This place is worth waking up early for...but as their name suggests - snooze your morning away and eat breakfast at 2pm like we did!!!"
I had two pancakes and an amazingly simply delicious waffle. Everything was perfect. My friend has shrimp and grits. My bite of the grits was a creamy blend of grits butter and cheddar. Mmmmm! Most def will eat here again. Worth the 30 min wait. Kinda hipster
This is a great place and we didn't have to wait long to be seated. We sat outside and it was kept nice and cooler with the misters. My daughter and I really enjoyed our enjoyed our meal.
"This is my friend's favorite breakfast/brunch spot. I came to the other location last time I was in town, but forgot what I ordered. This time around I got the pancake flight with OMG French toast, pineapple upside down pancakes, and blueberry danish pancakes. My bf got the French toast meat. We called ahead to pick up the order. There's plenty of parking in the plaza and this location seems much bigger than the other (at least from what I could tell).

The OMG French toast mascarpone filling was the best partttt. The salted caramel and toasted coconut didn't really stand out though. 

The pineapple upside down pancakes were my second favorite but they only had liiittle tiny pineapple bits in it. The cinnamon butter was so delicious though I would eat that on anything!

The blueberry danish pancakes had too much lemon cream cheese on top and inside (which I had feared but anticipated). And I definitely did not get any almond streusel topping which I was most excited about :(

Boyfriend's French toast was basic but again, that mascarpone was bomb dot com.

I'm pretty sure I got something savory last time so I'd want to come back again next time I'm around. Unfortunately, I had a really strong sweet tooth this weekend and the carb load made me feel ugh. Next time!"
"Minus one star bc the front area is packed with people waiting, which ruins the experience of those sitting at nearby tables - if they address wait times, or even allow take out, the business and experience would be amazing. This issue also impacts food service - I ordered two eggs after my pancakes arrived and did not receive them before the end of my meal. 

Service- SO KIND

Menu - extensive!! They even have flavored hot sauce! 

Food- presentation is amazing, you salivate just walking in the door! The Benny duo is unmatched, even the side of hashbrowns was too good. The pancake flight was equally amazing, and they were so willing to accommodate my customizations and substitutions. You enjoy every bite at Snooze."
"4 stars from me. Breakdown:

Location: it's small and parking can be a bit of a headache but a circle around a few times and you're bound to find something. 

Inside/customer service: clean and efficient wait. I was dreading coming here at 12, the peak brunch time. To my surprise I only waited 10-15 min on Thursday. I forgot who was our server :( but he was great! Attentive and very nice. 

Food: I got the caprese benedict, soooo good perfectly poached eggs. Great toasted bread, the hollandaise? Sauce was to die for. My tomatoes weren't as sweet as I expected them to be and the hash-brown was just ok. 
Overall- Great food!!!!!! Awesome service!!! Room for improvement but nothing to keep me away will be back to try the other dishes"
"This place is great! My husband can actually eat the pancakes because they have a gluten free option. They get pretty crowded, especially the Montrose location. The Heights location typically can get you in a lot faster. Try the pancake flight, you won't regret it!"
"I got the pancake flight and my hubby got the beni duo. It was all really good and our server was really nice. I can see why there would be a wait at this place on the weekend.  Luckily, we were able to go on a weekday morning so no wait at all. Unfortunately, the parking lot is small so you most likely have to street park. In the flight you get to choose 3 different pancakes to try so I got the blueberry, sweet potato and the peach cobbler. Surprisingly, the sweet potato was my favorite of the three, but all of them were really good. Hubby thought the eggs Benedict was really good but be prepared for heavy richness from the hollandaise sauce. We would definitely come back."
"Thick bacon, beautifully cooked pancakes, and epic hashbrowns.


This is my first time at Snooze amid all hype from previous reviews I have personally heard and read on Yelp. I waited until I had my pancake to give this review because if anyone's ever made pancakes then you know that's where the standards are found.

This place was fantastic. I came on a Friday around noonish and there was no wait...could Friday lunch be the new brunch time? The service was great and polite from everyone. Next the food review.

The food was excellent! There are many more trips planned to fully review the menu. I ordered the easiest of things including bacon, eggs and hash browns with a chocolate chip pancake subbed for toast. The eggs were beautifully cooked over easy and the bacon was full and thick, not some thin microwaved bacon. The hashbrowns were perfect and the additional herbs came through perfectly to highlight the potatoes. With perfect potatoes and bacon I was eager to write the review but waited after tasting the pancake.  The pancake was perrrfect! It really tasted like a cake and had a beautiful crust with a fluffy middle. I would recommend anyone come here for your breakfast destination. If you have family in town then for sure bring them."
"Friday morning walk-in: 20 minute wait- free coffee while you wait! Darius was super accommodating! My girls and I wanted to enjoy around of cocktails before even ordering food and he was super cool about us taking out time considering how packed the place was and how to turnover of tables was moving quickly. 
He was very attentive and made sure we were taking care of! Always came to the table with a smile- it's important to make customers feel like you like your job so they can better enjoy their experience. So thank you D! 
Food was delicious, served hot. Specialty pancakes are a must. We ordered one stack to share for the table. We will definitely be back. This was our first experience."
"Snooze, an A.M. Eatery is a very accurate name for restaurant. You definitely have to get up in the A.M. for sure in order to even get a seat in here. Off the top of my head, I can count about 8 or 9 separate occasions where I have tried to come to Snooze at different times of the morning, but have only ever gotten in twice because the wait times are ridiculously long and my friends and I don't want to wait for an okay breakfast.

I will say, their menu has some great choices. Snooze has taken some standard American fare breakfast and have put a twist on it in a way that is unique and delicious. But the shining stars on their menu are their pancakes! I am in love with their pancakes. They offer so many different flavours and variety of pancakes; their pancake of the day is usually something that you want to get with your trio of pancake sampler plate.

But when it comes to all the other food I, personally, don't think that much of it is anything special to wait for. I'm not saying that it's not good or anything, it is all very tasty, but it shouldn't be food that causes a 1.5 to 2 HOUR wait... their pancakes, maybe... the ridiculous wait times combined with okay food are the causes for the loss of one star each.

I have had one of their breakfast sandwiches before and it was a somewhat overwhelming amount of food. I am also NOT a fan of their hash browns. It comes in this perfect, short cylindrical mass of potatoes, and it looks all nice and crispy on the outside, but when you poke your fork into it, you get mush. All the ketchup in the world wouldn't be able to save their hash browns. Just... forget about the shape or however they're cooked to look like that cylinder. Just spread them on the griddle and make 'em crispy!

Overall, if you *REALLY* want to eat at Snooze, you might want to think about setting your alarm for 7am because by 8am, their wait time is generally around 15-20 minutes already and by 9am, FAHGET ABOUT IT. By 9am, their wait time can run upwards of 1-1.5 hours, sometime even 2 hours, and it basically stays that way until closing... You have the option to be on their waitlist and they will text you when the table is ready, but really? Are you seriously going to wait that long for a table at a restaurant? You could've eaten breakfast in that time and started doing something more productive with your day. But to each their own. Humans do nothing but wait for things most of our lives anyway, haha."
"A friend and I tried this place out when it first opened. We enjoyed the food, but the place was packed. If you are someone who doesn't enjoy a wait, I'd say to get there early early or research the less busy times. Pros: free coffee while you wait and outdoor seating. Cons: long wait, difficult to find parking if it's busy."
Fell in love with this spot in Denver and was ecstatic  when they came to Houston. The Benny Goodman is a must try! Don't forget the something sweet. OMG French Toast. Pet friendly.
30 min wait around 1 on a Saturday but well worth it for the food! Food was delicious! Not a lot of parking in the actual parking lot. Expect to park on the side of the road and walk. Will be returning for the perfect brunch!
"Don't snooze on this eatery! Get there early to beat the crowd and to get a nice window seat! This place specializes in organic, vegan and free range foods that have no additives! We ordered pineapple upside down pancakes, pecan pancakes, a big huge burrito and poached egg meal! These were all great as well as the spicy condiments that you can ask for. Don't forget to tell them that I sent you and order one of those fabulous mimosas."
"Pros 

Great food. Ambience was fun and exciting... Food was fresh and innovative. Great sauces locally sourced from Austin (the yellowbird sauce is great - adds a nice spicy zing). Servers were all friendly! 

Cons 

Long waits (Sunday brunch time at least - about 75 minutes ). Makes sense though... Only opened a month ago and there's been lots of hype. 

Breakfast pot pie and omg French toast were amazing."
"I sadly did not take any pics of my food here because I literally jumped in with no apprehensions and got up with no regrets. I loved this place. I got the OMG! Frensch Toast with a side of eggs. That was months ago and I can still smell it. I just haven't been able to make my way back there. I would recommend everyone to go here at least twice, haha, both natives and visitors. Kudos Snooze, you made this foodie food lover's list!"
"This place serves oily food and has terrible staff. There is a hostess at the front with blue hair and she was incredibly rude. The restaurant is overcrowded and the wait is too long for food that is at best, mediocre. Save your stomach, time, and money for real restaurants in houston."
"This place just opened up within the last three weeks and I heard good reviews about this place. Be prepared to wait it's slammed busy. The decor is nice and hip. 

For the food:  

1. A lot of breakfast food dishes."
"Very nice place for breakfast. Normally a long line but we went by on Thursday around 8 am and went right in. Every pancake I have tried has been good. Bacon, eggs and hash browns make the breakfast very good."
"This is probably my favorite brunch joint that I've found so far in Phoenix.  I've had the Early Harvest Benny (delicious and filling yet feels somewhat healthy - mushrooms are good for you, right?) and the Breakfast Pot Pie (you walk out feeling like you just ate a camel), and both were great in their own way.  Looking at all the other satisfied customers around me, though, I can tell that I haven't even made a dent into all the delicious offerings on the menu.  Prices are very reasonable, and service is friendly.  Even better - a large variety of alcoholic brunch drinks!  Perfect for coming off a night shift.  They even have some sort of drink special for medical providers on certain mornings (yay, thank you Snooze!!!!).  

Can't wait for my next night month."
Great place for brunch! It's gonna be packed no matter what time you go on the weekend. So grab a few mimosas and place the games outside! I had the pancakes and French toast they were delicious. Especially after playing a few games of corn toss and be a bit sauced ! Great atmosphere!
"This place might be a bit overhyped. Regardless, food was tasty. The cocktails are actually fantastic because it's not your typical brunch place with only 3 brunch cocktail options. I tried the apple spice mimosa and it wasn't too sweet. Only con here was that there was only 1 bartender making all the drinks. It's natural for her to get overwhelmed or forget who ordered what drink. Maybe keeping at least 2-3 bartenders would help. 

On to the food, the eggs Benedict (one with salmon) was seriously SUPEE delicious. We also ordered this hash brown concoction with eggs and other toppings of our choice. Main reason I took off another star? Because the potatoes in the hash brown were undercooked. Now I'm not picky with my potatoes where I need them to be super crisp...but come on, they could've been cooked at the very least. I'll def be back here to try some other dishes."
"Phenomenal! Highly recommend!! Kid friendly, not snooty, but also a nice place to go out!"
"This place has such good vibes and good eats. Mimosas are really tasty at a good price. The French toast I had were a bit on the sweet side so I'd stick to the traditional side next time and keep it simple. The atmosphere is super cute and the staff is friendly. I've been twice now and the wait can be pretty outrageous by around 11 so I'd suggest you get there around 9 or 10 for little to no wait. There's pretty good parking as there's a parking lot but street parking is available too, both free and paid. I've never had a problem parking in this area. I recommend for sure for a cute brunch spot."
Great food. I had the eggs Benedict with meat on it. It was delicious. The service was great and the server was happy to recommend some of the favorites.
"Oh my ,every time we visit Snooze  it is always a wonderful experience! We all love it. The food is consistently good and the coffee is hot and flavorful. One of my favorite places to go every time. So far the one on Camelback at town and country is my favorite.
 I came here recently with a friend who had never experienced Snooze before. She loved it. One of her new favorites now as well. She ordered the oatmeal that was packed with fruit and nuts. It was even more than she could eat in one sitting. Always spectacular food! Love it ,love it, love it!
 If I could change one thing here, it would be to put some paper towel in the bathroom. Right now they just have a Dyson air dryer. Which is great. However, it's a tight bathroom. There's only two stalls and sometimes it's very crowded in there.
 For parking in the lot. They have a great way of letting you know your table is available,they text you on your personal phone to let you know.
 They are only open from breakfast to lunch .  Well worth a try any day."
"I cannot BELIEVE I haven't reviewed Snooze before. This is my absolute favorite breakfast/brunch place... ever. The best splurge is going to be the Bella Bella Benny with hash browns... smashed down, of course, so they are crispy. Since I try to limit consuming 2937292728 calories before noon to special occasions only, I've tried many other options on the menu that are equally as delicious, and not as likely to put me in a food coma. My current favorite is the grain bowl, which was surprisingly satisfying and just plain yum. I used to adore their smoked salmon plate, but it seems to have disappeared from the menu. Cocktails are great for brunch. With the feedback of all the out-of-town guests I have taken to Snooze, the consensus is that EVERYTHING on the menu is superb."
"Love this quirky brunch spot when I'm in town. Lots of great savory or sweet choices . Great service, fun vibe."
"Go to breakfast place in Houston! 

Expect to wait at peak times. Even on weekdays. Drinks are not alcohol heavy but they're tasty. 

Try their pancake of the day! It's worth a cheat day!"
"Yay! I'm a fan.
Great place to grab a bit and their breakfast is the bomb! I discovered Snooze by mistake but it's one of the best mistakes I made... Good services, good food and what do you need more?"
"Visited this location twice while on vacation! The wait could be up to an hour at times, but very worth it. If your party is small enough, opt for seats at the bar which is first come, first served. The menu has a wide variety, whatever you choose, you can't go wrong! The ambiance is relaxed yet professional. Our favorite options were the ""Sandwich I Am"" with pretzel bun and the ""Benny Goodman"" lox and cream cheese eggs Benedict. Parking very limited."
"Just be prepared to wait! But the wait is worth it! One pancake is enough to fill you, the portion is a good size. I'm not a fan of overly sweet things but if you have a sweet tooth definitely choose the cinnamon roll pancake. 

I got the half Benny, the salmon and green Chile Benny. I was disappointed by the size but both were good! 

Our waitress was very hospitable and actually gave the table two free pancakes! I would definitely come again."
"We usually frequent the Heights location but ended coming here since we only had about an hour till closing. Lucky for us, we got a (parallel) parking spot right on the street in front of Snooze. They've got a small parking lot right next to the restaurant. As we walked towards the door, I noticed that their patio section looked small. Once inside, we got our name on the list and just stood around waiting. It's a tiny waiting area. There's a little coffee bar set up so you can grab a complimentary cup of coffee while you wait for a table to become available. From my vantage point at the front, I could see that this is indeed a small location. They've got a good amount of booths and tables but it doesn't look that big of a space. I like that they keep a big space clear in the middle so it's not all cramped when walking to your table or to leave. The bar area has seating for nine plus one handicapped spot. They have the usual round curving booths we see in all Snooze locations. This time, even though it was just the three of us, we were able to get one of those large round booths! 
Once in our booth, someone came to get our drink order. After a bit longer, we ordered our food. I opted for the steak and eggs benny, as did my husband. We also ordered a pineapple upside down pancake to share bc who comes here and doesn't order a delicious Snooze pancake? My son got a kids pancake meal which came with a fruit cup and hash browns. He got their pancake of the day. I can't remember what it was called but it had melted white chocolate chips in it amongst other flavors. He ended up enjoying it. I loved my steak and eggs benny. They cook it all just right. The hash browns are delish. The steak was tender. Everything was good! It's always great at Snooze!"
Snooze is a cool Colorado spot in central Phoenix.  This location is generally busy so if you're up for it grab a spot at the bar or counter area with big windows facing the beautiful... parking lot. . The patio is nice when weather permits. The food is great and you can wash it down with one of several different varieties of mimosas.
"Huge wait- always but its a great Brunch place if you beat the crowds
food is fffantastic- but waiters are a bit slow"
"Good food, but nothing spectacular. Too many good breakfast places in Houston to wait in line at this place. Not worth the incredibly long wait."
First timer. Experience was great. Came in for a early lunch. Ordered the BEAT sandwich. Super fresh. Bacon argula egg on cabatta bread with secret sauce. Loved this dish!. Side order of  the black beans just ok. I wish were not mashed.  The service was superb.
Best breakfast I have ever had. Everything on the menu looked great very difficult to make a decision. I tried the eggs Benedict and a plate of signature pancakes and wow! both were unbelievably awesome. A big shout out to the management for donating the soft opening proceeds to local charities. Way to go and be back soon!
"Big portions, a creative brunch menu with a  daily pancake special, and a nice mix of hearty and healthy options makes Snooze great for brunch with a large or small group. The Havana Dreaming sandwich (an open faced cuban sandwich with an egg on top) was delicious, as was the eggs benny duo (two takes on eggs Benedict). The pancakes we had were HUGE, but fluffy and light. If you're going on a weekend, book off lots of time because the wait will be insane. Loss of a star for the long waits and weak coffee."
"Well the only thing is parking, no valet and limited spots next to the restaurant it's a shared parking with restrictions.  Do not park at the Walgreens across the street you will be towed.

Beyond that this place was amazing, we have a few in Phoenix, but never thought of going until I visited Houston. It will be on my to do list when I get back to Phoenix.

We got the stuffed burrito and let me just saw it was massive and flavorful, a must tey of you dine here. Thay have numerous menu items to choose from.

Don't sleep on Snooze, it's a diamond in the rough..."
"After having a not so great experience that I had posted on yelp, I was contacted by Becky. Whe went back and forth about my experience and Snooze kindly sent me a gift card to apologize and give them another opportunity. We went there today for a late breakfast and of course had to wait. We had given our phone # and watched while other people after us were seated. My husband apparently did not feel the vibration on his phone. So he complained and found the text after we were seated. We did have a nice tasty enjoyable meal. We both had omelettes, mine with wild mushrooms, Swiss cheese and hollandise sauce on the side. My husband's with peppers, bacon and cheddar cheese. They both came with the round hash browns and I had tortillas and my husband had toast with some jam they put on the side. Our server was very nice and friendly and we asked about a serving of the sweet potato pancakes that my husband loves and she recommended to get one which was plenty. The food was delicious and the service was outstanding this time. It's a bit of a splurge for us but we definitely enjoyed it so much better. The gift card covered the meal since my husband had coffee and I had water. Thanks again Becky for the generous gift card. We tipped our server well and we had a great meal. By the way our server's name I think was Candice."
"Four stars just based on the creative thinking behind the drinks. Order the Pineapple juice Mimosa. Bring your appetite. But definitely bring a friend so they can order ""that other dish."" You know, that one you can't decide if you should get. THAT'S what friends are for. So make them order the French toast. Mostly because you have to try it but you if you're like me you don't want all of those pesky calories. Order the Chilaquiles Benedict. Your welcome."
"I came to this restaurant yesterday at 10:00A.M., and the wait was about 35-40 minutes. While my friend and I waited, the complimentary coffee was gone, and we asked the ladies up front to refill it twice. However, they never refilled it. After about 40 minutes, we received a text to sit down and eat. My friend ordered the OMG French toast, and I ordered an omelette with rye bread and black beans. The beans were salty and not very warm so I didn't eat too many of them, and they served me white bread instead of rye. Hence, I had to wait for about ten minutes just to receive another type of bread. In addition, the restroom was not clean and other parts of the restaurant didn't look presentable. I understand that they were busy, but it didn't seem like they had enough workers available on that day. Overall, I think the food is overhyped, and I prefer other places in Houston over Snooze. 

Additional tip- park on the street because parking is horrible at the restaurant."
"Talk about a perfect breakfast spot in Houston to have a cheat meal in the morning. I was thankful to have run across this restaurant and felt confident enough to give it a try. 

They have a great drink selection on their menu to wake you up with a fine buzz in the morning. The Morning Margarita I selected left me craving for another in the middle of my drink. My cravings for food were literally through the roof when I finished my drink. 

The only flaw I noticed about the restaurant was the wait time to be seated. Aside from that, the staff was fantastic, patient and very helpful when it came to making selections from their menu. I'm currently getting hungry thinking about my experience there. I can't wait to make another visit here."
"I enjoy this breakfast spot, but going on a weekend morning is pretty tortuous. It's super crowded and the wait is pretty long. If you happen to go on an off time the food it pretty good. I enjoy the benedicts, but he hashbrowns are a bit bland and soft. I think this place gets a lot more hype than it's really worth. If you want to try some interesting pancakes that are really decadent and sweet then you'd love this place. They have a bunch of dessert type pancakes to choose from and you can mix and match which is nice."
"The wait is what it is. This is Houston and it's common to expect a long wait for breakfast spots, especially with the ""brunch"" craze of today. I'm from a state that has four Snooze locations, I also visit Denver often (where they started) so I was overly excited to here Snooze was coming to Houston. When you come here (not if, because you should come here) I suggest getting a flight of pancakes so you can sample different flavors. Also ask them what the pancake of the the day is because it's always changing and isn't listed on their menu. Their breakfast burritos are massive and all plates are largely portioned. Food is excellent, people are kind, vibe is good."
Service was AMAZE BALLS!!!! One word!!...... TERESSA!! The food was great! Best Hash Browns I've ever had!! But my server really made my day and went above and beyond. Can't thank her enough. The little things really do matter at this restaurant. First time here and I will definitely come back again and tell all my friends about this place.
"Food was tasty. A bit overpriced but still fresh and good. Maybe the price wouldn't have been as noticeable if my overall experience was better. My issue was the customer service. The Montrose location needs lessons on smiles, how to refill water cups, frequency to check on guests, and ensuring what the customer order is what the customer received."
"The key to Snooze is checking into line, grabbing a cup of coffee for your wait, and then going for a stroll around the surrounding area until you get the text that your table is ready! Once you're there, enter breakfast bliss via breakfast pot pie and OMG French toast."
"Can't believe I havent been here sooner.  I had the spuds,  wife had the duo of benes, and sister in law had a Sammie.  Everything was awesome.  Wasn't expecting it to be so good.   Bloody Mary's we're decent,  mimosas we're awesome. 

Love the story about their mugs, and how one of the owners had a homeless person make one then make a lot and now the guy has his own mug business.

Local hot sauce (shout out to Bravado Sauce), a solid vibe, and excellent excellent service. No doubt this was 5 stars.

Expect a wait on Saturday morning but it's worth it!"
"Crazy crazy crazy long wait but totally worth it. I did not takes pictures because I ate it so quickly. I got the breakfast burrito with bacon. It was amazing and huge. I took half home and it was still yummy later. I would get it again. Also I got the pancake flight with omg French toast (6 out of 10), sweet potatoes ( I actually took this one home because I couldn't eat it n it was good) cinnamon roll( best pancake ever)!! Fiancé got pot pie n blueberry pancakes. He loved it. You should definitely go here if you want a good breakfast."
"This spread is everything the sweet potato pancakes were so delicious. The hash brows were  full of flavor and the signature chicken pan sausage was not what I was expecting it was better. The shrimp and grits were also a great choice.  The grits were cooked perfectly. The shrimp was tender and flavorful.  
The parking was annoying and so was the waiting but it was worth it!"
"Order - I came with two other people and we ordered the sweet potato hash, huevos rancheros, sweet potato pancakes, and a side of the blueberry pancake. 

Food - I think the sweet potato hash was the best dish out of the 4 we ordered. It was simple and tasty; it was a little spicy due to the Korean Gochujang, but this added a nice additional taste. Perhaps I am biased in this sense as I mostly prefer the simpler items so that I can taste whatever the dish is centered around and not just sauce or extra filling. It was also the most portioned size as in not too large or too small. The huevos rancheros came out much larger than expected (3 eggs) but overall they were good. We asked for less cheese. I was not impressed by the sweet potato pancakes because they tasted like pure butter to me. It came covered in caramel syrup, which was a little overpowering, and you couldn't really taste any sweet potato. However, the side blueberry pancake was nice. It was covered with a little powered sugar and came with a side of maple syrup. I could actually taste pancake and blueberry, unlike the previous dish. 

Service - We came during a very busy time (11:30am) and had to wait for around 45 minutes. Parking is very limited so either find someplace along the side streets or take a payed car service. Or if you wish, simply wait for a spot as people are constantly coming in and out. The service overall was decent. Since it's such a popular place, the servers are all rushed and hurried, but we got our food in less than 15 minutes so everything was fine. 

Conclusion - Snooze is a fun place to grab breakfast/lunch but make sure you don't have any subsequent plans because the wait is unpredictable (about an hour perhaps). In terms of other brunch places around Houston, I don't think this place particularly stands out but it has good food and good service, so I don't find a need for originality that important. They have a large and diverse menu (and vegetarian options) which means everyone will find something they enjoy."
Parking is a big problem.  The service is average and the food is good. Given the competition we will go to other eateries before trying this one again.
"This place is... meh. It's has had so much hype but it really doesn't deliver. We waited over an hour for our table, which normally would be okay if you are going to be blown away, right?! When we were seated our table was a little dirty which was a bad start. Then my coffee cup had some lipstick on it and the coffee was mediocre. I ordered one of their Bella! Bella! Benny Benedict which was good! I just wanted to be blown away and I wasn't. A good thing about their Benedicts is that if you can't decide you can choose two and get 1/2 and 1/2. A table near us ordered a pancake flight which looked really amazing. Three pancakes with 3 different toppings. I think this is a good place, I just won't go again until the hype dies down. It's not worth an hour+ wait."
"Snooze is a hip breakfast-all-day spot.  The food is good, though a bit pricey for breakfast fare.  You can get the basics, or something with a bit more flair.  I had the smoked salmon light meal.  Really tasty, and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a lighter breakfast.  They biggest downside was the noise level.  Maybe it was an off day, but it was hard to talk at times.  I would absolutely go back, though."
"Amazing breakfast, now I understand why it's so busy. Mimosas were great. Great brunch spot."
"So this was my first visit to snooze. I've been hearing a lot of buzz about snooze. So first impression of this place wasn't great. The parking lot at snooze had under 20 spaces so it forces u to park on the street or park at a near by business and risk being towed. If you're lucky you may find a parking space at their establishment or or parallel on the street. Ive heard people parking at jack and the box, Walgreens, or Krogers. Towing signs are all over so just be careful if u want to risk it. Then once u come inside, you put your name on the list and they will text u once it's your turn.  Although while I was waiting, the hostess let a few people cut the line...... I mean everyone is right there waiting so we all were like what the fuck....we can tell when you let someone cut all of us.... 
The food was pretty good. I had the chili verde benny and the pancake sampler. The day that I came the had a special pancake that had strawberries and mascarpone.  It was my absolute fave. It knocked the OMG and the pineapple upside down out of the park. It was a daily special but I think they should make it a regular menu item. I also asked for Tabasco sauce and they said that they didn't carry it anymore bc it doesn't meet their standards. I also ordered a michelada with my breakfast. It was pretty tasty too. 

So when you come here, make sure u put in your entire order right always bc the service is slow. If you like extra ketchup or jam, tell them that when you first order or else your food will be cold by the time they get back to u."
"We got to Snooze on an early Saturday morning around 8am.  We got there and there was no wait. We were seated outside and I decided to get the corn beef hash.  You are able to substitute your hash browns or toast for a pancake for I decided to get a pineapple upside down pancake instead of toast.  I almost ate the whole thing.  The pancake was probably one of the best pancakes I have ever had in a really long time.  It wasn't too sweet and it was really fluffy.  I left a happy camper.  I will come back again and my recommendation is to come early to avoid the waits because as we were leaving, there was at least six or seven people waiting."
"Great service and great atmosphere. An upscale Denny's with a more youthful and colorful staff. The pancakes and the bacon are a must try. 

Fuck long reviews. No one reads this shit. No one has time for that."
"Perfect end to my Houston trip.
Amazing food! Really friendly service.
If you get a chance try the OMG French toast. Trust me you won't be disappointed at all"
"I loveee breakfast food so I had too try this place out. I just got something basic eggs,hasbrowns,and pancakes. I ordered an extra pancake but the waiter  didn't tell me how huge the cakes were so I only ate 1 :/  but the pancakes were sooo good and the mimosa I had was refreshing. Next time I will try a different mix. My friend has the breakfast tacos and he was in love with them and the sauce the waiter recommended. Overall the food was good. Will be back."
"I had a fantastic brunch at Snooze this morning! Arriving as early as 9am, the wait was still ~30 minutes...but after finally getting a chance to try the place I see why Snooze gets long lines out the door!

We were quickly helped and our server was very kind. I tried the Ooo La La Frittata, which was like a scrambled egg pancake with cheese, asparagus, cucumbers, and topped with a salad. It definitely didn't disappoint, and it was really flavorful! I also got the nitro cold brew, which was okay and not as strong as I would have liked.

I also had the chance to try the Sweet Potato Hash (which was also light and flavorful), the Steak + Eggs Benny (really dense and delicious).

Definitely satisfied with my experience at Snooze. I'd been talking about visiting it for months and I now understand the hype."
"The food, service and atmosphere are all great. The menu is diverse. I love their early hours and the fact that they have a bar in case I want to just snag a quick breakfast alone. However, I can never find parking which is why I bumped my rate to a 4."
"I was visiting Austin from Los Angeles, this place looked like a go to for the funky, hipster type Austin locals. It didn't disappoint! I was offered liquor at 8 or 9am in the morning! This is not something I normally do and didn't that day either, but it was an interesting concept, if my day hadn't been so busy, I might have ordered a spicy Bloody Mary with my breakfast.... the coffee was in point, the food was original, diverse, and creative. I truly enjoyed the experience all the way through. There was a bit of a wait, which was a little unexpected because It was on a Wednesday. But, it wasn't that long and it was definitely worth it. I highly recommend Snooze if you are in the area."
"Good food with a twist.  This place always seems to be busy on prime hours, so get there early or later if you want to miss the crowds"
"We had to wait an hour an half for a table, so If you come expect a wait. I had huge expectations for the food here, but it definitely wasn't worth the hype. The food was ok, not the best breakfast I've ever had. I got the three egg omelet, nothing special to it, you get to pick three fillings, but it wasn't really enough. It's quite expensive for what you get. I don't think I would come again, not worth the time or money."
"I've been to Snooze a few times now and I was delighted each time. I've gotten the breakfast pot pie, their classic eggs Benedict and the Pancake Flight with blueberry Danish, pineapple upside down, and peanut butter cup pancakes. I've loved them all. 

The gravy on the pot pie was fantastic and the eggs Benedict were the best I've had in Houston! All three pancakes were excellent but my favorite was the blueberry Danish. The peanut butter cup pancake was a bit too rich for me but my girlfriend said it went well with her coffee. The only ""negative"" thing about the food is their ketchup. It tastes like straight up tomatoes which is a bit weird. 

Snooze has become my go to breakfast place in Houston because the food is that amazing!"
"We visited @snoozeameatery upon our arrival to Houston last Friday. We were warned by our Übs about their long lines but promised it was worth the wait. We got lucky and only waited 20 mins...with drinks in hand and even played some games in the meantime outside. The hostess was the sweetest and gorgeous! She explained to us how things worked and suggested we grab a drink while we wait. We feasted brunch style! I had the Sweet Potato Hash with Tuscan Kale two sunny side up eggs, soy chorizo () and a drizzle of Gochujang (red chili paste) Oh! They have a special @bravadospice hot sauce that I can't find if anyone knows where I can find the pineapple one slide in my DMs and I'll love you forever! 
The ambiance was really fresh, a refreshing orange and light green adorned the walls, the music was awesome --- my favorite Years & Years song played -- - the service was great and everyone, I mean everyone was in a great mood. It was a great first meal in Houston."
"Came with a group of 4 on a Tuesday morning for what we planned as a brunch but turned into a late lunch. We waited for almost an hour and a half, although we were told it was an hour wait. 

We were starving so each ordered 2-3 things each. My favorites were the blueberry danish pancake, sweet potato pancake, drunken monkey French toast, chiliquilies Benedict, Bella Bella (prosciutto and taleggio) Benedict, and chili verde Benedict. Their pancakes were huge ($4 for one pancake) and very light/fluffy. Each Benedict comes with a different kind of toast instead of the normal English muffin, which I usually think is too heavy. For vegan/vegetarian diners their quinoa breakfast bowl with sriracha broth and assorted vegetables/ mushrooms is a really good option as well! 

For drinks we had the iced latte with almond milk and a michelada that tasted similar to a Bloody Mary but was a really tasty mix and not too tomato-y. 

Overall, service and food was great and everyone was very friendly, however, there was quite a long wait even on a weekday and after ordering it took about 30 minutes more to get our food. I don't know how much longer I would be willing to wait for food and don't even want to think about coming on a weekend."
"I think this place is overhyped. They offer pancakes with fun/interesting flavors that I was excited to try, but I didn't think they actually tasted good at all. Too sweet and very rich. You need a nap after eating anything here! On my next trip, I tried one of the savory dishes, but did not feel that it was better than any other typical brunch place. Not to mention, there is almost always a line for a table and parking is limited...overall, not worth it!"
"My sister and I were on our way to lunch to realize our favorite sandwich place was closed. We were driving by and she mentioned snooze. I'm so glad we stopped here. Staff is friendly and attentive.l, the food is awesome and they have some really good coffee! I am very impressed and totally excited for brunch everyday of the week! I look forward to coming back!!"
Excellent area to spend time with.  The good news is the food is outstanding but the bad news is as other reviewers have shared- the problem is the 2 hour wait at brunch time.  It is unfortunate but sad.  However I am still going to keep going to this location!
"Everyone in our party of 5 enjoyed numerous items from the breakfast menu. The menu is inventive and fresh with some classics mixed in. They also had delicious micheladas. The feel of the place is laid back and comfortable. There will be lines to get in if you go too late, so be prepared for a bit of a wait. This was a solid breakfast stop in a town with lots of mediocre options. I would go back."
"Great breakfast location. If you love eggs Benedict as much as I do, you must come here to try what they offer. You can mix and match the different styles to get a taste of the variety. Definitely worth checking out whether you're in town for a week or a local!"
"The sweet potato pancakes are amazing! So tasty! I also have gotten the breakfast burrito, and wasn't disappointed. We went during the week, and it wasn't crowded at all. Plus, it was my sisters birthday and they brought her out the sweetest birthday pancake."
"Fun decor and really good food. 
I have had the bella bella benedict (my favorite), the pastry with country gravy and the breakfast sandwich. They were all delicious.

I had the mimosa with apple juice, which was really good and different.

We went during the week so there was no line."
We have been there 3 times last year - The Food is good but for breakfast the prices are Expensive...maybe because of the area...
"Loved this place. Walked here from our Montrose Airbnb after making an extended weekend after a conference. Y'all Houston people do not walk anywhere. The pancake flight were awesome. Your choice of any three. I almost tried the breakfast pot pie but went for an omelet instead. Food, service and decor were fantastic. Visiting from Atlanta and discovered this is NOT a foodie city. All the great places were breakfast or brunch. Even in Montrose and don't get me started on Galleria area."
By far the BEST breakfast I have ever had in my entire life. I cannot believe I waited 2.5hrs to eat here though. To be fair it was Mother's Day but this place has line ups down the block every morning I drive past it regardless.
"Parking is not fun. My sister and I came a few months back on a Friday morning around 9:30am and got lucky to find parking on the street right beside the establishment but had to drive around 3 times. Other than that, wait staff was attentive and we were seated right away. Below are the dishes we had and their ratings.

Breakfast Pot Pie- 4/5: A little underwhelming. Thought it'd be better but it was a neat concept.
Benny Duo (Chilaquiles Benedict and Bella! Bella! Benny) - 4/5: Nothing too special about the benedicts but it was satisfactory
Pancake Flight - 4/5: I think they might have changed the menu but there was some kind of banana french toast that we had, along with sweet potato pancake and pineapple upside down pancake. I absolutely loved the pineapple upside down pancake. The other two were just OK.

If it weren't for parking difficulties, I would come again sooner than later."
The best pancakes in town. Also recommend the shrimp and grits..   great variety of drinks from the bar and played awesome music. Went on a Tuesday morning and place was packed expect to wait about 20mins but definitely well worth it
I have to agree with all the glowing reviews.  Phenomenal breakfast.  Houston was needing this!!! The breakfast pot pie had the most beautiful sunny side egg and was so tasty.  Trio of pancakes was great too.  I can't wait to try all their offerings.  Only downside is that this place is going to be packed for a long time.
Went to snooze on a Friday morning around 10am. The wait was about 35 minutes for a table and they text your phone when your table is ready. Their is a coffee station set up in front for you while you wait. Staff was super friendly and our waiter  (I think his name was Aaron) was really funny and made the experience more enjoyable. We ordered the Mm mmm mimosas while we waited on our food. They were pretty tasty and I will order them again. The food was really tasty and flavorful with a nice presentation. Minus one star because there is not enough parking and no valet. Unless you wait for someone to leave you will most likely have to park down the block on the street. Worth a visit though.
"Great place for some breakfast food. They have a little bit of everything so everyone is happy! Great choice of eggs Benedict, pancake flights and  burritos. They have fresh juices as well. This place gets very very busy so its best to come early, if not be prepared to wait at least an hour..

Parking is very limited to so be prepared to find street parking down the road. Staff is welcoming and are always willing to help you order if you can't make up your mind."
"First impression of this place is that it's superrrr casual & laid back.. the employees were wearing workout tights & joggers lol. But nonetheless the food is pretty good it's the service side that needs help.

Let's start with the fact that it took 7 mins for someone to even come to the table... I'm very understanding when it's really busy but it wasn't that busy..then when the waitress finally came there was no apology, she didn't say her name, it was just ""what can I get you to drink"". Ok. 
 I ordered the OMG French toast with a side of bacon, the food took about 25 mins to come out then when it finally came the bacon came out cold then to make it worse it came out probably 5 mins before my French toast. My dates food came out all together though, chocolate chip pancakes & the snooze burrito. Once I got my food it was delicious & more than enough! But we never got refills on our drinks, she came by once.. & well yeah it was just a turn off for the whole experience. Maybe we'll just order togo from now on."
"First time to visit.  In my neighborhood and a 5 start Yelp review.  Yes, my fellow reviewers, I trusted your reviews and you did not lead me astray.  We went on Presidents Day...and it was packed.  It was a 20 minute wait...but worth it.  Coffee was available outside under the umbrellas. Service was swift and pleasant.  Even though the kitchen was slammed, the food arrived perfectly and was delicious!  We will be back.  The perfect food and vib for The Heights!"
"best brunch you'll ever have!


best pancakes and eggs benedict i have ever had.

i would recommend getting their early, no reservations with a super long wait."
"Been here few times . Love the food and service is good. 
If you been sat outside you might be forgotten but it did not make me leave.  
Next time I'll be inside so they can see me and I can get my delicious food even faster."
"I really don't know how this place has 4 stars. We have given it 3 tries which is more than fair! And each time it's been pretty disappointing. The tow stars are for the eggs bene and the pancakes which I can't fault! Yummmy! 
The service is mediocre and all three times we have gone, they have messed up our order. Every time has been a weekday when it's not even that busy.... and only with two or three of us. The first time My friend asked for the pretzel sandwich with a fried egg instead of scambled... He got scrambled and was told it would take a while to change it (didn't have the time), another time I ordered the breakfast pot pie, asked for an egg overeasy and got a super raw one, I mean clear raw egg white. So I sent it back and the waiter acted like he was mad at us for not wanting to eat a raw egg. We had had this dish before and it was yummy, this time there was zero sausage in it. Lastly the coffee has tasted burnt every time.... I feel if your a breakfast place you need good coffee. So for a $40 breakfast for two I will not be giving it a 4th chance :("
"5 stars for AWESOME service! The lovely hostess that took me to my table came back shortly after offering her condolences as I had yet to be greeted, I'd only been there a short time but she introduced herself as the assistant general manager and insisted on getting a pancake out to me while I waited, uuuhm yus pls, it was fluffy & deeeelicious! Ronnie my waitress was super sweet & very helpful with the menu, brought out 4 different hot sauces for me to try! Boasting on the restaurants no high fructose corn syrup rule! I didn't go with her recommendations, & my classic ham benedict was pretty good but nothing mind blowing (this statement does not at all include the pancake...KILLER), so I definitely want to come back & get a better taste of the food! (Listen to your servers guys, she had recommended their interesting chili verdes benedict) but, my point, AAAAHMAZING service! Amanda the manager even came back to ask about my meal and offered me a to-go coffee. Thanks for a lovely breakfast ladies! I'll be back (:"
Long wait and every eggs Benedict I've had (out of the 3 I've tried) has been disappointing. Today the english muffin was stale and hash browns dry.
"This is by far one of the best brunch places in Houston! When my parents visit from out of town this is always first on their to-do list. The food is wonderful and the prices are great. If you're feeling boozy I'd recommend the bloody mary and if you're in the mood for a coffee they have great flavored lattes and cappuccinos. 

On the weekends there is always a long wait so during the summer dress for the heat because there is a tiny waiting area inside. Most end up sitting outside for about an hour. I've waited 1 hour and 15 min once! There is corner hold to keep you entertained :) They also have free coffee by the hostess stand.
Once you are called there are outside and indoor seating options. 
Parking has never been a big issue. They have a small parking lot that is almost always full, but you can park along the streets and there are always openings... even if they are a block away.. WORTH IT!"
"If I had to pick my favorite brunch/breakfast place in Houston, it would definitely be Snooze. You can't leave that place without trying their sweet potato pancakes! That is the most amazing pancake I have EVER had filled with so much flavor that makes you go to brunch heaven in your first bite. What also makes this place so great is that they offer half off mimosas for health care professionals on Mondays and Tuesdays (:"
"THANK YOU SO MUCH Amanda at Snooze, an A.M. Eatery for surprising C with a BIRTHDAY pancake  before we left. This place is top notch y'all! GO SEE THEM! ALLLLLL of their pancakes can be made gluten free. Read that again! ALLLLLL OF THEM! Amazing  
.
."
"The food was cold when it got to the table and the restaurant was 1/2 full.  We went early on a Friday morning to beat the rush and I really regret not getting another hours sleep.  Although the selection is interesting, it did not make me want to come back.  Don't waste your time or money."
One of my favorite breakfast spots in Houston. Get the pancake flight or French toast along with a mimosa. You won't be disappointed.
"Pretty good brunch food but prepare for the wait and the limited parking in the parking lot but there's a nice man that will let you know if the parking lot is full before you get stuck trying to back out of the tiny lot - so mostly street parking.  Pretty good booze drinks for the AM drinkers (its 5 o'clock somewhere!) Cool that you can get pancake flights and pick 3 to share, ask for the daily special pancakes!!.. If its your birthday you get a free pancake with a candleeee!! Happy Brunchin' ;)"
"You snooze, you lose! Wake up in time to hit up Snooze because it's definitely worth it - especially for the slumberous morning people like myself! 

My first time here, the wait was an hour long. I suppose because they ""close"" at 2:30, it's prime time at every time - at least on weekends. But luckily, there are coffee shops - Southside Espresso, Starbucks, Einstein's - in the area to wait at until you get that magical text - ""your table is ready!""

Such a fun, colorful & energetic setting. The staff were all so perky! However, it took another hour to receive our orders. At the halfway mark, our waitress gifted us a plate of delicious, ""chocolate chip"" pancakes topped with pecans, a scoop of (?) butter & (?) syrup. LOL as vibrant as the chick is who brought this out - she did such a poor job describing the dish. But we didn't care, it was way too good.

- Breakfast Pot Pie (4/5): Heavy heavy. This is the ultimate comfort brunch dish. It's not the usual ""pie"" style but it's the ""pot pie"" filling on top of this amazing flaky puff pastry & topped with a runny egg! Served with a small mountain of hash brownsss.

- Benny Duo (4/5): My boyfriend ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict & the Benny Goodman. Both were to die for. 
- The Chilaquiles (barbacoa) with roasted poblano hollandaise sauce - seasoned perfectly & it just melts in your mouth. Pairing it with the pico de gallo really brightens up every bite. 
- The Benny Goodman (lox & cream cheese) with cream cheese hollandaise sauce - another fantastic choice! I loved the hidden smokiness of the lox.

The bases of the Benedict are different! Chilaquiles had tortillas & the Benny Goodman was on toasted rye bread. Great twist :)

Definitely would love to come back to Snooze if I'm able to haul my butt out of bed in time before closing!"
"Fun spot.  Lively crowd.   But WAY too loud to talk and have a conversation with the others at your table.  It's amazing how restaurants seem to try to make it hard to hear.  They could but up acoustical tiles or other sound softening things... but they don't. 

I have had a number of people invite me to breakfast here but I suggested another place because of this issue.   

I now suggest Schmooze in Old Town Scottsdale. It's very hip and has lots of great places to sit and hear each other."
"I love this place! Love it. Breakfast at lunch time. Yay! My friends whisked me off without much notice and was so happy with their choice. This is the cutest darn place! Booths galore with round tables down the center aisle. (Best for 4 ppl.)

After ordering a heavenly cappuccino (it really was that good) I studied the menu. With so much to talk about I had a hard time picking a meal. When I spied an entire section with eggs benedict's I focused my energy there. The very kind server helped my indecisiveness by explaining that my order could consist of 1/2 of anything. Phew! I really like eggs so I stayed in the Benny section. 

The Bella! Bella! Benny spoke volumes to me with prosciutto, Taleggio cheese, topped with a cream cheese hollandaise on a toasted chiabatta. I had forgotten a balsamic glaze would be sprinkled over the (perfectly gooey egg). Until now I had *no idea* my palate craved a hint of bitterness on an egg. Good stuff!

The Upstream Benny is smoked salmon served on a jalapeno-cream cheese spoonbread. I gotta tell you, I loved the bread! Salmon is something you can't go wrong with. Healthy, and quite delicious, when paired with cucumber and corn salsa.

I meant to fork sample my friend's pineapple pancake. Uh. Well, I ate an ENTIRE half. Sweet bejeebers that was divine.  I've never had anything quite that like that. I can't do justice to explain why. The pancake was super fluffy, the pineapple made it sweet (of course) and the butter made it dance in my mouth. HOH. MY. GAWD. 

The service here is impeccable! Mercedes was such a gem. Full of information and oh so patient. (We were talking too much and maybe taking a hair too long to order.) Our coffee and waters were constantly refilled and she was overflowing with genuine happiness.

Hurry in to grab a seat kids! This place is first come first served. Alas, no reservations."
"Food is amazing but service sucks. Seems like the restaurant is run by a bunch of stoners. We went on a Monday. Greeted at the door and told there was no wait and we would be seated in ""just a sec"". The hostess disappeared and we ended up waiting 15 minutes. Oh well! We were seated and waited about 15 minutes to be greeted by someone saying they were not our server but could take our drink order... we asked to order it all since we have been waiting quite a white. Food and drinks both took a while. About 20 minutes( they were not too busy) and brought by our real waiter who apologized for the wait. We ordered Bangkok Bloody Mary- amazing mimosa, French toast- amazing,  benny duo-amazing, but we were given the wrong one. The manager came by the table and was happy to give us the one we ordered. She handled it great. After our meal we never saw our server. Our card was run by the awesome manager and we left. 
Over all, great food, but servers were in La la land"
"Finally got to snooze for a mid-week breakfast date with one of my besties. They did not disappoint! I was previously deterred from going because I would often pass by during peak brunch hours on Saturday's and see the insane line. However, today we went in and were immediately able to sit at the bar which was awesome. I ended up getting the snooze breakfast which was 3 eggs any style (I ended up going with soft scramble and adding in garlic spinach and cheddar cheese yum!), your choice of meat (bacon, duh) hash browns and your choice of toast but I made the most epic decision and traded my toast for a sweet potato pancake that completely changed my life. I'll never look at pancakes the same. I mean, pecans, GINGER butter! There were even small pieces of sweet potato you could see when you cut into the pancake. They were light and fluffy and airy. From the first bite, I knew I'd be back. I didn't get a chance to try a mimosa or a Bellini but the menu looked awesome. I can't wait to go back !"
"The Katy location just opened and is booming! Food is delicious, service is great, and everything is super fresh and tasty. This is our new go to brunch spot!"
"The sweet potato pancake was a Piece of Heaven!!  The feelings that went through my mouth and body were amazing.  

I ordered the pancake flight which allows you to choose 3 pancakes.  I choose blueberry danish, pineapple upside down, and sweet potato pancake.

The sweet potato pancake was my favorite.  So Yummy!!  The second favorite was the blueberry danish.  The pineapple upside down was okay.

The place is packed at 9 AM on a Thursday morning.  10-15 minute wait unless you sit at the bar.

Update 01/31/2017:

The breakfast pot pie was good but not something I would order again as there is no filling in it.  It's just gravy over flour pastry.  I thought this would be some variation of chicken pot pie but unfortunately it is nothing close.

The Havana Daydreaming Sammie was very good.  That is a good sandwich."
"Ahhhh-mazing! Had the steak and eggs benny and a mimosa. DELISH. Had a bite of my friends OMG French toast. YUMMY! I'd go back in a heartbeat if I lived in Houston. Sadly, I was just visiting."
Omg this is the best place ever!!!! I had the OMG French toast and the breakfast burrito with sausage! Soooooo good! Really good friendly service. I had so many questions cause the menu is huge!!!! The only downfall is parking but there plenty of parking on the street if your up to walk a few feet.
"First time here, had to wait for 1 hour and 15 minutes but it was worth it. Can't complain as I was able drink my mimosas while waiting 

Hubby and I shared the pancake flight with eggs and bacon on the side. It was perfect.

Will definitely be back."
"Have been wanting to try this place after seeing long queues on weekends whenever we passed by. 

Visited on a Thursday, before noon time. 
Didn't expect the wait for a table for 2 will be at least 45 minutes!

Service was great, servers were friendly! But food took a while to be served, probably around 25-30 minutes!

We had breakfast pot pie and hams benedict III.
Food wasn't as great as expected. 

Probably won't be back due to the long wait for an average breakfast food."
"Excellent food, server was fun and polite. Only bad side to this place is parking!!! I'll be back for sure, lots of pancake options to be tried but I think I'll uber there. :)"
This is a cool little place awesome atmosphere but the food backs up everything about the looks of the place the staff is very friendly you receive a lot of food for the money and the drinks are great
"Cheers to the pancake flight. Whoever came up with this idea was a genuis. The flight is three cakes of your choice at 8 bucks or so. The sweet potato was the best, followed by the pineapple upside down version and then the choc. chip variety. I also added a pretty tasty mocha at $3.50. The pancakes all had an unusual butter variety on each flavor which also upgraded these hotcakes to the next level.
   We only waited about 12 minutes on a Saturday AM and they have free coffee to drink during your wait. We snagged a nice table outside before the heat kicked in and there is a reason this place is popular - it's good. This is another chain though, but in the end, as long as the food makes me happy, it doesn't matter chain or not."
"Great location in old town and country plaza. The inside is modern and hipsterish. 

Sat at the counter. Waitress/bartender was polite. Ordered smashed avocado benny. 

Came out shortly later. Two large English muffins with tomato, avocado, Parmesan crisp, with a poached egg and hollandaise sauce.  Damn good egg Benedict.  Good portion and tasted fresh.  

Only knock is it needed quite a bit of salt.  I'm not sure if it comes this way on purpose or the chef didn't taste.  Also came with a small stack of hash browns. Which were also lacking salt and on the cold side. 

The menu looked pretty good. As well as the drinks. 

Water was filtered and free WiFi would make this place a frequent spot if you worked in the area. 

Kudos for having Sir Kinsington ketchup and cholula sauce."
"Such an awesome experience this AM! We sat at the bar and the service and food were both amazing! Valerie and the other bartender were attentive, friendly, and extremely accommodating! There was a ""customer"" that become extremely irate and rude over a glass of water and they handles themselves professionally and appropriately even though I can't say the same for this person they were dealing with! I would highly recommend this location!!"
"Let me preface this by saying I love(d) Snooze! Every time I'm in Houston I brave the parking and come grub. Today I ordered the pancake flight...one pancake and my side of bacon came out before the rest of the food, cold. I politely sent it back and my pancake flight came and new bacon came, with the same cold pancake and no syrup. By the time syrup came the other two pancakes were cold. My waitress was nice and comped the side of bacon but the experience was a downer. So to sum it up, still good food but the service and inattention by the kitchen has my eye wandering."
"Parking lot was full luckily someone left so I was able to get a good spot. I ordered 3 scrambled eggs with hash browns and bacon, simple right? Well, what I got was 3 scrambled eggs with bacon bits in it..... cmon now I know my order isn't complicated in the least. The eggs were super bland, that being said, I still strongly prefer the eggs from IHOP or Paper Co Cafe's. The bacon bits were too hard to chew and it tasted burnt. The hash browns were.... a snooze fest. Yeah it had flavor and herbs but it wasn't amazing, it tastes like it had sour cream in it? I wasn't a fan of it. This isn't somewhere I'd go for breakfast again , but the interior design is nice I guess.  I mean it'd be a cool place to take pics for the gram if you're into that or whatever."
"Long wait! And hour and half on Sunday around noon. Thefood is deff worth the wait. 

Bella bella Benny
Chile verdeBenny
Pineapple upside down gluten free pancake
Blueberry Danish gluten free pancake

These are very very good"
Aily is an amazing server! She gave our group a free pancake appetizers since our Discover Financial Services is downtown to do  volunteer work. The food is delicious the atmosphere is popping today. This was my first time and even though I am far from here I would make the trip again!
"Tried the Houston location on Sunday (it was the first weekend they opened and peak brunch time so we expected a long wait for our large group) and waited about 2 hrs. We have eaten at the Denver and San Diego locations and every time have waited about 30 to 60 minutes, so it's not just a new location thing. However, the wait is worth it. This location is actually bigger than the others. I have never had anything bad at any location and Houston is no exception. Drinks were delicious and food was hearty and flavorful. Even though it was a mad house, our waitress was nice and never pushy. I will definitely return and wait happily. 

People have complained about eggs and drinks. My Benny Duo was perfect and the Bloody Mary was as it should be. You just can't please everyone sometimes and it was the first weekend open."
"Really great food, very popular, and interesting drink menu. I was also really impressed with the advanced waiting software they used to keep track of people waiting for seats (the hostess was able to quote me exactly how long it'd been since I was quoted a wait time and what that exact time was). 

I really enjoyed the pancakes and the drinks I had. It was refreshing to see a significant amount of thought and variety put into a brunch cocktail menu for a change. My only big complaint was the pretty striking lack of insight into how parties should be seated efficiently. I was there with a party of 6 but ran into friends in a party of 2. We didn't request to sit together and they'd only arrived maybe 10 minutes before us but we were seated nearly an hour after them and they were placed in a booth that could've easily sat 4 or more. I've never run a restaurant and know brunch crowds are inherently crazy but seems the ball was somewhat dropped here. Also, the drinks at the bar took far too long after we ordered (some other patrons standing waiting with me also complained, so I'm confident I'm not being crazy here).

Anyway, the food was great, the facilities were clean, and service was fine once we were finally seated. It's just that first initial hump that could use some work. 

Go here if you're not in any kind of rush cause ultimately it's worth the wait."
"Now my favorite breakfast place! I would advise to come here early so you don't have to wait. We arrived around 8 and only had about a 15 minute wait. Loved the pineapple upside down pancakes, must have! They also have a special pancake that they change."
Amazing food! and I am supper thankful for Andrea she was able to help us out with a bit of a problem that occurred to me and my wife. Really great service we will be back again highly recommend!
"This place is worth the 45 min to an hour wait!!! The menu is so unique and creative! Loved this brunch spot. Sweet potato pancakes are amazing, and my fiance loved the pineapple upside down pancakes!"
"Yum yum and yumolicious. Very good breakfast/brunch here. I went on a a random Monday around 1pm and still had to park around the block. They have a small lot that was full. I can't Imagine parking on the weekends. 

Staff were friendly. Appeared to be a short wait for a table. I went and sat at the counter. Ordered some hot tea and half order of pineapple upside pancakes and chicken sausage. Pancakes came without syrup. I thought to automatically request some but decided to taste without. Very yummy n sweet unless u REALLY want syrup. Who doesnt love drowning pancakes in syrup?  Just a little weird but doable so I resisted. I prob could live with or without the chicken sausage but it was pretty good. But those pancakes tho!? 

Its a small space so the wait I'm sure is horrid on weekends. Prices are 8-15 depending on ur selection. If you are off at brunch time during the week get on out here"
Delish!!!! Took away a star for the stupid-long wait and our waiter forgot a few things. But food was delicious and I'll be back.
"I liked this place.  We had to wait around 40 minutes on a late Saturday morning.  The service was great.  Ambiance was a fun 70s type theme.  Ended up sitting outside and enjoying the weather.  The menu is so fun for foodies.  My daughter and I ended up sharing a Benedict flight that included a Mexican style Benedict and an Italian style Benedict with prosciutto.  Both were good, though I enjoyed the Italian style one more.  We also shared a pancake flight with pineapple upside down pancake, white chocolate with hot chocolate drizzle and homemade marshmallow and blueberry streusel.  All were good but not great.  So glad I tried this place but TC Eggingtons is still my favorite for breakfast in the valley."
"Good breakfast spot. Mimosas are Great, they have a variety of juices to go with your champagne. The food is really good and you may spot Dan Marley have breakfast."
"Let's just start off with saying the food here is absolutely delicious.Their breakfast tacos are flavorful and filling, would definitely recommend. We came here during the week around 1PM and there was almost no wait; however, I tried to go once on a weekend and was told the wait would be over an hour and a half so I left. The only thing was the service. Our waitress would go missing for significant periods of time and never checked on us outside of taking our order, thus the 1-star dock. Overall would definitely recommend this place!"
"The Snooze Heights location opened today and is the same fantastic food, the staff is super friendly and excited, there is lots of parking and the indoor and outdoor seating is all open and airy!  The best thing was we had no wait!  We will be back often!"
"The lines here are so short.... on a weekday before 9am. But it's worth it anytime. I like me a good Benny duo. They have a great team over in Montrose, too!

Also, Mondays and Tuesdays are the best days to go. I love day drinking before noon ;)"
"Let's see so to start off overall Snooze was great and I enjoyed enjoyed my meal! I had the Huevos Rancheros and a delicious Cranberry Mimosa as well as the Mmm Mmm Mimosa and I was feeling soooooo good afterwards. The food didn't take to long and only had to wait about 15 ministers to be sat, but service was great and I will definitely be coming back to try out new things, not sure how I'm not a regular here but I recommend it to most, they also have outside seating but it is to cold at the moment. Here, ya Snooze ya don't lose lol!"
"Awesome atmosphere. The music is great and the decor is very colorful and youthful. The only thing is the wait but it's worth it of course! There is street parking because Peking in the lot isn't enough. The complimentary coffee while you wait is a plus so you can get the juices flowing.lol I ordered the benny duo with the chilaquiles Benedict, and the chili verde Benedict and it comes with amazing hash browns! My roommate ordered the pancake flight with the pineapple upside down pancake,blueberry danish,and opted for French toast for the last one(perfect choice) and got the drunken monkey French toast. We split everything and that was the best choice! We only spent $27.33 on all the food and was well worth it.
GO TRY IT OUT;you S N O O Z E you L O S E!"
"Brunch perfection. There is not one single dish that we didn't like. With been to this restaurant is more than 20 times, and we always make it a point to try a new dish every time we go. I just wish they were lying is not always so long. But when it's just the 2 of us, we can usually snag 2 seats at the bar in less than 15 minutes."
"After hearing about this place from multiple people, I decided to take the plunge and try this place out knowing that there is always a wait. I figured it HAD to be excellent for there always to be a long wait. To my disappointment, this place is mediocre at best. The service is seriously lacking, took almost 10 minutes to be acknowledged and order drinks from the waiter. The food came out at a decent time but I felt like we waited a while for the waiter to come back and refill our drinks. I ordered the pancake flight and it was not impressive at all. The pancakes were very chewy and did not taste fresh. They tasted as if they had been sitting under a heat lamp all morning. Inside is loud with so many people since it is a pretty decent size establishment. The parking lot is tiny so more than likely you will have to find parking along the street."
"This is a step up from your neighborhood Denny's. (Ok more, than just a step ;) I wasn't blown away but love their consistency with high quality food and fresh ingredients.

Don't bother coming any time from 11-1. Your wait will be around an hour.. I went at 6:45 am and it was lively but no line! I also came at 1 PM and the wait was about 15 mins. (This restaurant closes at 2 PM)

 I loved Juan's Breakfast Tacos. It wasn't unique in its flavors..just a really good breakfast taco. The ingredients just taste really fresh. I've also tried the Sweet Potato Pancakes, Blueberry Danish Pancakes, Blackberry (pancake of the day) Pancakes. My favorite was the Blueberry Danish because it tasted like a muffin/cake!"
"The wait at 1pm on a weekday was only 15 minutes. Scored! 
The menu here is so extensive that I knew upon laying my eyes on it that I would come back for more breakfast galore!- gosh, who came up with all the cute dish names? Love the fact that you can order two types of Benedict or 3 types of pancakes. The smoked salmon and Belle Bella are great. The much touted OMG! French toast was underwhelming though, not thick, rich, or sweet enough thus a 4 star instead of 5. Can't wait to try their Breakfast Pot Pie and Pancake Flight the next time.
Oooh and about parking, my friend parked at the lot across the street on Montrose and didn't get towed. :)"
Went here for breakfast today. Food was super good and coffee was amazing but the service was very very slow. Super understaffed for a Saturday morning. If I hadn't had toast at home I would have flipped on the place for how long we waited for everything. The eggs and bacon were so good and the pancakes were as well but could have been better if it was warm. Will be back because I've only heard good things about here. Plus the patio can have dogs which is amazing!
"This place does NOT live up to the hype. There are far better breakfast/brunch spots. The food was good but underwhelming. I would go to brasil 9 times out of 10 over this place, especially considering the drinks are way better there."
"I have returned to Snooze once more. This time it was with Camille for a healthy dose of gossip and brunch. I love Snooze also because it remind me of retro times like I'm Marty McFly at the cafe in Back to the Future!

Food: Sweet Potato Pancakes (comes with toasted pecans and GINGER BUTTER) with a side of Thick-Cut Bacon and Cold Brew 

Wait: For a morning in the middle of the week, I was surprised that it was so crowded. About 15-20 minute wait 

Atmosphere: Trendy and Casual

Cost: It was about $19- 20 , could be seen as pricey but I could barely finish the massively delicious pancakes that I had. 

Service: 9/10 Our waiter forgot about us a few times but I give him the benefit of the doubt because it was so busy and he managed to keep everyone satisfied."
"Great any AM but always crowded, good luck finding a parking space but well worth the wait,"
Hands down my favorite breakfast place in Houston. I always get the pancake Flight. It's three different pancakes or two pancakes and French toast. My favorite pancakes is the sweet potato and the blueberry danish. I love the omg French toast. The other French toast is just okay. Also I get the lemonade mimosa which is my favorite
"YUM. My experience here definitely exceeded my expectation (for the most part) and I will definitely becoming back! 

Yes, the line is long but they have games for you to play as you wait as well as access to order drinks from the bar- I recommend trying one of the mimosas and bloody Mary's! 

Once we were sat, our waiter was very personable and made our experience ever better. I love how everyone is wearing onesies. Our waiter brought by a complimentary pancake of the day which was sooo good. 

I am a creature of habit and always order eggs Benedict so of course I had to order it (ham Benedict) and I was very pleased, it was one of my favorites that I've tried overall. 

The only thing that I would say needs improvement is the hostesses... one of them had a huge attitude problem and came off very rude. Not to mention all of them seemed to be in a bad mood, frowning the entire time. My friend even asked for something to be wiped up off of a chair outside and instead of offering to wipe it up for her she instead handed her a rag... not very professional."
"Amazing place! Went there Sunday around 11am and they said the wait is 90 min so we left. Went back again Monday around 10am and the wait was only 10 min. It has a cute brunch atmosphere for dates or with friends. I got the flight which is any 3 pancakes of your choice. I got the hot cocoa, blueberry, and the pancake of the day. Each has its own toppings it's so worth $11."
"Great food, the chicken sausage is amazing! Staff very nice also. We will definitely come back!"
Okay I have to admit I'm not a breakfast person at all I think eggs are eggs most of time pretty much everyone have the same thing lately I've been trying to explore new places found some pretty good ones lately and this was one of them there many was really interesting things I've never seen before like I had their sweet potato mash was fantastic little sweet eggs cooked perfectly and full flavor sweet potatoes didn't even need marshmallows it was so good the French toast was okay it was more caramel in sweet cream than anything Fred was not cooked crispy enough for me it was good probably when I get it again but definitely want to go back and try some more things and I menu Circe is pretty good too and the girl is always on top of the refills and is able to answer questions and give suggestions she was great in the area to must stop in for breakfast
"This place is amazing!! Minus the huge lines... but I'll teach you a trick:

1. Bring a friend, stranger, paid stand-in, whatever, with your party.
2. Drive to Snooze and drop off person from #1.
3. Have him/her sign up for your party on the waiting list. 
4. Go chill at some bar or coffee shop nearby (plenty in Montrose)
5. Come back when they text you with a 5-10 minute warning!

I'll have to admit the queues are pretty ridiculous and remind me of getting into a club, THEN pushing and shoving to get to the bar (literally what you have to do to tell them your phone was called). They do give you free coffee though (if it hasn't run out...)

The food was great and well-priced for a brunch place. It's definitely not the healthiest option out there, but all their choices are packed with flavor and the pancake flights are to die for. We were all full when we finished each time I've come here and left with a satisfied tummy."
"Yummy delicious pancakes. Ate here a few weeks back and loved it. Don't be in hurry tho if on a Sat or Sun Morning.  This place gets packed to the gills and the wait can be over 60mins long. But they provide complimentary coffee while you wait. 
Great place and we will be back soon."
"A really cute & cool place for lunch or brunch.  The food was good & flavorful.  There were tons of people that were working, but the service was still slow. Guess it's kind of expected since the place just opened so we'll see if they work out the kinks & get better over time.  The parking lot is tiny so expect to look for street parking."
"Okay I enjoy coming here.  I don't even mind setting at the bar.  Which I never set at the bar at other places.
The classic is is a good choice but today had the breakfast pot pie, excellent.  The guy next to me had the OMG French Toast.  It looked great and he said he was very pleased with it."
"4.5 stars.

Over July 4th weekend I ran across the Austin Snooze and after looking over the creative menu, I bookmarked it for later. Must of been a premonition, because I had never heard of Snooze before then, and wasn't expecting a Houston location to exist.

Five days into its existence I decided to go and try it. It was Sunday morning just before 10am. My friend went to stand in line while I parked. Parking was somewhat a pain but pretty typical for the area. Ended up parking a couple blocks away, but it was easily walkable. My friend was told a 1.5 hour wait, and gave her number so they could text when they could seat us. To kill time we went to the Walgreens across the street. That 90 minute wait was actually an hour and ten minute wait.

I ordered a mimosa (ended up having two) that were well balanced and not overly mixed with champagne, nor was it too weak. I also ordered a Benny Duo consisting of the Ham Benedict III (I always try the classic and make sure the restaurant can get it right) and the Bella Bella Benny. Both were very good however the English muffin was a little tough on the classic. May have just been the wrong choice using a butter knife to cut it (all I was given), it was more of a hassle then I would of liked. My friend ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie and had no complaints (that I know of for now!). We shared a Pancake Platter consisting of the Peanut Butter Cup (friends choice, too much PB for me), the Blueberry Danish Pancakes, and the Pancake of the Day which was a Strawberry Cheesecake pancake. The pancakes were very good and held their own, as we used no syrup. If you're used to eating them with syrup, as I am, then they may be lacking in sweetness for some tastes. I felt the Blueberry Danish could of had a lot more creme rather than just a dot of it injected into the center.

Now the service... Not without its share of blunders for a place that was on its opening weekend. We were brought someone else's dishes at least twice and they messed up my friends coffee order (ordered iced and they brought hot). My friend also asked for a side of ranch which our server had to find out for himself they didn't have. No biggie on any of those. Still learning the ins and outs, table numbers, and juggling a full house that probably started at opening until close. Our server approached all the problems with a good attitude, quick resolution and a great sense of humor.

I will be back soon. Many other Benedicts to try and I've been eyeing the OMG! French Toast!

P.S. The Hash Browns are pretty cool."
I had the chilaquiles hollandaise and they were excellent. So many good looking options to explore in the future.
The people that work here are so nice! There is always a wait but they can send you a text when the table is ready. I love the food.
"Sooooo..... was this place worth the 2hr wait? Nah, just as any hipster brunch place in Montrose the food the same. I got the chili verde Benny and it was ok. I really expected more with all the hype but nah it was just ok with me. 

Oh and I swear they don't have the ac on bc it was like 100 degrees sitting near the window. They new to invest in shades.

They only get 3 stars bc the server wasn't bad and was nice!"
"In Houston for the week. Woke up hungry and started searching Yelp for a good breakfast place. Snooze came up, looked interesting and had good reviews. To say this place is popular is an understatement. We had to circle around the neighborhood for a while to score a parking spot. At check in we were told the wait was 45-60 mins. We decided to wait and glad we did. I got a complementary coffee from the waiting area and we monitored the counter seating for about 20 mins before 2 spots opened up. The morning margarita was slamming good as was the Mexican medium roast coffee. I had the heuvos rancheros and my wife had the barbacoa eggs benedict.  Both of our meals were super delicious. The staff was rocking and totally on top of it. I would give this place 10 stars if I could."
"I've had a secret love affair with Snooze ever since my sister introduced me in Ft. Collins, CO. When they announced that they were coming to Houston, I was elated! Their quality of food and service are both outstanding. I highly recommend it to those who truly love a good breakfast."
The Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes and French Toast make this my favorite breakfast place! What makes it even more exciting is the fact that they are currently building out the former Arcodoro's space across from the Houston Galleria to open one directly behind my condo and just 2 blocks from my work! Look for me *almost* every morning once it opens! The service here is always great and you cant go wrong with breakfast food! Just wish they would open 2am to 230pm as this would make Snooze 6 STARS!!! ;)
"We waited ~35 mins on a Sunday morning around 9a. It was definitely worth that wait, but I don't know that I would wait 2+ hours as I saw in some of the reviews. Our food was delicious though! Just a traditional breakfast for me, my husband had a corned beef hash, and we shared some pancakes. Everything was quite good, although the pancakes were a little sweet for my taste. Next time I'd just get basic ones over the bourbon ones. Our server was AWESOME!! Super friendly and on top of her game!"
"The food is delicious, but it's always a hassle to visit this restaurant. Very busy and there aren't nice, comfortable places to wait for a table. We ended up being seated right next to the parking lot outside. Kind of weird, but again, the food was delicious. I think the overall space is just too small at this location."
"Excellent, excellent, excellent in every way.

My son and I ate breakfast here on a Saturday morning, a good test for one of their busiest times.  Arriving at 9:30 a.m. we were told a wait of 45 minutes to one hour, but we were seated ten minutes early at 35 minutes.

We shared the Snooze Spuds Deluxe and the Pineapple Upside Down Pancake.

The Snooze Spuds Deluxe is their version of a skillet / bowl combo of hash brown potatoes, melted cheddar and jack cheeses, eggs your style, and two add-on fillings.

For the eggs we chose scrambled, and for fillings chose fresh spinach and caramelized onions.  O-M-G every individual ingredient in this item was delicious by itself, and the combo together was superb.  Scrambled eggs perfectly prepared, hash browns just the right balance of crisp brown and softer white shreds, perfect amount of melted cheese, fresh spinach perfection, plus sweet and lightly brown caramelized onions.  I would say Snooze served the best version of this combo than any version I've ever eaten at any other restaurant.

The Pineapple Upside Down Pancake was sweet perfection.  Again, each individual ingredient was delicious by itself, and the combo was superb.  Their pancakes are the cake-y style that I love, not sponge-y at all.  The pineapple chunks were small size and generous throughout the pancake.  The crème anglaise was delicious perfection, and the cinnamon butter to spread was also perfection.  This pancake is the type of item that I would think about later and return to the restaurant to order it again.

The ambiance in the restaurant is clean, bright, stylish.  They serve complimentary coffee while you wait.  The staff was friendly as they took names of arriving customers, and our server was friendly and competent.  When we mentioned to him that we would be sharing both items, he offered to have the kitchen split the Spuds Deluxe on two separate plates for us, which was perfect.

Love this place!!"
"Came on a Friday around 11:30am. It was a 45min-1hr wait. There's free coffee while you wait or you can order a drink at the bar which also has its own line. They text you when you're table is ready so you can wander to Walgreens or the consignment store next door. We ordered a little bit of everything off the menu. Pancake flight (blueberry danish, pineapple upside down, and peanut butter cup), OMG french toast, breakfast pot pie, benny duo w/ chilaquiles and chile verde benedicts, a side of bacon and an omelet. Out of everything I'd get the benny duo and bacon again. Not really huge on sweets but the blueberry danish and pineapple upside down pancakes were best. An added plus was the hash browns were nice and crispy. Service was great. Our waiter was knowledgeable and had everything down to the T. I don't know if I would wait over an hr to eat here again but glad I was able to get in while I could."
"Snooze is one of my favorite breakfast joints, you have to try their cinnamon roll pancake! Can you say awesome, the wait is typically 30 to 45 minutes so bring a book or meet new people their while you wait but trust me you won't be disappointed."
"Omg. I absolutely love this place. I have recommended this place to everyone and their mother. If you're vegan or vegetarian, get their breakfast burrito, sub the eggs with tofurizo and be sure to get the green sauce (remove cheese if you're vegan). Having eaten tofu my whole life, I've never had better tofu anywhere else."
Met some friends here after landing in Phoenix. Great way to start the day! Spicy Bloody Mary and mimosa to start. I had the corned beef. Family had hollandaise. Sammie's were good too. Hash browns were fabulous!
Oh my goodness!  The foundation of a great day is built on an amazing breakfast and Snooze is it!  Been here twice and will continue to support this business as there food is incredible and service is top notch.
"Place to go if you want egg benedicts.  Long wait and slow service, don't expect a quick meal."
"This breakfast is so delicious, it feels sinful. Well, considering that I kept eating far beyond the point of satiation, I guess I did sin. But, gluttony is by FAR worth having to ask forgiveness for. Lol I've never not had anything I didn't like. If you're an indecisive foodie like me, try the pancake flight--and don't be deceived by the name of it--you can include French toast as one of the three you try. It's worth the wait and the calories! But, make sure you have absolutely nothing to do after. Cause you'll definitely need a nap! Lol I now know why it's called snooze ."
"Fantastic breakfast options all the way through lunch, great service, and wonderful coffee, cold brews, and lattes. Try the specialty pancakes or the unusual benedict options -- you won't be disappointed!"
"We had a late morning Tuesday breakfast here.  We were lucky and found a parking spot right in front of the main door.  It's obviously a favorite spot of locals as well as tourists and that's always a good sign.  Our server, Amberghini, was friendly, courteous and helpful.  Their menu is extensive and it takes a while to digest it.  The decor is early Ikea and the place is clean and well maintained.  My wife went for the French Toast Neat and I had the Snooze Classic. Her French toast came with blue berries and strawberries.  My Snooze Classic came with three over easy eggs, a nice slice of ham, hash browns and sourdough toast.  Presentation was fine and everything was prepared precisely as requested and tasted great.  We thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast at Snooze's."
Super good food. Plan on a long wait though. :(
"An unbelievable long wait. We waited for 75 minutes to be seated. It was understandable especially considering it as a hot and new place here. But this long waiting time made us expect a lot about the food.

The service was average. It was also understandable considering how packed this place was. They consistently checked in with us, and every staff there had this big smile on their face, which was a good sign for an extremely busy new restaurant.

Yet, I could only give the food there a three star. As for the food, we ordered the Benedict duo and the pancake flight to get both sweet and savory. Also it gave us the diversity.

Pancake flight--I was having a pancake of the day, a peach cobbler pancake, and a banana bread French toast. I would say the pancake themselves are the average pancake that we could have got in most brunch places. The banana bread French toast (drunken monkey something) was a good idea, but using banana bread to make the French toast lost the crunch and chewy French toast flavor. In terms of the peach cobbler pancake, the so called cream cheese filling did not stand out at all.

Benedict duo--the beef Benedict and the salmon Benedict were pretty good. The sour cream on top of the salmons Benedict added a lot of flavor to the Benedict itself.

Hot chocolate--we also ordered the hot chocolate and requested a whipped cream on top. I should say this was the WORST hot chocolate I have ever had. It was bland and flavorless. And the forgot the whipped cream a top. Worst hot chocolate ever. Even worse than the hot chocolate in a gas station.

Overall, the food was so so. Considering the long wait, I probably would not come back to this place...."
"Their pancakes are AMAZING! I love this place, but the waiting are annoying. The servers are nice in general, but they all pretty busy, I think they need more people to help and open up more space."
"Great food... I wish I could get in on the weekends, there is usually an hour wait by the time I arrive.   They definitely need an additional location.  There is a restaurant facility on Westheimer near Kirby that has failed so many times(Harwood Grill).  Snooze needs to move in there, they could make it work, it has a nice parking lot too."
"Dependably yummy and fresh brunch option, even if it is a chain, without the pomp or pretension of some places you could otherwise go and be ""seen"". I am a lover of poached eggs and all the fun things you can serve them on or with, and Snooze has plenty of variety in that respect. I give it 4 stars only because it's a chain and doesn't give me the warm and fuzzies I feel when I am eating at an independent restaurant with local owners, but otherwise it's great! Love the big booths and the themed decor!"
"Super Cute + Bright Eatery, with delicious food! The testament to its popularity: we came here at 8 am for breakfast on Friday, and were barely able to find a seat. By the time we were leaving, at 10:00, there was a line out the door. Looks like Houstonians know where to go to get their breakfast fix.

The food: diverse, to satisfy both your sweet and savory cravings. I would highly recommend the Frittata, and the Benny Goodman. The Benny Goodman comes in your typical Houston XL portion, with extra runny eggs smothered in sauce. The place is also known for all you can imagine flavors of pancakes. I got toast, fruit and eggs, and was impressed by the freshness. The jam for the toast-- SO GOOD.  

I reluctantly cannot give this place 5 stars soley due to their service. Because of how crowded it was, I felt as if we were being rushed through our meal. Our waiter went a bit overboard and continuously asked if we were done with our meal, whether we were ready for our checks. Slightly rude, IMO. 

Otherwise, love it here! So much so, that I came back on the same day!  I hear the mixed drinks are delicious, a next-time must try!"
"Went here for brunch after a night shift. Benedicts are pretty decent. The ambiance of the restaurant is very nice as well and bright/Rachel Ray like. It's not the best eggs benedict that I've ever had in my life. But given the nice ambiance of the restaurant and solid food, this is a good choice for morning brunch. I will definitely be returning."
"Saw this on the news and had to check it out! Overall not so impressed. They opened the doors so they turned off the AC but if you weren't seated by the window or door it was insanely hot and humid. They definitely still need AC on a hot day. 

Service: Came here Thursday midday- 30 minutes to be seated and then another 45minutes for food to arrive. Crazy slow service- maybe growing pains of just being open? Thought the 45 minute wait for eggs was ridiculous. With the exception of our waiter, the staff was not friendly. Seemed annoyed and irritated at everyone in the restaurant. Extremely unorganized.

Food: Decent. Had higher expectations than what the food came to be- baby barnaby's blows this place out of the water (with a much shorter wait and efficient staff). Ordered Breakfast hash- Found my eggs to be WAY too greasy, had a weird clear film of grease. I get it is brunch and I like greasy food but this was over the top. Hash was decent but nothing to write home about. My bf got the eggs benedict and wasnt impressed- didnt even finish them (same egg grease problem) but loved the hashbrowns.

Drinks: Bloody Mary mixer pretty good, best thing we ordered.

Overall, food was greasy, understaffed and long wait in crazy hot temperatures for mediocre food. Next time we'll go back to Baby Barnabys."
"Snooze gets my money almost every time I'm in Denver. But I found one in Houston, beat the Sunday crowd, and got my omg French toast!!!  It was just as good as the Denver location."
"Snooze! How amazing you are!

Lines are long but food is worth it.  Hopefully you can catch one of the communal tables and skip the wait. 

Food was phenomenal! All. Of. It!  

We had the OMG French Toast, Scramble, with the pancake of the day (Smores) and a couple Mimosas.  The OMG French Toast was stupid good! Everything you hear and more.  The pancake was on the same level. The Scramble was good but took a major back seat to the other items.

Service was solid too.  We had a really good sever.  Philip was his name.  He was very efficient, very nice and gave solid recommendations.  For as busy as they were he did an amazing job holding down all of his tables. 

The place has a great vibe to it, busy and bustling but stayed clean and under control.  

You get a bang for your buck for sure.  You pay for good food but you aren't giving an arm or a leg."
"Excellent food and an awesome location! The service was not the best, the waiter took her time to come serve us throughout the meal! For a breakfast joint I was surprised to see so many people, which was the reason we decided to eat here.. Would recommend to anyone"
"The service was superb!! The food was even better!! I had the steak medallions and eggs, it was like nothing I ever tasted before. Every single bite was full of  deliciousness. Kudos to the chef!  It will be even better if the food portions were a bit bigger tho."
"Came here on a Friday afternoon around 1pm. Parking is TOUGH, even at this hour, so either come here insanely early or carpool. 
Put down our name for a party of two and was quoted a wait time of 20 minutes that came and went; later the hostess asks why we haven't been seated yet.....???? and turns out their automated system seems to have skipped us or something. i also noticed this happened to several other people before us as well. hopefully they get that fixed soon, because we definitely waited at least 45 minutes for our table (which happened to be the worst seat in the establishment, right behind the kitchen doors in a corner shoved behind the waiter's station). I understand the restaurant was busy, but it took us another 15 minutes to get some water. After waiting in a crowded front part of the restaurant after all the cups are gone from the complimentary coffee bar, we were definitely thirsty.
I personally am a fan of savory breakfast food rather than the sweets, so I ordered the breakfast pot pie, which sounded interesting. but uninterestingly enough, 20ish minutes later, it was simply just a flake pastry pressed into a shallow 'bowl' shape with a ladle of sausage gravy over it. the hash browns that it was served with was very standard; looks nice but the taste did not match the appearance.  The only part i truly enjoyed of the dish was the fried egg on top. 
My friend said her Snooze platter was fine, which was just your basic assortment of eggs, meat, and carbs; but how could anyone mess that up?
Price points for all the menu items were standard marked/hyped-up fare. Most things are heavy so even though it looks small on the plate, you'll probably fill up pretty quick. Waitstaff and hostesses were extremely friendly and polite, however. They list all the sources of their ingredients on the menu and are eco-friendly, if you're into that. Restaurant was relatively clean and interior decor is cute (from what i could see from my dingy corner). I was probably just a little annoyed at how we were seated, the wait time to get the food, only to be met with mediocre food. 
Maybe next time when i'm craving sweets or alcoholic drinks I'll try some pancakes or one of their sammies or something."
"Very slow service. Had the eggs Benedict...it was ok. Not really amazing.
Waited an hour to be seated. Even trying to get a coffee from the bar took about 25 minutes if not longer."
"Completely worth the wait! Don't come here if you are rushed for time. I was in town for the Manchester City vs Manchester United soccer game and wanted a unique breakfast spot to eat at. Found this place through Yelp and decided to give it a try. 

I arrived around 10:45 am on a Thursday morning and the line was out of the door. To me, this is a good sign! I had to wait for almost 40 mins before a seat opened up at the bar. 

The hostess was super nice, she added my name to the wait list but also kept an eye out for a seat at the bar. Once a spot opened up at the bar she came outside to find me and let me know I could grab a seat. I can't say that any hostess anywhere would have done that.

Sat at the bar, ordered a few bloody marys, ate an awesome breakfast burrito, and chatted with some super friendly folks including the waitress Teresa... had a great visit!!!! Awesome staff and food here!

I will make it my business to come back here next time I'm in Houston!"
"This place was incredible! Environment was rad, everybody was so attentive, totally clean. I am vegan and they had so many options for me for once I felt overwhelmed. Hannah was our server and she was an absolute doll. I would go back just to see her honestly. Thank you for such an awesome experience."
"It was fine, but nothing to write home about. I am not a huge fan of eggs so the menu seemed somewhat limited since I wasn't in the mood for a sugary breakfast that wasn't composed of egg. The service was great though. The wait as expected, was a bit long."
"Am totally stoked that there is a new breakfast/brunch eatery in this area. Their eggs Benedict are yummy as well as their Bloody Mary. Great place for the whole family, with tons of options to please even the pickiest eaters. 

I suggest:
The Pancake Flights (yes, it's totally a thing)
The Benny Duo (For the indecisive eggs Benedict lover)
The Bloody Mary (perfect and spicy enough to cure your hangover)
French Toast

There is a private parking lot, so no trouble there, but it is tiny. There is street available.
I will totally be back, the staff is super sweet."
"the Bad: 40 minute wait/no waiting area
The Good: Food selection is exciting and tasty! Lots of exciting breakfast items to choose from beyond bacon and eggs. Dessert pancakes and Cocktails. Cool vibe. Friendly staff. Great spot for a low key/hangover breakfast with loved ones. Our food took forever to come out and they gave us a pecan cinnamon bun to nibble on that was extra-ordinary."
"Hello Snooze, please listen to your customers to improve service! The parking lot doesn't have enough spaces which is hard to get to your place on weekdays! Upon arrival the hostess doesn't acknowledge the people coming in at all. They are face of the restaurant the first and last impression. Cmon hostess I'm sure it's pretty easy to smile and have a nice warm greeting when customers walk in. The wait time is about 30-40 Min sometimes longer to get seated. Even though i saw open seating throughout the restaurant including outside seating. Second, the waiter took about 15min for us take our order and the food came out takes about another 30min. Average wait time for everything from checking in and checking out is over 2 hours. I am not sure if the restaurant doesn't have enough help or what but the wait time alone is so long and most people aren't going to wait and they can go somewhere else. If the speed is just a tad bit quicker it can make the difference of the diners experience and most likely to come back! I haven't been back since my first time experience cause the lack of speed and hostess not being prompt and the long wait times. Hopefully Snooze Eatery A.M remedies this situation!"
"So was in Houston visiting and woke up wanting to try some food spots. One good spot that jumped out because if it's name. Snooze. I thought it was a funny name. So i pulled up and the scene was in a nice area and that was truly a plus. (Needs more parking only complaint) 

Menu is next on the list. Options options options. I love that they have so many options to choose from. It's a little overwhelming but in a good way. Since I'm trying to stay on my life style i went with the breakfast tacos and this was my first time trying a tofu meat substitute. It was really good. I thought i was not going like it but man oh man was i wrong. I also had a mimosa with it to compliment. 

Overall it was a great experience. Can truly say one of the better brunch spots i have eaten in a while. It was so good. The service was great and most importantly not overcharging."
"Really disappointed this time around. I ordered the corned beef hash-- my usual, which is always VERY good-- and was very surprised to see the burnt, dark brown mess of hash that was brought out to me. The eggs and English muffin were all fine, but the hash wasn't edible due to the sheer amount of burnt grit on top. As our waitress was walking to another table, she turned and asked if we were ""all good"" and then darted away before I had a chance to address the issue. She then came over again some 15 minutes later to drop the check, and at that point it wasn't worth getting into.

We understand that servers work very hard and still left 20%, however neither the food quality or service in this situation warranted it."
"The food at Snooze is worth five stars, hands down. The waiting procedure is so awful, however, that I've decided to stop coming here. First of all, they don't take reservations. Expect to wait at least an hour on weekend days. Second, they don't have a clear cut waiting area, so you wind up milling around, consistently in the way of other customers and yelling to be heard over the din in the main dining room. I love the food here, but waiting so long and in such an uncomfortable setting just kills it for me. I'm generally grouchy by the time I get my meal. If you want to experience the magic that is Snooze brunch, chose an off day (Tuesday morning?) and bring some reading material."
"This place is okay, but for as long as the wait is. It's not worth the two hour wait that it always is. I've been here twice, the first time we left because it was a two hour wait. We tried again the second time and they said it would be about 2 hours to 2 and a half hours of a wait. Ain't nobody got time for that! We just got it to go instead. The best thing about this place is their French toast but everything else is pretty basic. It's not a bad place at all but it's not all that is what I'm saying."
"Love their breakfast.  

The menu is extensive, so take your time.  The flight of pancakes seems to be popular, but I went for the hash.  It's very unique and tasty.

The Coffee is fresh and refilled often,  coupled with exemplary service.  Come early and forget the wait, otherwise, plan on hanging around for a table.  That simply means great food."
"Come hungry, this cute little spot will fill you up! Try any of the eggs Benedict options paired with a mimosa for a brunch you won't forget!"
A little of a wait. But worth it. That good!!! was amazing. The tacos were great with barbacoa. Yummm the mojito was amazing  will be coming back.  Wonderful atmosphere very 50s.
Great brunch spot! Long wait in line on Sundays but worth it. Ive had quite a lot there amd nothing has dissapointed me. The staff is good.
"Snooze was nothing short of delicious.We came on a Monday and we had to wait around 30 minutes to be seated and about 20 more minutes to actually receive the food, but when it came oh my! I had the Benny duo where you get to select two of the eggs Benedict off the menu to try. I got the classic ham and the Bella. The hollandaise sauce they use here at Snooze is to die for. Eggs Benedict is my favorite breakfast food and they definitely did my favorite food justice. The bella had an overwhelming smell of balsamic but believe me it was perfectly balanced. My partner had the breakfast pot pie and the rosemary sausage gravy was heavenly! The hash browns were a bit bland but I prefer the natural taste of potato. I can't wait to come back! I'll have to add this place to my weekly rotation.

Pros:
Delicious Food
Fun atmosphere
Pleasant Staff
Virtual Line

Cons:
Long wait times
Lack of places to sit while waiting
Lack of Parking"
"Good food, but not sure it's worth the 30 minute plus wait.
We brought books and thus guy laughed because he couldn't imagine the wait could be that long.

Very understaffed, plenty of tables outside.

They will need to improve the staffing.
Plenty of great Bfast and brunch options that have much better wait times."
The wait here could be a while. Usually have to wait 20-30 minutes. The food is pretty good and service is usually good. I always get the mix and match eggs Benedict and pancakes
The first time I went the services was not great but I went to snooze again and the people were wonderful! I would definitely go back for the French Toast. Everything else was normal breakfast/brunch food that you could get that doesn't have a 1.5 hours wait time.
The food tastes pretty good but it's not worth to wait for such a long line like 30-60 mins. I went there for a couple times but it never impressed me especially with long waiting.
Has the breakfast pot pie! Was delicious and defiantly recommend!! Parking lot is small we just parked across at the mattress firm.
"Why wait in line if when you end up being served cold food not once time over, but twice. Pass. They picked the worse location. We call it ground zero in this area. Not safe. Also, the place is not clean. Bathroom user beware which make you feel servers dont wash their hands. Why waste anytime speaking of the food. Better chains elsewhere. Sadly this chain link just doesn't make the cut. Snooze is a Snooze. Sleep in, dont go."
"Delicious, Delicious, Delicious.... I had some of the best Benedict's. Dog friendly, at the time was very important for us. The outside tables are a little small but we were a large party. 
I ordered a Spicy  Chi tea and can not wait to have again. Will return again."
"I'm a huge breakfast lover, so to find a place with an extensive, fun and delicious breakfast menu always gives me the good vibes.  And Snooze definitely delivers on all facets.

On this trip, we had the Chile Verde Benny (pork green chile Benedict) and the BEAT (bacon, egg, arugula, tomato) breakfast sandwich.  Each dish came with a side of hashbrowns.  For the benedict,all I can say is WOW!!!!!  The pork and chile hollandaise were out of this world good. I was sopping up every inch of sauce from that plate.  I am 100% ordering it again, and I think my bf was a little jealous of my order.  Not that his sandwich wasn't fantastic (it was incredibly tasty), but that benedict dish is an absolute star.

And fun side note: if you enjoy coffee, and specifically their coffee, you can buy a bag of beans to take home :)  I didn't buy a bag on this trip, but am definitely considering it the next time I go.

If you go on a weekend, expect a bit of a wait, but trust me...it's worth it!"
Love this place! My go to is the breakfast tacos and the cinnamon roll pancake (not listed on their menu). I don't think you can really go wrong with anything on the menu!
"Best panckakes I've ever had! Definitely try sweet patato panckakes, they just melt in your mouth. Perfect place for slow breakfast."
Unique breakfast foods and so many things I want to try. Well made and service is very good. Go at an off time as it is always busy at typical breakfast and brunch times. I went at lunch on a weekday and I got a table fine.
"Everything was delicious here, EXCEPT the grilled cheese sandwich. Not nearly enough cheese and not much flavor. Their tomato soup, however was fantastic as were their pancakes. The service is also friendly and attentive. Two Thumbs Up!"
"I had the Michelada, which was good but it did require extra hot sauce. I also had bacon, egg, arugula and tomato (BEAT) sandwich. This was also very good!! It's also adorable inside and they have good service and music. I would go on a weekday because i don't think it's worth a 2 hour wait."
"Very busy. Most likely have to wait for a table, but the food is worth it!  Pineapple upside down pancakes is all I  have to say: get them,  you won't be disappointed!"
"Like most people, I appreciate really well made food! I ordered the corned beef hash (1st time ever having it) and it was delicious! I paired it with a soft fluffy pancake and scrambled eggs made to perfection. The service was great and will come back again!"
One word- AMAZING!!!! My favorite breakfast/ lunch spot. Awesome staff as well! Every item on the menu is so great and unique!
"This is my favorite place to eat in Houston. If someone ask me to go to breakfast or brunch I always want to eat here. I don't care how long I have to wait in line, the reward of eating there is worth it. 
I always get the spuds deluxe, I usually eat all my food but this portion is so great that I end up taking about half of it home. If your goal in life is to eat your body weight in food, order the breakfast burrito. You're welcome!"
Went here on a Tuesday and the line moved very quick. Took about 15 minutes to get seated. I tried their OMG French toast and it was amazing! I also recommend the benedict with salmon in it. Second time I went was on a Sunday so the wait was about an hour. Tried the flight pancake dish and that was just as amazing!
"As my first time eating here, I had high expectations from all of the recommendations from my friends who said this was one of the best breakfast places around. I ordered the snooze spuds the locks, and when I received my food it was missing one of the add-ons that I had requested. The bacon was also a bit overcooked. My food experience was a bit underwhelming, but the staff was friendly and I would be willing to give this place another go."
"Service was not impressive however the food was delicious like always.

Pancake of the day: 3.5/5 

Burrito: 4/5

Omelet: 3/5

Tacos: 4/5 I added bacon and jalepenos which was a great choice"
"My favorite breakfast place with legit vegan options 10/10. Staff and service is amazing. This place is always poppin', so make a reservation if don't wanna wait. I always sit at the bar with friends. Food is dank af. Coffee is the kitty's titties. Mimosas are always on point. Shouts to Kaitlyn, Ariel, Nick, Hailey, and Roger!"
"Hands down my favorite brunch spot! The staff at every location are always friendly, helpful, and warm. I always get eggs benedict. They have a huge selection and each one is amazing, you can't go wrong. The only downside is it's a crazy popular place so service can be kind of slow but that's understandable! Love snooze"
When the line is outside - you know it's good! Try their Benedicts and mimosas! For adventurous ones - bacon infused bourbon drinks are nuts!
"90 min wait to start off, after that we ordered around 12:00 and part of our order came out around 12:08, the rest came out around 12:45. Our waiter brought my date her pancake first, then came back 3 mins later and I quote ""they didn't bring you the right pancake did they""
Well no they didn't, but what do you mean they, YOU brought it..

No manager insight for a table touch, the server came out and ""swear I didn't forget about y'all"" as the table across from us who ordered 15 mins after us got their food before us. I'm not one to make a scene being that I am in the industry, but I figured a yelp review would be sufficient.

So, about 2 hours worth of a wait for small portions and an expensive bill from a server who didn't seem to care enough to advise a manager to come by and see how we where doing.

I will not be back, ever again. There are better options for the same price and bigger portions who actually care about their guests."
This place is so cool.  They accommodated my group of 20 and for a smaller restaurant that was impressive.  The staff is super nice!!!  The food is good as well.  Yall can have all my money lol.
Parking can be a problem so wear walking shoes or uber.  Our waitress was amazing!  So friendly and patient with hungry people that wanted to try every item on the menu.  This place is a gold mine.  Everything is so so yummy.  They made a mean bloody mary too.  Go early cause there can be a long wait but its so worth it.  Will be back wearing my stretchiest  pants.
I enjoyed my visit at snooze. The corned beef hash was really good will be getting it again. The place was clean. It was a good dinner experience.
"What can I say, this place is awesome!!!

We went on Saturday of Memorial Day weekend and the place was absolutely mobbed.  Waited about an hour for a table and it was well worth the wait.  

Very cool, upbeat servers and staff food was extremely good and should definitely be on your list of places to go for breakfast."
Omg!!!! Best breakfast ever!!! If you want crazy yummy this is the place! The people that work there I don't know where they all come from but there so freaking nice!!!!!     Love it yes you will have to wIt but it's worth it!!
"Items Selected:
Coffee
Pancake Flight:
Pineapple Upside Down - Buttermilk pancakes with caramelized pineapple chunks, housemade vanilla crème anglaise and cinnamon butter
Drunken Punk'n - Our homemade pumpkin with a cream cheese filling, topped with bourbon infused maple syrup, sweet cream drizzle and maple spiced pepitas
Blueberry Danish - Buttermilk pancakes topped with blueberry coulis, sweet cream and almond streusel surrounding a center of lemony cream cheese filling
Sister Fig's French Toast - Fresh Brioche griddled with fig preserves and Tallegio cheese and topped with blood orange syrup, caramel and walnut streusel

One of several Arizona locations spawned by a chain out of Colorado, Snooze ""An AM Eatery"" was visited for early brunch on New Years Day as a result of two things, the first a recommendation from a trusted Chef back in Las Vegas and the second a simple matter of convenience as none of the local mom n' pop shops were open for the holiday.

Small and kitsch, the décor and color scheme harkening a 1970s kitchen while servers bounced around in New Years Eve party hats, it was moments after 7am that I arrived at the sizable Town & Country eatery, no line at such an early hour and seating offered immediately.

Espousing ""Green"" ethics while filling the menu with words like ""Local,"" ""Seasonal,"" and ""Community,"" Snooze offers a menu of ""Fresh Twists on American Classics"" and proudly telling as story of Fair Trade Coffee practices yielding an exclusive roast from Guatemala there is really no questioning the restaurant's ethics, though with such things comes a price higher than the typical restaurant chain while service is so laid back that it almost seems - at times - disinterested.

Eventually flagging down a young lady busy flirting with a fella sporting a man-bun to take my order, two plates and coffee that essentially required begging to be refilled totaling just under $25 before tip, it was no more than fifteen minutes before the kitchen sent plates forth, the portions somewhat smaller than would be anticipated considering the prices and the results 'fine,' though certainly nothing to write home about.

No doubt a bit more interesting than IHOP or Denny's, and additionally offering 'flights' of Bennies and Pancakes that allow diners to dabble without overinvesting on one plate, it was with three style flapjacks that the tasting got underway and with syrups only blending somewhat the ""Pineapple Upside Down"" was still somewhat oddly flavored, the texture actually surprisingly dry while blueberry and Pumpkin were better textured with unique syrups bolstering the taste.

Faring better than the Pancakes and doing an admirable job in sourcing brioche from local artisan Bread & Cie it was next in the Sister Fig's French Toast that taste buds were entrusted, the bread itself as good as remembered though a bit more time soaking would have been a personal preference, while  melted cheese and fig preserves walked a tightrope between sweet and salty, the bright syrup dancing equally well to caramelized nut streusel."
"I had to look at the menu a day ahead because it's so extensive and I still didn't know what I wanted upon arrival. The place is extremely cute and reminds me of a chic diner. Since I'm off alcohol until the month of February I wasn't able to try any of the drinks that they have to offer. I ended up getting a single pineapple upside down pancake, bacon, and one scramble egg. The amount of bacon they give you as a side is more than you will get at most places which is great. The bacon was very thick and had a smoky flavor which I loved. The scrambled egg had nothing worth really reviewing about. Had to season it myself. The pancake however was amazing. It had chunks of pineapple in every bit and the size of the pancake had me extremely full. Even though the times Snooze is open is a little difficult for my schedule I will try and come back here and try other items when I can. The only reason I'm taking a star off is the gnats (flys) I had to deal with around my table."
"Initially I thought I'd give this place a 4-star review solely based on their VERY limited parking lot, but the food definitely made up for it! 

On the inside, this place has such a fun energy of people who love to work here, and it shows! Although it was already around 12:30 pm, the place was still crowded but no lines luckily. 

We got the sweet potato hash and the pancake flight. The hash was topped with 2 perfectly cooked sunny-side up eggs and the flight includes 3 of your choice of their fairly large and flavorful pancakes (we chose the pumpkin spice, sweet potato, and their daily pancake - chocolate and pretzels)! Their coffee is pretty on point as well!

Can't wait for y'all to open up in Webster!"
"Best french toast and pancakes. I tried their OMG French toast and sweet potato pancakes. Really tasty. And portions seem smaller than other breakfast places but I think what snooze gives you is a normal amount. 

Can't go wrong with their pancakes and French toast."
My prayers have been answered!!!! Snooze in Houston is now a reality! Pancakes beyond compare but their Benny's are also an unsung hero! Talk about amazing I swear you can't go wrong with anything you order here.
"They need to hire help ..takes forever to refill h2o
Slow service"
"Price is fair for the area, but there are definitely better options around like Barnaby's. Long line to get in and a long time to be served. Probably will enjoy your food more if you are tipsy after a few mimosas."
"My third time dining at Snooze & still love it. Great staff, very attentive. I've had a different dish EVERYTIME & enjoy each meal. A must!!"
"finally tried snooze. first timer! we went on christmas eve so there wasn't but a 10 minute wait. pretty early to order cocktails but we did. 
our waitress informed us after taking the drink order that she actually couldn't serve us until 10am. lol. so we got iced coffees which were great and suddenly...
a cinnamon roll pancake shows up at our table!
it. was. amazing. 10/10. i think she felt bad that we had to wait to drink haha, but it was a great surprise. everyone's food was awesome. i do wish their hash browns were crispier but maybe that's something i can ask for next time. 
we did get our drinks at 10am, they were nice and light but decently potent as our mimosas also had liquor in them!
i probably wont eat here until next christmas eve, but it was a good experience overall"
"Discovered this in Denver, CO and was PRAYING there was one here in Houston!  Great food, good alcohol beverages (even for breakfast) ...the OMG French toast is my absolute favorite!  Although I've almost tried1/2 the menu now, NOTHING disappoints.  Everything is good."
"Not worth waiting an hour for, but very good.  The wait staff is very friendly and helpful.  We had the three sample pancakes, I think my fav was the pineapple pancake, next was the sweet potato pancake!  The coffee was very good, and so was the mocha latte.
Cant wait to try it again.  Hint: dont sit at a table by the kitchen, it's really loud next to the kitchen doors."
"This place is pretty good, we've been several times.  I'm not sure it's worth the wait though.  It's an hour+ some days!  I know it's not their fault, but that's crazy.  The parking lot is tiny too.  Maybe they need to open up a second location?"
"This is one of the best breakfasts I have had EVER. Their menu is full of dishes I'd like to try. I got the breakfast pot pie and it was divine - especially the rosemary sausage gravy. But my husband's dish was even better- he got a Cuban breakfast sandwich and it was by far the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. Our waiter was kind and attentive, and the atmosphere is so nice. We will definitely be back!!!"
Love their pineapple upside-down pancake! Waiting can be horrendous depending on the time you get there
"Despite the parking issues and the heat inside the restaurant, my time at Snooze was lovely.  I enjoyed the environment and my waitress, Heather, was very kind, charismatic, and even gave me one of the best breakfast pot pies I've ever had. I look forward to coming back and trying more things."
"It's a fun place to have brunch and meet up with friends.  Food is good but not spectacular, given the price point.  However, the service is superb and I would be interested in returning to try out other food and drink options."
Food is Delicious!! The place is clean and the staff are friendly! Be prepare to wait to be seated but it's worth it! Will definitely be back!
"Is it a good breakfast/brunch? Absolutely. Is it ""wait in line for 45 minutes"" good? No. It's about on the same level as Buffalo Grille, Empire Cafe, Lola, Dish Society, or Cafe Brazil, all places with comparably good breakfasts where I've never had to wait as long. Heck, I've never made a reservation at Weights+Measures for brunch and have always been promptly seated, and IMO that place is a step up."
"I have had Snooze a couple times in different states and every single time I have a great experience. 

In terms of preference some of my favorite dishes are as follows: French toast (obsessed), Benny Goodman (yum), Drunkn Monkey French Toast, and the Egg White Frittata. There are tons and tons of options so there should always be a solid choice for everyone. All the locations have a cute vibe to them so its a good date spot, Sunday brunch, fam time, really whatever you want. I've not had their morning cocktails but from people around I have heard positive reviews. You should definitely try things besides the basic mimosas or bloody marys. 

Anyways, I recommend! Oh one more thing, sometimes the wait is enormous so figure out how long that might be."
The pancakes are delicious Also the grits were amazing highly recommend this lowkey spot
"Dined at the San Diego location while attending a conference and it was FANTASTIC 
The hash casserole with corned beef was the best I've ever had and the specialty pancakes were Divine!!
This became the spot for every breakfast meal throughout the conference.
The lines are LONG and rightfully so; best way to avoid it is takeout which is exactly what we began to do. 
Loved loved loved every thing we had here."
"We should have known better than to arrive at a brunch spot on Saturday morning with no reservations, but the staff at Snooze seated us within 15 minutes of our arrival. We had some delicious mimosas while we waited-- I had the Garden mimosa, which was mostly sparkling wine... what a way to start the day! Despite sitting outside, our experience was very pleasant. The coffee was excellent, and the diverse menu made it difficult to choose. I settled on the Benny Goodman, a mashup of the classic cream cheese and lox and eggs Benedict, and my partner had (admittedly average) breakfast tacos. We will definitely return to try the more unique breakfast items, as it's clear that's where Snooze shines."
"I am officially obsessed with this place. If I lived closer, I would probably always stop here for breakfast!
Chilaquiles Benedict is hands down one of the best benedicts to try! The hollandaise is magic. The whole dish was a flavor explosion!
Couldn't leave without tasting their pancakes, so I got a single order of the pancake of the day. Fluffy pancake with a delicious blueberry sauce, mascarpone cream, topped with fresh strawberries."
"I think last time I gave them a higher rating.

So, the coffee is good. But when reading the cute 'story' of how the coffee was sourced I was distracted by the numerous grammatical and spelling errors. Yes, it does matter. 

Service? I preferred my server from my last visit, these servers today seem a bit trite (as I say, seem to me) or a tiny bit condescending. 

For breakfast I had the blueberry quinoa porridge, which was good. But...kinda expensive for value. Heads up, if you like this stuff (and I do), you can get it frozen at Trader Joe's, around the corner of the shopping center, and it's good.

Nonetheless, this is a great place to go to eat breakfast and(!!!) the music wasn't nearly so loud this time."
"Banana pancakes. That's all I have to say. This is your carb loading station. I was good and had bacon and eggs but after tasting the pancakes, I will certainly head back on my next carb-hunger day. Nice clean place, great service. Prices are Biltmore prices, so what? YOLO, right? This place is special. We need more special"
"I am always up for a good breakfast place and Snooze AM Eatery is no exception.  They've been open for about three weeks now, and they are definitely doing something right.  Luckily, when I went by with a colleague on Friday morning, we just missed the rush; there was only a few minute wait to get seated at around 9:30am.

The name ""Snooze,"" may conjure up the image of someone sleeping in, but the staff at this place is high energy and full of smiles.  The hostess, server, and all of the staff we encountered were super friendly.  The atmosphere is bright and cheery -- clean too.  Our coffee and water were constantly being refilled and our food arrived pretty quickly after we ordered as well.

I had an omelette with egg whites, spinach, mushroom and jack cheese with tomatoes and multi-grain toast.  I know, I know... boring but healthy and made just right.  I was a happy camper.  My dining companion had the Upstream Benny.  We also shared a side of the signature ""Sweet Potato Pancake.""  Mmmmmmmm - I highly recommend it!  

I don't know that I'd go wait in line to eat at Snooze on the weekend, but I totally recommend it as a weekday option.  I noticed they have plenty of bar seating - a nice option for anyone that may be dining solo.  Seeing that this is their 9th location (they've got several in Colorado and California), I have a feeling this place will do just fine and I look forward to returning sometime soon!"
"Not happy this morning. This is all about bad service. I love Snooze but this location tilted me out this morning. Our service was the absolute worst!!!!!

Our server was either new or just didn't give a rip about anything. Here we go. 

I meet my buddy for breakfast and order the classic with poached eggs, ask for crispy bacon, and extra crispy hash-browns with a English muffin. 

We get the food after quite a long wait but they were busy which is fine no issue there. This is where to me it fell apart. 

The guy who dropped the food off asks ""is there anything else I can get for you?"" And I say, YES we need ketchup and hot sauce. He walks away and literally I'm waiting like an idiot for over 5 minutes when finally I get so annoyed I get up and take it from shelf myself. 

I get jelly with my English muffin that is the size smaller than a quarter. Ummm it barely covered half of one slice. So our server doesn't check on us and I have to flag down another person to ask for more jelly. He doesn't fill our water and zero awareness of what's going on with his customers. 

He randomly walk by and I still have food in front of me, he proceeds to grab the ketchup and hot sauce that I got myself and I almost half to yell at him to say I'm not done using it. I mean is he for real that he just takes the condiments while I'm still eating and clearly using them?

He comes by and finally asks if we want more water and anything else or the check. Bro learn how to interact with people and not just be an order taker. Service from today sucked. I still love the food but come on don't be that kind to basic things."
I have been here numerous times now and the customer service keeps getting better and better! Their staff are always friendly and super inviting! Not to mention to food is also great! Their pancakes are the best I have had! I totally recommend the blueberry pancakes. I recently brought my mom with me and she said their French toast was the best she has ever had!
"Great food. Love the place too and they offer free coffee while you're waiting for a table. Too bad they close early and the parking is challenging. But overall, it was a great place to eat."
"Arrived at Snooze about 15 minutes before they close because I brought my mom who was in from out of town. She heard about this place and really wanted to try it. We were sat with no problem. My mom ordered the sausage gravy, corned beef hash, and omelet. The gravy was more of a thick casserole opposed to a gravy. It had carrots and celery in it which was interesting for a breakfast gravy. I had the spud deluxe with bacon and sausage which was great. The best thing was the server informed me that lost their items can be ordered in half portions which was great because the spud deluxe was huge! I also had a half order of the neat French toast and it was great!"
"Nice environment. This place gets busy quick and parking maybe limited because of it. Heard about this place from a lot of people so I figured I gave it a try.

Drinks:
Got house blend coffee, really wanted with ice and waiter even acknowledged it but got hot instead... no biggie. Coffee was just ok. Wife got hazelnut latte with almond milk. She said it was good.

Food:
Breakfast pot pie, not bad. The gravy is light and good. Pastry came fluffy too. Not much to talk about hash brown or egg. I did order sausage a la carte  and it was delicious and flavorful.

Wife got ham Benedict III, she said it was great and it was. Hollandaise was soo light and flavorful. Muffin and ham goes well together.
I feel if you come here try this type of dish something you can't make at home. 

Sweets: omg french toast. Pretty good. Can't explain much. Toast was a little soggy with all the vanilla creams and mascarpone. But it's pretty good

What I'm about to say next matters lol duddddde serano pepper sauce at the table was BOMB!! So good and the Ingredients in it is good I don't see chemical names. I want to buy me a bottle too. 

Good experience... $50 later, having thoughts of if I will come back. I guess maybe another update review later."
"We went on a Sunday brunch. Arrived at 10 am, waiting time was about 45-60 min. We decided to stay and wait. 

Service was good. Waitress was very helpful, and did know the menu for allergies and stuff. She seems to like the place, she said she use to work at Starbucks ( can't remember her name) 

Food was just ok. Eggs benedict are cook to perfection but the hollandaise sauce is pretty bad ( base on cream cheese...). Hash brown was amazingly good and pancakes also. Tried a cocktail coffee and when is ""iced"" they actually just add ice to it. Gets watery quickly. 

AC was broken. There were 80 degrees inside the restaurant ( showed the thermostat in bsck near restrooms).   That is actually that bothered me a lot, I was almost sweating during eating.  Should be announced  before we wait 45 min to be seated.  

Not a bad place to go a try something different but not as good be repeated.  Spent about 80-90$ for 3 adults - child"
"Brunchin for the 1st time in about a year, and this was a great way to break my dry spell...although there was a 55 min wait...i snagged a seat at the bar when a couple got up to leave...yes no wait! ordered cinnamon roll pancake...yes 1 bc its huge! The pancake was amazing and taseted like a real cinnamon roll. My entre was corned beef hash and eggs....yummm on my tounge. Service was great. Bartender was groendly and reccomended a great wisky based drink with ginger beer that was pretty amazing. Will definately be back again!"
Great for brunch though I would not wait very long if the place is busy. Not worth that extended period but if the time is right all the eggs benedict and pancake options are all delicious.
"Woke up late on a Wednesday morning and rolled up to Snooze with my man for a morning date.  We got there around 1030AM; the tiny parking lot in front of the restaurant was obviously already full.  But we easily found street side parking close by. We waited less than 10 minutes while we enjoyed the free coffee before we were seated.  I order the Chilaquiles Benedict with a Bloody Mary while my date ordered Havana Daydreaming. My eye opener was not memorable but I guess it was enough to kickstart my day.  Chilaquiles Benedict was absolutely delicious.  The poached egg yolk poured generously over the juicy barbacoa when I slices through the egg white . My side salad saved me from my guilt and cleansed my palate for between bites.  I usually have food envy as in the other person always has a better dish, but not this time.  I had some of the Havana Daydreaming; but I don't remember anything of it. I would definitely go back! Probably not on a weekend though."
"I'm hoping it was just a bad day, because I have been to another location in another city and it was quite a bit better. The hash-browns were crispier, the food was warm and not room temperature and the entire staff was way friendlier and went out of their way for us. The staff here seemed indifferent and didn't explain things like the other location did. Basically the staff at the other location treated us like a 5 star restaunt and here we felt like we were kinda at Denny's. 
That being said, the gluten free pancakes are amazing. Best gluten free pancakes (outside the other location) I've ever had. 
The other location was just amazing so I am gonna give it some time and come back, hoping I had caught them at a bad day."
"Best breakfast in the Valley!! So many options for vegan, vegetarian & meat lovers!! Can't wait to bring my family one day!!"
The only complaint I would have is that too many people come here and the line is out the door :)
Long wait times for pretty ordinary breakfast. I doubt I'd struggle to eat here again on a weekend.
If you want an affordable clean breakfast or brunch this is your place! 8 different options of eggs Benedict is a sell for me. They also have 6 types of Bloody Mary Cocktails that are super unique. They close every day around 3pm and the wait can be up to 2 hours on the weekends so keep this in mind and maybe plan for a walk around the Montrose neighborhood before dining. Also they offer delicious free coffee while you wait. Enjoy!
"Food was fabulous! Service is abysmal. Requested an putdoor table and was told none were available when some clearly were. We were seated at the back. OK - fine.
Our server was Triscuit, who could not be bothered to actually stop at pur table lonf enough to answer any questions or refill water. We ordered our meal and waited 25 minutes to receive it. Literally watched another table order, get served,  and finish before we got our food. Tgen our meal was delivered by another person. Had Benedict III, OMG French Toast, and side order of hash browns and eggs. Everything tasted really good and prices were decent, but a little high for what you get (around $10-12 per ""meal""). Again, our service was awful. We requested an extra plate which didn't come until we had finally almost completed our meal. Once done with our meal we had to wait 10 minutes or more for our bill to be delivered.  Overall, wouldn't go back. Just not worth it."
"Had the eggs Benedict duo with one classic and one Bella, Bella(prosciutto, Taleggio cheese, and perfectly poached eggs on toasted ciabatta, topped with cream cheese hollandaise, balsamic glaze and arugula). Oh my, was it good.  The flavors were excellent.  I munched through both of them.  The only huge drawback is the wait. We got there before the lunch crowd so only had a 15 min wait.  It was also a little loud."
"Our favorite breakfast spot. I'm in love with the blueberry danish pancakes. The wAit can be a little annoying, we try to go when we think no one is there( lol) or we definitely have the patience."
"It's good, there's a wait tho, be prepared for it, the complimentary coffee they have is usually out so grab a 3$ cup from the bar if you can for the wait. Foods good, hella full of sugar so if it's not your thing tell whoever takes your order."
I went with my husband and daughter for late brunch on a Wednesday.  No wait.  Greeted nicely by hostess.  Sat in back with server Zach.  Ordered coffee.   Hot espresso machine not working.  Coffee was brought.  No water.  Asked for water- still no water.  Ordered food. Zach did not seem happy to be helping us.  Food came- still no water or refill on coffee.  When food came- it was delivered by a runner.  Asked again for water.  Zach did not come back to table until it was time for us to pay.  Food was good- hot.  Pancake was a bit over top (Peanut butter sauce drenched the cake)- happy that it was gluten free mix.  Not sure about cross contamination though.  Hash brown had a bland taste. Too much hype for the food for me. Service was less than expected.
"Our new favorite breakfast/brunch spot! The whole staff was so kind and helpful. They even brought out pancakes with a lit candle for my husbands bday. Our waiters name was ""Apple Jackson""  He was great, awesome service. The food was scrumptious. My husband had the breakfast burrito and I had the breakfast pot pie. Wish we had larger stomachs to finish our plates. Even our specialty coffee drinks were the tops.  & the fun mid century modern aesthetic just added a brightness and warmth to the whole experience. Also, we went on a Monday around 9:30/10am and didn't have to wait for a table, we were seated right away. Thank you, Snooze, we will see you again real soon!"
"I found this place on a few sites saying how good it is here. I had to try it out, it is so cute inside and you can sit in or outside. We went on a Friday morning around 9am, we got really lucky as we beat the crowd and was able to get sat right away for a table for 4. Our server was wonderful and very friendly. Their menu is HUGE, and it makes it so hard to choose what to order as everything sounds amazing!!! I got their French toast with the strawberries and sauce inside, it was sooo good and filling. They also have A variety of different kinds of mimosas here as well. Also, the pictures of the hashbrowns may not look that good but I promise they are soooo good, definitely try them! This is such a perfect breakfast place to go to, even more so when your on vacation. I highly recommend!!"
"I stopped into Snooze after a day in downtown Houston. The parking situation is not great as the lot is quite tight. I would recommend getting there relatively early as they run out of parking spots pretty quick. We were greeted immediately upon entering and were seated quickly as well. 
I ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie while my friend got the Bravacado toast. The food came slightly slow, but the restaurant was getting busy so it was understandable. The hash browns which accompanied my pot pie were the favorite part of my meal, as they were very crispy and golden. The pot pie itself was good, and the puff pastry portion was very flaky. On the other hand, my friends Bravacado Toast had very hard bread. She did not enjoy the accompanying salad either. She said that the toast was good, but she may have enjoyed another item such as the French Toast more. I've tried the French Toast from here before, and it was delicious for those seeking a sweeter option. 
The convenience in payment stood out to me as there was no wait time on waiters to come back with cards. We just followed the prompts on the device which was brought to our table  to complete our payment, and we were able to leave with ease. Overall, I would come back to Snooze on a day where I was in the city and needed a satisfying breakfast or brunch."
"Disappointed again ! I dropped by Snooze this afternoon trying catch a quick sandwich. They were putting away chairs when I walked up, so I asked ""are you still open""; reply, ""I don't know what time is it?"". So I walked in, no one at the desk, just incredibly loud music and bunch a people running around. So again, I asked ""are you still open""; again reply, ""I don't know what time is it?"" So I looked a my watch and said 2:25, reply ""ok yes"". So I ordered a Rueben sandwich to go and asked for side salad instead of potatoes. Last order of the day, simple, but they could not get it right.  Managment needs to decide if they are OPEN then be open! This is the third time, twice while opening and now once with closing that staff was more concerned about something else than the customer.  Maybe if they turned down the music they could here the customer's order and each other.  Plenty of other places to go less frustrating 
."
"I really enjoyed Snooze.  The location is great because you can wander about the neighborhoods if there's a wait (which seems to be always).  Service wasn't spot on that day but I think that's an aberration.  Other tables were waited on much more attentively.  

Inside the restaurant theme is modern diner.  I actually thought the color schemes and shapes reminded me of a restaurant in Rocko's Modern Life.  

We ordered a few drinks and one sweet/one savory breakfast entree.  The drinks look like treasures on paper, but taste above average for a decent breakfast dig.  I'm particular about my hash browns and prefer breakfast potatoes, but these weren't stale or undercooked.  Crispy outside plus a hot inside works for me.  

The pancakes were creative, and we opted for a trio.  Each one played different sweet textures off each other.  I liked the pancakes, even though they're not difficult to execute.  We'll be back I'm sure!"
"Office in the same building, thought I would grab an early a quick breakfast.  Maybe ten tables working.  Sat at bar hoping for even quicker service.  Surly person behind counter seemed more interested in getting ready for service than service .  I would think that an establishment like this would open ""ready"" for business. After waiting 15 minutes, no coffee refill and seeing no one else around me eating I walked out.  Waste of 30 minutes.  Won't be back."
"The food here is beyond good.  Most of it sourced from local farms, this is the key the taste.
The first time I went I had the Banana Bread French Toast, with two eggs over medium and bacon.  About $20 without tip, worth every penny.  
The French Toast was like a Bananas Foster breakfast edition.
The eggs being cage free have a thick creamy orange yolk, like they are suppose to.

I dreamed of this plate, told everyone about.
I grew up with chickens so I know what true cage free eggs are, how wonderfully thick and  creamy the yolk can be when the chicken is raised correctly, these were very close. 

I was sad when on the second visit and waiting for an insanely log time, yet again this dish was no longer on the menu. 

So I got Breakfast Tacos, still really good,  but I cannot remember the pancake I got, that should tell you something.

The down side of this location: parking sucks, wait time is horrendous, waitstaff is overworked and does things to draw out your time there even though you are clearly starving."
"My Eggs Benedict was perfectly made.  The place was very busy at 7:30 am, but the service was great anyway.  Atmosphere is modern and friendly."
I am from out of town and Snooze is my favorite place to visit for brunch! I've always got the eggs benedict and it never lets me down! The hash browns are unique and very well seasoned. I wish they had one here in the Midwest! I would totally go ALL the time. I'll have to try new things on the menu next time i'm there.
"The was my first time going, they consistently have a line so my thought was it must be good... overall the food was good but my friend and I ordered several drinks from the bar and they were all lack luster. The waiters were really nice that's always a plus!"
"We frequent Snooze as this is our favorite brunch spot in Houston. The weight can be anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour, coffee is offered during the wait free of charge. Service is always exceptional, the RumMosa was pretty strong if that's what you're into, the Mimosa has a good balance to it though the orange juice does have pulp. I order the corned beef hash each time, it's fresh and full of potatoes. Eggs are eggs a but salt and pepper help. My wife ordered the spuds deluxe with ham and she ate all of it. All in all, it's a cute, trendy place with excellent food."
"There was a long wait when we arrived, but they took our number down so they could text us and let us wander the area for a bit while we waited.
We went to a cute book store across the way along with an awesome clothing store right next to them.
Once we got the text saying our table was ready we walked back and went straight back to a patio table to enjoy the outdoor weather.
The food was amazing and the drinks were divine!
Overall we had a great experience and nothing was less than exquisite!"
We tried this place while in town for a concert and it was well worth the wait! We will be back when we are in the area again. The pancake flight is a great way to try lots of their tasty options. The English mimosa was different and delicious!
Breakfast is so tasty definitely will go there again just have to go early in the morning or late in the morning to avoid the rush-hour cuz there's a long wait.
Snooze has great breakfast food.  One of the servers however makes the experience unpleasant.  She wears very short shorts that are inappropriate for a restaurant setting.  She is grossly out of shape and it creates an uncomfortable setting while eating breakfast.
"This place is awesome!!!! Delicious food options with reasonable prices. Very generous portions and a perfectly clean environment. Our server Karen couldn't have been more perfect. Fast, efficient, friendly and very knowledgeable. Talk about service with a smile!!!  She made our first experience at Snooze very enjoyable. I'd love to say we'd be back, but sadly we are out of towners. Hey Snooze, build one of these in either New Braunfels or Schertz, Texas!!!!  We would be regulars for sure!!!!!"
"One thousand stars if I could, just for that benny. The parking area is a bit small for the popularity (get here before 9:30 or it's a 45-60) but I parked across the street- 
This place is a retro-modern gem, from the glassware to the menu, everything oozes classic eatery. It's got options to boot, so many: benedicts galore, pancakes-a-plenty and much, much more. Treat yourself one morning to Snooze, you will thank me and all the other yelp reviewers who swear by it.

+++"
"Went to check this place out with my little brother and the experience was regrettable. It was packed so we waited about 40 minutes (which was expected). We were then seated in a small booth area where you are practically breathing down your neighbors neck. Service was ridiculously slow, even after it cleared out. We waited over 20 minutes for a latte and about 40 to be able to order food. 
Food- not good. My brother couldn't even eat his burrito it was so gross. My chicken sausage tasted like rubber. The corn beef hash was decent. Definitely not returning, I'll go to the Breakfast Klub for that wait."
The manager was rude. She refused to bring me another drink after my first drink. After ONE drink. I had been coming here for years without a problem but it appears the latest series of managers don't know their ass from a hole in the ground This is the last time I'll be coming here at this rate.
"Sooooo, we all decide to try Snooze for breakfast. We figure 8am might beat the crowds on a Sunday morning, wrong. Big time wrong, 1 hour wait for first available. We all decide to wait it out as it must be fantastic since there are always people waiting to get in when we drive by. While outside in the heat waiting I look around and notice people in their cars, smart, stay in the AC. As we all stand outside waiting I try to get my wife to pick up one of the many Hula hoops and give it a go, I got the ""not a Hula hoop morning"" look. So the text message comes to my phone that our table is ready, we head in and are seated in a booth. 

Our waitress comes by and is very nice in telling us all about what is good and what our options are in breaking up menu items. I order the pancake flight, pineapple, peanut butter cup and sweet potato. I also love Eggs Benedict so I add the Ham Benedict III with a side of apple chicken sausage, you can get a 1/2 order so I did. Wife gets the breakfast burrito and everyone else gets their thing. 

Food shows up pretty fast and again our server is awesome. Everything hits the table and it looks good, the apple chicken was a little odd as it looked like a big chicken nugget from McDonalds. We all dig in anticipating the best, well to be honest it was ok. I mean the pancakes were good, the pineapple one was the best. The Ham Benedict III was ok, not knock your socks off good but just ok. The apple chicken aka nugget was ok, not an oh wow that was pretty good. 

So we all finished up, finished up as in not clean plates but finished up as in we're done eating. We were in the middle of clearing everything and talking about the food when the fire alarm went off. I mean it went OFF!! Ear splitting would be an understatement. So the weird thing about this part of the story is no one moved, I mean all the employees and people eating just sat around. Looking at each other and I guess wondering what to do. Well we stood up and were out of there by the 4th ear splitting tone. Told our waitress to bring the check to the front and we would square up. Weird, I mean just weird there was no info or anyone taking charge, no manager saying it's ok or follow me out as we have to follow proper safety protocol.

We meet the waitress up front and pay the bill, again she was awesome in the service area. We all went outside to our cars and the alarm continued to go off, about 10 other customers came out as well, I guess the one hour wait made everyone not want to give up the table.

Sooooo, all in all the food was ok, I mean we drove off thinking it was just ok, tried to compare it to something but just couldn't. The service and the layout of the place was great, the fire thing was odd but again the food, well the food was just ok."
"I was really mislead by the reviews!! Underwhelmed doesn't even begin to cover it.

The first time I attempted to go here was a Saturday. They legitimately said there would be a 2 hour wait for 2 people to dine. Don't go here on a weekend...just don't bother!!

So, we attempted to try Snooze again today. We made the mistake of coming here before going to the hospital for an appointment. Do not come here unless you have nothing but time!! The service is very slow. The wait for a table was shorter on a weekday, about 20 minutes. We sat down, and no one even offered us water for at least 10 minutes. By the time we finally got our orders in and were waiting on food, it was time for us to go, and our food hadn't come. We asked the waitress to rush, and get us to-go boxes if necessary.

Despite the menu looking like it could have everything anyone could want; the food was just bad/lack luster/not worth ever having again. I ordered an omelette with 3 fixins, and pancakes...you'd think I'd have had a feast. Nope. The eggs were as undercooked as they'd be in Europe, but eggs here aren't safe eaten that way. I took one bite, and knew I couldn't eat the omelette. So, I tried a bite of the pancake, and it tasted of only one thing - pure, saturated, sugar. There was no flavor, just sugar. I literally did not eat my meal at all. I wouldn't touch it. And this is the first restaurant ever to CHARGE me for food I did not eat, and found disgusting. I literally had one nibble of each plate. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito. He loves breakfast burritos more than any food in the world. He too, did not like his food at all, but ate half of it.

I don't have much positive to say. There were two more senior servers, who weren't ours, but seemed jolly and like they do a good job. That's literally the only positive I can muster, and it wasn't even related to us. Despite being blocks from my home, I have no intention of trying this place again!!"
"Amazing breakfast.  The upside down pineapple pancake is sinful and a must try. The huevos Rancho was great. The customer service was great. It was a packed house on Sunday. Houstonians take there brunch very seriously.  Pack a little patience because there will be a wait, but my goodness it was worth it."
The service was great! Line was around the corner but we were called quickly. I had the shrimp and grits and was delicious. Great value for the prices. Will definitely be back. Love it!
"Typical american breakfast place. It is very nice and the service very good but there is HUGE problem. The waiting list. Dear lord, 1.5h waiting on a sunny hot saturday is a horrible time to wake up. The waiting is crazy and they should find a better way to organize their tables. Other than that, it is a good place."
Chocolate chip pancake.  My favorite.     And I like the free coffee on the aide if you are waiting for a table.  Nice on cold days outside.
"Absolutely love spending a beautiful morning on this back patio! 

The food here is phenomenal no matter what kind of breakfast you want. Healthy to unhealthy. 

I came here with a friend she had the Huevos rancheros. Amazing and a huge portion size!


I got the breakfast Burrito but am trying to be healthy so I substituted the Egg for vegetables and Avocado! The Soyrizzo and hashbrows are a perfect match when paired with the vegetables and the green chili sauce! This burrito is huge so bring your appetite or a Tupperware from home. Because you will have left"
As always the food here knocks it out of the park. Unfortunately this will be my last time visiting this establishment as it is out of control with the dogs and animals that are allowed in. I was absolutely shocked when I saw one of the restaurant patrons had their dog sitting up on the (humans)chair and licking the table to pick up scraps of food that had fallen off of one of the plates. I even took pictures I think I'm going to forward to the Phoenix Arizona department of public health and appropriate governing bodies because this is unacceptable. Hate to do that but I think there is no excuse for this kind of behavior. Can we really not leave the animals home while we go out to breakfast with the family? can dogs not go out for a walk at a later time such that we are at a point that they really need to be eating breakfast with us at the restaurant? It's a bit silly and management should be ashamed
The food was amazing! I had the loaded French toast and it was amazing. Not a fan of the mimosas though. We went for a Sunday brunch and waited an hour so keep that in mind when planning a trip.
"It was an early practice day for me. I was preparing for an upcoming tournament, and by 5:30 AM; I was famished and wanted some breakfast to top off the morning.

So, I went all the way back home and dragged my Beloved wife out of bed and took her to this establishment.

By then, it was 7AM; and I wasn't really expecting a long wait - or so I told my wife. After all it was Saturday morning. Well, I was wrong! The place was packed, and there was at least a 20 minute wait. 

There was a Dad and his teenage son playing ping pong, and the Dad asked if I wanted to play his son seems he had trouble beating him. Before I could even say yes, and run to the car to grab my custom made Table Tennis paddle; my wife gave me this look that basically said ""Stephen, do you really want to humiliate this teen in front of his dad?"" 

I was in a quandary, but just in time; the hostess tracked us down and let us know that our table was ready. Situation averted!

We were sat down in a small table, in between two very friendly older couples that just wanted to chat up a storm. My wife was half awake, but I am my normal self and engaged both of them in small talk - nothing serious. 

Our server was promptly took our orders, and throughout this experienced; proved to be extremely cheerful, competent and attentive. In spite of the competing demands of various tables that he had to wait upon, he didn't miss a beat.

And then came our meals. My wife had the Drunken Monkey French Toast. She joked that this dish reminded her of the times that I used to compete in Kung Fu competitions in the Southwest. And some of my form styles were the Drunken Monkey and the Monkey staff.

I thought it was cute that she tried to make a joke being only half awake, but she definitely woke up when she tasted her French Toast; because it was simply amazing! 

The toast was light, as well prepared. Sweet, but not too sweet. It tasted way better than it looked. This was a home run as far as her selection was concerned.

I had the Snooze Classic, which came with Bacon, Eggs, Toast, and Hash Browns. And for good measure, I add a side of Plain Pancake as well.

The Bacon stood out for me because it not only was of a thick cut, but it was well prepared and not overdone. And that Pancake was so nice and fluffy. I considered ordering on more, but restraint prevailed.

Between the bustling atmosphere, great service, and the friendly patrons; it truly made for a great opening to a wonderful Saturday!"
Cinnamon roll pancakes are fantastic. Got their at 9am on Saturday and the line was already out the door & 45 min wait.
"Great pancakes, benedict, potatoes. The pancakes themselves are just average, but the toppings make them really tasty, albeit over the top. The wait is consistently insanely long, though, and parking is a struggle. The food is definitely good enough to come back, but we probably won't because who waits 1 hr for pancakes?"
"Snooze offers a good brunch selection and great coffee. I should have started drinking the coffee while waiting in line as others did! However, I was too preoccupied playing a jumbo connect four game right outside the door. 

Unlike some of the other reviews, our waiter did not rush us at all, in fact we had to ask for our check earlier than we would have liked in order to get to a church service on time. 

As for food, the Bella Bella benny was delicious, but a tad light on the prosciutto. I loved the hot sauce selection just be careful as they have some ghost pepper sauces! If sugary goodness is more what you're after, my friend ordered a pancake flight that would satisfy any sweet tooth"
"After three tries, we finally made through the door without being told there is a 45 minute wait.  Came on a Friday morning and we're delighted to find parking and no wait.  Coffee was fresh and not bitter. Mae, our server, was prompt and offered great answers to all of our menu questions.  The pancakes were what we had hoped, fluffy and flavorful.  Breakfast tacos were flavorful, but was disappointed the tortillas had a prepackaged consistency. The spuds deluxe was my favorite item of the morning.  The hash browns were crispy but not dry.  I decided to have them with a runny egg and it was a delicious!!!  

Tip: If you do decide to come here, come on a weekday early and avoid wait."
Exceptional service from Kristy. Drinks were amazing food was amazing. I am definitely coming back when I visit again from Phoenix.
Great spot and worth the wait! The pancakes are a must and their breakfast burrito is amazing. Very friendly servers and excellent food for leftovers too.
"Good they have some Awesome menu items and the food is better then average.  The bad the wait is not worth the food...  is head around the corner to another breakfast option.  

Enjoy"
"Great breakfast and mimosas. The service was on point as well. 

Usually a wait, but that's expected. I'll return again fo sho."
"I LOVE THIS PLACE. However, I hate the +1 hr long wait.... its sooo worth it though. Their OMG! French Toast is the best french toast I've ever had. Im not kidding, lol. I've also had their eggs benedict and it was good as well! I got the Benny duo with Bella Bella and Goodman. Let me say, their hash browns are soooooooooo good. I have to order them everytime I come!!! This is a place I actually crave to go to, the wait is ridiculous but I will definitely come back for their amazing french toast."
Outstanding place to eat. The food was delicious and service was impeccable. From the moment you walk in the staff welcomes you as if you were a long lost relative.
"TL;DR: Really more of a 3.5. Decent regular brunch offerings, and some pretty good pancakes if you like a lot of sugar on them. Prepare for a wait if you come at peak hours. 

On Sunday, Snooze entertains a huge crowd at pretty much anytime between opening to the end of lunch. Why this is the case baffles me. The food is good, don't get me wrong, but it's also expensive, and makes me wish there was a good diner in Houston I could just get a regular breakfast at. 

I tried the Bravacado toast ($12.50) with poached eggs, as well as the sweet potato pancakes. I can attest that Snooze knows how to cook eggs properly, but I pretty much ordered the dish to eat avacado, and amount of actual avacado on the toast just made me sad. The salad was nice and paired well with the dish, the ""rustic bread"" (AKA, toast) was sourdough-ish, and the garlic oil was definitely a very tasty finishing touch. But the avacado component was a mere thin layer in addition to with a few small chunks on top of the bread, a bit like if someone had spread avacado on the toast the same way you do jelly. If the reason it's called Bravacado toast is because they're being brave with trying to get away with giving as little avacado as possible, then it is named quite aptly.

As for the sweet potato pancakes, the dish was given in a portion of 2 pretty large pancakes, completely doused in a buttery warm caramel sauce and glazed pecans. The pancakes were actually extremely delicious, and cooked to a consistency that was a little gooey and underdone in a way that paired well with the rest of the components. However, I couldn't really eat more than half a pancake without feeling my blood sugar shoot through the roof, but shared among 3 people, it definitely made for a great addition to the brunch. 

I also sampled the sausage, omelette, and hash browns from another member of my party. They were okay, but when it comes to simple brunch items like those, I'd be pretty disappointed if they were anything less than okay. The line at Snooze, I suppose, is because there's nowhere else to go for brunch aside from IHOP or Denny's. While this place is in fact better than both of those, I'd say it wasn't by a huge margin, or one large enough to justify a long wait or hefty price tag. 3 stars."
"This was also another Houston breakfast spot that I had heard a lot of about prior to moving here. The atmosphere is very welcoming and full of energy. Long lines, but that is to be expected. The menu had decent choices, and I really liked their pancake options. Overall, I had a good experience and the server I had was also great."
"The food is amazing. I cannot say the same for the wait time. Be prepared to wait 45min to an hour, no matter the time of day you go. Also, you cannot (only if you're lucky) call in to go orders because their phone is always down. I brought it to their attention and their response was ""yea that happens"", and that was that. Poor customer service if you ask me."
"If you can stand the weight, this place is a treat! Their pancakes are out of this world and will leave you stuffed all day. Great service and breakfast environment."
"I have to give this location the five stars they the deserve for the five star service we recived. I went there on a Sunday during what seems to always be their busy hour 12. I was with my wife, niece and nephew they quickly accommodated to our requests the waitress or someone else was always checking on us. The manager Maria checked on us multiple times to make sure we were getting the best experience possible even though she was extremely busy. It's good to see this kind of team work. Keep up the great work!"
"I'll have to wait till buzz dies down or either get there at 6:30 am. We arrived at 11 last Sunday, there was already a line....we put our name on the list and at 12:35 got a text that our table was ready while we were eating at El Real. 

Space is small, there's only about 12 tables...I'll go back cuz it looks delicious but choose my timing better..."
"Great Breakfast! If you don't mind a line in the morning - well, the food more then makes up for it. A very creative breakfast menu with serving the freshest of juice. Breakfast was tasty and light, leaving full and ready for the day!"
Best place to get grub early in the morning - especially when the only other options are greasy diners or coffee shops with disappointing food choices.
We waited almost an hour and a half to eat here and let me say it was definitely worth it! Chicken sausage is out of this world and I loved the cinnamon roll pancake.....yum!
"Great food and drinks. The reason I rated it a 4 is because how busy they are with the limited space. The wait time on a Friday at 11am was 45 mins. 

As far as the food, the OMG French Toast is amazing!!! It's good for a sweet tooth."
"Absolutely love this place, from the moment you walk in they're happy and get you excited for your day! I've been to the Camelback and the Kierland locations and love love love it! I'd wait for a table no problem cause I know everything is great, the coffee mugs are my favorite, I have to buy one, they are pricey at $18 but hand made and one day I'll do it. The eggs Benedict's are amazing (all of them). There was a breakfast burrito that was great(can't remember the name) Honestly it's awesome, the music that is played is wonderful. Go check it out, relax and enjoy your morning at Snooze!!"
"A retro but by no means dated decor and an interesting take on breakfast mainstays. The serving size is just right - not too heavy and not too light - and the atmosphere is more upbeat and hip than your grandpa's breakfast joint. I had the Lox-N-Latke which was served on a hash brown ""biscuit"" with a side of Calvin Harris played at a reasonable volume."
"Sadly, my experience this morning was awful, the service, the food. At first, management made it clear they saw me as the problem rather than the front or back of the house or the wording on the menu. I ordered the continental, which is billed as granola, yogurt, grapefruit half, and toast. I asked if I could substitute the yogurt for an alternative meat patty and could have soy milk on the granola. My friend ordered a meal with bacon and asked for fresh cooked rather than pre-cooked much earlier and served from the warming tray. I was told yes.The waitress seemed dubious about getting the kitchen to cook fresh bacon, but isn't that why one comes to a sit down restaurant and orders off the menu instead of a buffet line or going to fast food? The meal arrived with no granola at all. After asking about its status, I was delivered what was announced as a side of granola, no soy milk. It was in a 1-inch deep bowl of 2-inch diameter, a condiment bowl. That didn't mesh with what I thought I had ordered, so I checked a menu. Granola was the first item listed, which in my experience means  is the main item. The waitress came by and seemed surprised, too, at the small size. She said the yogurt was the main thing, so this was what came out. The menu should probably have read ""yogurt with a granola toppng."" The alternative patty was not a cooked patty of the consistency of faux sausage patty, but a dark orange and brown flat 4-inch wide 3/4-inch high mushy patty  with the consistency of mashed potatoes. It had a ketchup taste, not like alternative meat patties I had ordered elsewhere or made from the grocery store. I put this down to my lack of knowledge of Snooze's offerings and made a mental note to myself not to order that again. The toast was not browned, more untoasted than toasted and came without any butter available, just dry and partially toasted. Guess the kitchen was in a hurry on that. With granola being the first item, I interpreted it as a bowl, not a condiment sized topping. The grapefruit half was not sectioned or cut around  the outside circumference, just cut in half. Guess the kitchen was in a hurry again? Why would a full service breakfast not cut the grapefruit? I could see this if it came with a grapefruit spoon or pointy knife so I could get out the sections, but it did not. So, after eating the partial toast and being able to get out some of the grapefruit half, I felt disenchanted. $8.50 for 1 piece of incompletely toasted bread and a grapefruit half whose sections were not accessible. I thought about this while finishing my first cup of coffee. Meanwhile, my friend's bacon came out cold and greasy. He sent it back, again asking for hot, blotted, fresh cooked bacon. The cook came out and told him it would be 15 minutes to get the bacon, He agreed, explaining that was why he came to a full-service breakfast place rather than McDonald's and did get his request. He said it was good. By now, my coffee had been empty a long time. I got up in search of some, poured it myself, while surrounded by staff who never asked to get it for me or even wondered why a customer was pouring her own coffee. I sat down with it and my waitress, who was quite nice, never noticed I had had to get my own. By now, not one to make a scene or generally complain -- I usually chalk it up as a learning experience and avoid the restaurant or the menu items in the future -- I decided to ask to speak with the manager. I apologized to him that my experience was not going well and showed him what I had received while explaining the problem. He said the granola was a supposed to be a side. I asked him how I was to know that from the menu when it did not say granola was a side and was listed as the first item. He jumped in that I was not letting him finish talking. Clearly, he did not want to hear about the menu miscommunication, so I told him that since he did not want to listen to me, I would just pay and leave. As I got out my card to pay, I shared told him about the mushy patty and uncut grapefruit and having to get my own coffee refill. He refused to take my card, so we left it at that, him clearly seeing me as the problem rather than the menu wording, front of the house, and back of the house. My friend finished, and as we prepared to leave, unexpectedly, a bowl of dry granola appeared, no soy or other milk, and lovely, large sections of cut grapefruit. The bowl was what I had originally expected, albiet it was still a bowl of dry granola without any type of milk. The grapefruit slices were at least 4 times the size of those that were in my original grapefruit half. They were quite lovely. I shared that observation with my friend. At this point, the man at the next table leaned over and told me I had done nothing but complain, was ruining his breakfast (he had not received anythng yet), and these were minimun-wage workers so I should accept what I got. Seriously? Be careful of standing up for youself in our brave new world."
"I honestly don't see what the hype is about this place. The only good thing that was there was the hot chocolate. I'm a complete eggs benedict lover and this place was a dissappointment. I ordered the chilaquiles and bella!bella!Benny, which didn't impress me. The lines get really long but thank goodness I went right after work on Sunday right when the place opened."
"Came here for lunch. We arrived at 11:30ish and we were sat right away. First look- the ambience is pretty neat. Loved the decoration.

Now for the cons: 
Service was TERRIBLE. Took forever to get our drinks AND our food. We were hopeful that the food would be amazing and that all of the waiting and hunger would be worth it. WRONG. I have seen all of the reviews and was almost sure that this place's food would be Top Notch and was SO disappointed. Food came out cold and everything was so bland. We were so hungry we ate the food anyways and after.. waited over 20 minutes for our check and I had to go to work. Forgot to mention my family and I had the bubble guts from the food we were served after. Not a good way to go back to work! 

 Btw their ""chorizo"" was a hard patty that was shameful to look at as a Mexican American."
I am finding it hard to begin on this review!  If you have ever been to a restaurant and had any and all expectations blown out of the water that is what you will get at snooze!  Service: Great!  Food: Words can not describe the party that was going on in my mouth! Atmosphere: It was like seeing a great friend that you have not seen in a few years!  I found my food Nirvana!
"Pretty basic breakfast place, nothing special about it. If you come here on a Sunday morning get ready to wait atleast one hour to be seated, and when they say an hour, they really mean it"
"The food is pretty good (especially the bacon), but to be honest not so much better than the many other breakfast places in town that it's worth the epic waits (and parking hassles). It'll probably be my first and only time there because of that."
"First Review: I am finding it hard to begin on this review!  If you have ever been to a restaurant and had any and all expectations blown out of the water that is what you will get at snooze!  Service: Great!  Food: Words can not describe the party that was going on in my mouth! Atmosphere: It was like seeing a great friend that you have not seen in a few years! 

Second Review: If you Snooze, you can't lose!  I love this place!  Great feeling when you walk in!  You are greeted with a smile.  Having the pancake flight today.  Peach Cobbler, Blueberry, and Peanut Butter.  Also the Snooze Continental.  You seriously need to try this place!"
"Great food that is not run of the mill.  But watch out, calories lurking in the menu.  Pinapple upside down pancakes to die for.  Nice urban vibe.  Smooth coffee."
"My girlfriend and I went to Snooze on a Wednesday morning and did not have to wait for a table. The dining area is beautiful with a lot of natural light and I love that the have a bar area. Don't let the bar area fool you though, you can definitely bring the whole family for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Despite a somewhat empty dining area at the time, we did have a long wait for our food but it was well worth it! The food was absolutely delicious and the staff very friendly and accommodating! I can't wait to go back!"
Pancake flight!!! There is always a wait so get there early and be ready to wait! The food is well worth it though and the servers are awesome!! The cinnamon roll pancake is all a carte and not listed in pancake flight.....it's a must though! The boozy chi is an amazing drink and such a perfect breakfast beverage. Tried it hot but may have to try it cold. You can't go wrong with any of the eggs Benedict. Can't wait until the new location opens up!! The only thing that would make this place better is if we could magically be teleported to Colorado as soon as you walk in the door.
Food is good (not OMG amazing). There's a lot of mismanagement going on at the front. If they tell you one hour- this isn't one of those places that'll be on or less than the time quoted -It'll be more than. Skip the hype.
"I thought I'd get out of the norm and try something different. Holy shit!!!  Talk about flavor!!  It's like a wild out party in my mouth!  

My first attempt was the Benny Goodman and a sweet potato pancake. Every bite was better than the previous.  If I could, I'd just hang out and try each dish all day!

Big applause to the chef and owner(s) for putting together such a delicious tasting menu. 

Montrose location has a nice young, professional crowd.

New fan for life!"
OMG French Toast & Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes!!!! Order them! Get it get it get it get it get it
"The three stars is for the food. I had the pineapple upside down pancakes. While they were good they did need a bit of syrup since they seemed a bit dry. The reason for two star deduction is the person who was serving me. I sat at the counter and told the waitress I wanted to look at the menu. She proceeded to walk away and start making other drinks. 10 minutes later she finally came back over to ask what I wanted. I ordered a drink and my food. Instead of giving me a glass of water like she did everyone else she made my drink and went back to ignoring me. There was a guy sitting next to me who she flirted with the whole time and ignored everyone else. 
When my food came out I asked for a glass of water since my drink had been empty for a while. She decided instead to make other people's drinks and forgot about my water. I had to ask her two more times. She was apparently to busy flirting with the guy beside me and the other male servers to do her job. I would try this place again for the food but seriously train your staff better. They need to pay attention to all the customers not just ones they want to flirt with."
"The food at Snooze is great, don't get me wrong. But management is inconsistent & customer service can be terrible at times. My family & I drive about 45 minutes to Snooze a few times a week, but today they lost some customers. We have waited almost an hour for service before, so that is not the problem. Typically, we have waited outside, sitting at the tables on the side of the building without a problem because this place gets PACKED with people on the inside, and my father is handicapped. Sometimes nice waiters have come & offered us water while we wait in the scorching Houston summers. So, on this particular morning, the wait was 15-20 minutes, not a long time considering 2 days prior, we waited almost an hour. So, we sat in our usual ""waiting area,"" on the side of the building until not one, but TWO waiters came over & asked us to move. My mother & I explained that we have always sat there & waited, and the second waitress, a blonde named Julie, got the manager. We again explained to the manager that we have always sat in this area, and that two days earlier, we sat at a table right next to another manager for 45 minutes & no one said anything. At that, she said ""ok,"" and walked away. However, she came back and asked if we were really on the waiting list, to which I said ""yes,"" because I've been here several times before, so I know how it works. But she went back to check, and came back to our table again, at which the frustration was too much for myself & for my parents who were just trying to get breakfast, and we left. Today Snooze lost three loyal customers as we will not be returning due to terrible customer service. I couldn't help but notice that there were other people sitting & waiting for tables that they did not bother. So why us? My advice for Julie, her waiter friend, and the Saturday manager? Either get a sign that says where people can & cannot sit while waiting OUTSIDE, or don't drive your repeat customers away."
Waited for syrup I finally got and got treated rude by the girl that brought it for me!!! This place is not worth the wait!!!
"Ohh this place is fun! I love, love the decor. Takes me back to my childhood.
I meet a friend here on a chilly morning this week. Neither of us had ever been here before but, it was on our list to try. So glad we did.
The location is the old Soupor Salad which was there in Town and Country for many , many years. We were so sad when it closed. But, Snooze is all remodeled and cool and clean inside.
The food was wonderful! very unique on a lot of items. I got an Eggs Benedict that I had never tried any where else. It was a Vegetarian version. On a bed of Grits rather than an English Muffin ,eggs,cooked just right. As well as the wonderful Hollandaise
 sauce and some really great vegetables as well. The Hash Browns have been made in a form so they are nice and neat! Plus, the Coffee was wonderful. Not too strong and not weak either. The Ladies room was nice and clean with Dyson Hand dryers!
Lots of parking in the lot as well."
Currently eating the best pancake of my life here and our server Olivia has been amazing!!! The wait was totally worth it!
"We thought that 8am was early enough to beat the crowd but we were wrong. We were quoted a 20-30 minute wait and it ended up being 40 but it was very obvious why there was such a long wait. They gave you free coffee while you waited and had corn hole and other games such as jenga/connect four to play at outside tables while you waited. The parking situation was less than ideal but if you are feeling rebellious there is a Walgreens right across the street that has signs that say ""after 30 minutes you may be towed"", we were not towed. I got the dish with breakfast potatoes piled with cheese, two fillings of your choice (I chose pico de gallo and camelized onions), and two eggs. It was extremely delicious and filling (add a side of sour cream for a dollar). The server was a tiny bit slow (they were busy) but he got the order correct, answered all our questions, and split our checks without hesitation. Overall, I would highly recommend this place on a leisurely weekend morning when you are not in a hurry!"
This place is amazing. We tried several different meals and they were all incredible. The staff is fun and super friendly. I'm definitely going back!
"We were seated promptly, parking was tight.. I ordered the huevos rancheros and my gf ordered the chilaquiles plate. The coffee was a little stronger than I cared for and the half and half is the only type of options they have besides raw sugars, etc.. I got a little annoyed that I had to stare down the waitress to bring us a refill, our food took a long time to be prepared, it was busy. After our food was served the waitress did check on us, but I was expecting her to bring refills of coffee, which she didn't in fact she was MIA... There were several servers in the restaurant to accommodate the patrons and I noticed our waitress was no where to be found when I got up to use the ladies room. Needless to say we had to ask someone else to bring the check. So my grade is rather low because: waitress wasn't very attentive and I didn't get a good vibe from her, too bad. The food was okay but not like OMG this is so good. The temperature of my food wasn't hot nor cold just warm and it lacked flavor, seasoning something. I feel that it was a lot of hype built up for this place. And we also ordered the OMG french toast and the portion was small that didn't justify the price. Our bill was $40 I feel that's pricey but that's because their menu is unique but not fantastic and the service was lack luster."
"Okay so the Pancake Flight is amazing, BUT the parking and wait keep me from coming here often. I've tried a few other items here and while good I haven't been impressed with anything except the pancakes, so that's the only reason I'm giving 4 stars,bc they're that good!"
"This food is always fantastic. Been here 3 or 4 times and have yet to be disappointed in the slightest. The pancakes are my jam though, but there isn't anything on the menu that I wouldn't eat."
"Great place for brunch, the food is good but the service is terrible, our eggs weren't even cooked to order. We didn't understand how service could be so terrible if this was a Wednesday morning. We spoke to the manager and he offered to give us something free but we didn't want anything from them, just so they could improve there staff because the atmosphere is great and the food is also."
"The hyped snooze hits town, and people are going crazy for it. Evidence to prove this is the long wait you will experience when you try to check this place out. I came on a Saturday morning at 10 AM and had an 80 minute wait. I took advantage of their text when ready system by getting on the list, and running errands in the area. This made it bearable as the waiting area is small and most people end up waiting outside, or in the longg line at the bar.

Protip - come early on a weekday, or don't hit SNOOZE on the weekend and get there when they open!

The food was legitimately delicious. I had the Huevros rancheros. I didnt care for the ranchero sauce used, but the tomatillo green sauce they had in a bottle at the table was delicious. The portions were huge, I was full half way through.

The highlight of my meal was the O.M.G french toast, its got a light sprinkling of coconut and the pieces of toast are sandwiched by a smear of mascarpone.

My husband enjoyed the corned beef hash. He said 'this might be the best brunch I've had in Houston' which is a lot from a man of few words. 

I cant wait to go back and try the pancake flight!"
"We LOVE Snooze. Their food is as good as breakfast gets. Freshly made and multiple in-season options. Their coffee products are always delicious. The cinnamon roll pancake is like God's gift to me- it's one of my favorite breakfast items of all time. We always get their ""choose 2"" of the eggs benedict. The chilaquiles one is fab. When you go, be prepared to walk a few blocks or drive around looking for parking, and be prepared to wait. At least they have a texting service to notify you when your table is ready so you don't have to hang around too closely."
"Anything of Snooze is amazing.  Love the fact that they have free coffee while you wait.  

I had the Mediterranean Summer Salad and was not disappointed at all.  I was in fact surprised how good it tasted.    

Parking can be an issue. I parked across the street next to Jack in the Box. 

Chris is an awesome GM! Thank you for your services and kindly staffs! :)"
"Probably my favorite place in Houston for brunch! This has become a team request, and I'm often scheduling our morning meetings here because there is something on the menu for everyone. It's not super accommodating for large groups 6+ but worth the squeeze because the food is just that good! Parking is a bit of a challenge because of location and sometimes a wait but, again, worth it. They serve coffee while you hang out so grab a cup and stay, you'll be glad you did. Best Eggs Benedict in town and the Hash is legit."
I loved the quinoa bowl here. Great menu selections and coffee. Get here early though because the line does get a bit crazy.
"It is a fancier IHOP with a crazy wait. Food is good, but a local place such as Empire Cafe is definitely better."
The food is good but the wait is a killer. Have waited al least an hour to get a table and they don't really have a proper waiting area (you sort of just hang out in the parking lot). The parking is also not that great at this location. Overall good food and service but not worth more than a 30 min wait.
"Came in on a Tuesday and had no problems getting a table within 5-10 minutes before we went to the zoo. We sat in a giant booth and I honestly had to lean forward to eat but that Bravocado toast was worth it. Our waitress was super friendly and always made sure we had everything we needed. She didn't even complain when the baby we had with us made a huge watery mess. 

The bravocado toast was AMAZING. The rustic bread and red onion jam was such a great combination. It almost tasted Italian but had fried eggs on top which made it breakfasty. The bread was drizzled with oil but was still crispy. It came with a nice arugula salad with fresh Parmesan cheese on top and a glass of fresh orange juice. I wish i could have eaten every single bite but I was full after one egg/toast. 

Parking was kind of a hassle but we were lucky enough to find a spot up front and they had benches for sitting and waiting (including some outdoor eating areas). I can't wait to come back and taste the sweet potato hash or one of their infamous pastries."
"I ordered the lox on rye bread. The portion was very small, not worth the price! A small piece of lox on a small piece of rye bread. And the capers? Not a good idea!  It made it too salty. The lox is salty enough already. I will go back to try a different item but never to order the former again! I didn't like the music. Prefer mellow."
The food was great! The wait on a Sunday is unbearable. 2 hour wait and absolutely no where to stand. Have to even wait in line at the bar for 30 minutes to get a drink while waiting for a table. This place has so much potential but absolutely do not go for Sunday brunch!
"Amazing poached eggs.  Good, stiff drinks.  Friendly staff.  Pricey, so -1 star.

Parking next door (apartments) until 9AM for healthcare practitioner night shifters.  Just put your badge on the dash. 

Went on a weekday after work (around 0730-0800) with no wait."
"Went to Snooze about a month ago and it was delicious!!! 
I'm big on great breakfast places and I had heard nothing but great things about this place! I had the breakfast pot pie, and it was sensational! I will definitely be back!"
"We put our names down around 10:30 and got seated at around 12 pm. This place is definitely worth the wait. We ordered some of the signature coffees. As far as the main course, we ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie and some Breakfast tacos! Both were really good with some Yellowbird sauce that is made in Austin, Tx! The service was good as well, understanding that they do get pretty busy. Follow me @houstoneats on instagram."
Excellent food and excellent service!  Try the OMG! French Toast - It is O.M.G. for real!!  Victoria and Mae at the bar are delightful.  Victoria was holding it down while Mae brewed some incredible Lattes.  Great place!
"Been several times and it always the best breakfast!   Two of us shared the waffle of the day, which was a a chocolate chip waffle, with cream cheese and chocolate chips, along with our breakfast - amazing.  Staff and service was on top of everything - refilling coffee at ever turn and making sure we everything we needed.  Then they let us enjoy our food coma and conversation without  being pushy about paying the bill to get us out."
"I fell in love with this place at first visit upon my first bite of their pineapple pancakes. Utterly divine. I went to the one on Oak Lawn in Dallas twice, once off 7th St. in Fort Worth, and the Houston Galleria location multiple times, and to my dismay I found that there was no consistency. I ordered the same thing every time--pancakes. Either the pineapple or the peach. One time I got a cinnamon roll pancake as part of that 3-pancake deal. Sometimes the pancakes would be the full width of the plate. Other times they skimped on the batter and it was a fraction of the original size. This last time I went--to the Galleria location--I called them out on the inconsistency. 

The manager point blank and blatantly LIED TO MY FACE that the pancakes they served me were the right size. I knew good and gotdamn well they'd shrunk smaller than ever this time. I even pulled up PICS of pancakes I'd been served just last weekend that I'd posted on Instagram, and this dude had the audacity to lie AGAIN and say ""I don't know who made those, but they put too much batter."" He then said, ""This is the right size, so I will have a word with the chefs to make sure they're using this amount of batter going forward."" 

Furthermore, the amount of pineapples in the batter was ALSO SIGNIFICANTLY reduced. I pointed this out too and he lied AGAIN and said that's the usual amount. Pinocchio!!! I wouldn't have fallen in love with the damn thing if that was the case. I didn't even LIKE these ol' basic dry ass mini pancakes this time.

So he went to have another one made for me--and WHY did he bring me the PERFECT pancake--a duplicate of the one I had in the first place!? I said, ""THIS IS IT! THIS is how it was and exactly what I'm talking about!"" 

This assclown says, ""Oh, I had them put extra batter and pineapples in this one. If we made every pancake like this, we would lose a lot of money.""

OMG. FACE PALM. What a liar.

Guess what, lying mofo. You can keep shorting your other customers if you want, but I won't be one of them. I will NOT be returning to this location ever again in life. I've introduced a half dozen people to Snooze AM since I brought friends or family each time I've visited. I bet I'm not telling nor bringing anybody else."
"I have now been here twice.  Once by myself and once with one other person.  The time with guest involved a super long wait, but they estimated correctly and texted me when the table was ready. In other words, I could have left and come back without missing a thing.  

Once inside, I fell in love with the ambiance and the food.  The staff is super courteous and helpful.  And they are very attentive. 

As for the food, I was tempted both times to order some alcohol, but I passed and stuck with coffee.  Everything I have ordered in my visits has been solid and I like their support for local producers.  

Needless to say, I will be back."
"Parking: We got there super early and got a spot right outside the front door...I could see it being a little harder to park if you got there a little later. By 8am, the place was packed with a line out the door. They do have fresh coffee for you while you wait. 
Bathrooms: very clean!
Staff: they are so warm and friendly right when you walk in. This was our first time there, and we already know which waitress we're going to request reach time we come back. If you care...ask for Velma aka ""spoons""....she was the best & so sweet to our kids.
Food: The food was amazing. I got the pancake trio (peach cobbler, blueberry danish and the monte cristo). My husband got the Benny with the salmon and cream cheese. We devoured it. Also, bacon....you haven't had bacon until you've had their bacon. That's all I'll say about that! I also like the fact that they get most of their ingredients locally. I think the price is reasonable for the quality of food you get. Portions were perfect. 
Definitely adding this spot to our weekend breakfast rotation! :)"
Update: the management did contact me! Super impressed with how much they care about each customer.  I will go back and hopefully have a much better experience!
We came here for brunch this morning! We had a little bit of a wait for 2 of us at 9am on a Saturday morning.. I think it took like 20ish minutes. But our waitress was awesome and oh my god our food was sooooo good. I got the breakfast burrito with sausage and it's GIANT. It was way too much food and so delicious.
If you want a great breakfast place with a bar for bloody mary's or try the flight eggs benedict.. from sweet to savory the food is yummy. The atmosphere and design is a throwback to the sixties.  Definitely expect a wait if you are past 9AM ;-).. A must try... #JoeFoodTour @JoeFoodTour
This place and food is best in person. Great food and friendly staff. The pancakes were sooooo....a must try
"Extremely long waits and parking at this place takes away the charm of enjoying your brunch. Also, the food isn't that great compared to what I had in Colorado. The price is decent and I like that they have coffee while you wait. If you have a lotta time this place is good."
"I was a little skeptical of the 45 minute wait but it was well worth it. The pancake sampler was my favorite ask for the cinnamon pancake, its not always not on menu but they have it. I'm coming back to try all the Bloody Marys awesome menu"
"Can't live up to the one in Austin. Pass up on the corn beef hash. Too salty with a vinegary after taste. Grilled cheese with tomato soup was ok, nothing more. Service can be (much) improved on."
"I've been to this place several times and I'm never disappointed when I go. My favorite thing to order is the OMG french toast with a side of bacon. The French toast is always cooked to perfection and so is the bacon. I typically order the Snooze hot cocoa or their mocha to drink. Both taste amazing to me. The hot cocoa probably is my favorite with the whipped cream and cinnamon sprinkled on top and chocolate sauce drizzled on the inside of the cup. You can't go wrong with that! 

Service here is always wonderful! They are always so pleasant no matter what time of day you go."
"Took an Uber to his place and saw the line out the door...almost turned around because I'm flying solo today....however when I got to the hostess stand she informed me that the counter had opening seating!!!  Winning!!!  Started off with the MMmm MMm Mimosa....it was good!!!  The waitress was very helpful suggesting different entrees and even informing me of the pancake of the day!!! I ended up ordering the hash brown with 2 eggs and white toast with local jam!!!  Ohhhh, it was good!!  Couple of seconds after my food was brought out the waitress sent me the pancake of the day which was chocolate chip with this cream sauce!!!  Ohhh the cream sauce was almost as good as syrup!!!!  I still asked for some syrup....no Blackburn though!!!  All in all, definitely must come back again to do the pancakes"
"Although the parking and wait made me question whether this was worth waiting for and after my first sip of coffee, mimosa and first bite...the answer is yes. The service was phenomenal and the food was incredible. All was decently priced and I would gladly wait another hour and a half for Snooze."
"ONG!!! One of the best places to eat breakfast! Tried the Bella Duo and the Pancake of the Day - Strawberry Cheesecake. The pancake is so light and the just the right sweetness. My family came in on a weekday and good to know its not packed. I will definitely be coming back soon!

There's a limited parking space so you have to be patient."
Took an Uber to his place and saw the line out the door...almost turned around because I'm flying solo today....however when I got to the hostess stand she informed me that the counter had opening seating!!!  Winning!!!  Started off with the MMmm MMm Mimosa....it was good!!!
"Staff was extremely friendly and provided great service.  The atmosphere is very cozy and inviting.

Food and drink wise, I would definitely recommend!  There is a diverse drink list with a variety of brunch cocktails.  I had the Mmm mmm mimosa which was sweet and delicious.  

Snooze is extremely vegetarian-friendly as you can add tofu or soyrizo to almost anything.  I had the burrito which was giant and tasty.  The pancakes are also amazing and I wish we had gotten more.

I'd give this place 6 stars if I could.  Will definitely be returning soon!"
I don't even know where to begin. Maybe I will start with the fact that you WILL wait to get in here. I have never been crazy about breakfast but this place will change all that. The wait was 45 minutes and the wait staff is very kind and friendly.The coffee is strong and hot. We got mimosas and they do have a choice of which juice to put in it. We had a generic one and it was very good ordered an egg white omelet and it was very delicious. We also got the OMG French toast and my world have been changed for the better. Being how everything in Texas is bigger that is applied to the french toast. I took one bite and it was soft but not in a soggy way and it had such a rich creamy buttery flavor. It definitely brought tears to my eyes. If you visit and order anything this has to be it and for the future all French toast will need to live up to this Flavor.
"First time there today and overall it's a solid breakfast/brunch spot. The wait took about 45 min on a Sunday morning around 9:30 which isn't too bad. Once we were seated, the service was prompt and efficient. I ordered the corned beef hash which was absolutely delicious, but the portion is a bit on the skimpy side. My friends ordered the eggs Benedict with lox and cream cheese, that was a good sized portion and came with hash browns."
I wasn't a fan of pancakes until I took the first bite of chocolate molten pancakes from snooze. The rich decadent pancake puts any other pancake you have ever had to shame! This place had a great atmosphere and a bit of a wait but it is well worth it. It is my new fav brunch spot in the Houston area! I'm looking forward to trying all of their other delicious looking menu items!
"So, worked all night and it's the A.M on Tuesday. I want to try this new place. I drive all the way from Clear Lake to find this, hopefully, perfect breakfast. I've been to Denver, but never got to visit the ones up there. I definitely should have, but we can always fix that later.

Unfortunately, just as I'm trying to figure out how to get into the parking lot, I make a wrong turn and get into a wreck. My car is now gone (R.I.P. Mocha T.T), but I'm still at my destination; I say to myself, ""I might as well eat while I call my insurance company."" I sit outside where it's really hot but no one else is out so it's peaceful (couldn't deal with other people right then, you know?). I get served (ha) by the lovely Spoons, who keeps bantering with me to take my mind off the accident, and the heat but I didn't let that show. She gives me the full rundown of the menu and plenty of water and coffee while my indecisive self takes forever to order. Now, little did I know, my homegirl had a sweet pancake-y surprise for me. So, I'm enjoying a cinnamon roll pancake while this mental madness is going on.

Y'all, they don't play around when it comes to these pancakes. It is only one pancake, but it's a ""yuge"" one slathered in cinnamon butter, chocolate chips, and syrup. Yuge, guys.

I end up ordering the classic breakfast with sausage links, but they have the full meat spectrum if you're craving something else. I get gravy and onions on my hashbrowns and choose sourdough bread that comes with homemade jelly. This beautiful b**ch brings my hash out with cheese. WITH CHZ. I cried a little. It is now classified as smothered, covered, and country by official Waffle House standards. 

So, if you need....I mean NEED a breakfast that's better than Dennys and WH, higher quality than Dots, outside seating, and not as crowded as The Breakfast Klub (except on weekends cause you know stuff like that is packed every weekend) then this is the place to be.
 
Just don't, whatever you do, turn left on Lovett."
Love this place!  Breakfast done well and wonderful creative breakfast cocktails!  Gets your weekend day off to a great start....once you get through the line
"I would have to say that this restaurant is a hard pass.  I was okay with the 45-60 minute wait, which was completely in line with the actual wait of about 50 minutes.  The service and ticket times left much to desire.  Our food took about another 50 minutes from order to table.  During the wait our server came by once with drinks, once with water refills, and then once to ask how everything was going about 45 minutes after placing the order.  When we mentioned the ticket time her response was the order was placed and it's in line in the kitchen.  The host then came by and apologized for the delay.

Once we finally got the food three of the four entrees were cold so it turns out the delay was the kitchen didn't make one the four entrees.  For the two entrees with eggs, they were both cold and dried out on the top.  Simply asking a server about a 45 minute wait should not result in a response filled with attitude.  During our entire breakfast which turned into lunch the server came by five times.  The two additional times were to deliver the food and then the bill.  After asking about the long ticket time she ignored us for the rest of the meal.

That being said, the one entree that was still warm was good."
"I would avoid going on a Sunday- it was beyond packed. Or maybe wait until the hype dies down. It was an hour and a half wait when we got there at 10:15 and their estimated wait time was pretty accurate. 

The food was really good- got a pancake flight (sweet potato, blueberry Danish & chocolate chip)  and the breakfast pot pie. Neither dish was similar to anything I've had at other brunch places. 

Our waitress wasn't very attentive but then again they were extremely busy. Will go back again but at another time/day of the week!"
"This is a first come first serve kind of place, but it is worth the way.

SOOOOOOO amazing. 

The Snooze Spud Deluxe is AMAZING. I love there are options for Vegans 

I totally Recommend this place."
"Absolutely, hands down my favorite brunch place on the planet! If I lived in Houston I would probably be here every weekend. 

After my friend and I had had a wild night out the night before, I was ready for grease, eggs and maybe a little hair of the dog. My friend? Not so much. She wasn't doing so well, but we went anyway. 

Being an eggs benny gal, I didn't even bother to look at the rest of the menu. They have a nice selection of about 7-8 eggs bennys. An added bonus is that you can mix and match if you want or just order one. I like places with customized choices like that. I ordered the avocado smash(and it was, a smash I mean) and added bacon. It comes with hash browns served in a neat cylindrical shape that's just, well, neat! I also ordered the Boss hog bloody mary made with bacon infused whiskey. It was just the hair of the dog I needed topped with an elaborate coliflor, pickle, olive garnish with a huge piece of bacon bobbing out of it. I felt guilty for a moment as my friend headed to the bathroom holding her stomach, but still managed to wolf and slurp everything down. 

Luckily, the next day my friend was feeling like herself again and when she asked me where I wanted to go for brunch, I immediately said ""Snooze! I have to check out the rest of the menu!""  Off we went where I had an omelette and a cup of joe, like a proper person. 

I'll be back for sure. I hear they have 4 other locations in the US."
"Hands down my favorite brunch place! Although the wait might be long at times, it's always worth it. The staff is always amazing and so are the food and drinks. 

My favorite thing to get here is the Spuds Deluxe or The Benedict Duo because it's always possible to mix up your choices with every visit! The Spuds is probably the best bang for your buck if you want to stuff yourself with protein and carbs. To finish it off, the variety of pancakes as well as the OMG French toast will put you into a food coma until next week   

With new locations opening, hopefully I won't have to wait as long for a table next time I go!"
"I am a huge fan of this place, found it when I lived in Denver and now Houston has some to choose from. Luckily they stayed true to what worked in Colorado. Get there early or expect to park a mile away and still wait 45 mins for a seat. Go for pancakes and cocktails!!"
"I love this place. If you want to beat the rush and not wait for over an hour you need to get there at like 7:30 am. Overall it's worth it. Previously they had an ""I Love you Elote"" Benny that was amazing but apparently it was a seasonal item on the menu and it's gone now :( In lieu of that, the past few times I've returned I've tried their assortment of pancakes. All are good. My favorite is the pineapple upside down one. If you're indecisive you can do the flight but fyi if you ask the waiter, rather than doing 3 different pancakes you can switch a third one out for their OMG French toast (which does live up to its name) Their hot chocolate is a must too."
"The food here is great! The pancakes were good, but the French toast was mediocre. However, with that being said the spud deluxe was absolutely AMAZING!! Totally worth that wait for that. Great chorizo too."
"My partner and I had an early meeting. So, we decide to stop by at this place where near our office before heading there. We ordered breakfast quinoa! Oh my godddd!! So delicious! Especially, the pan cake of the day! Ya must try! Yum!"
"5/5 solely for the amazing food! 

Always a wait but totally worth it. Service was decent and food was absolutely delicious."
"I went on a Tuesday afternoon around 11:30 and was seated at a large booth with my boyfriend within 10 minutes. The parking lot is small but we were lucky enough to get the first stop by the front door so I am not sure about parking if it's packed. 
Once we got inside all the servers were really friendly, had smiles, and were personable. The menu is awesome (though I was disappointed that they didn't have any waffles) and really varied. The drink menu is one of the most interesting I've seen with sweet and savory drinks, mimosas (a beer-mosa!), micheladas, bloody marys, and spiked dessert drinks. 
I will definitely be back as everything I had was completely delicious, prices were great, and service was fantastic."
"Think there pancakes are their specially.  Had the kinds: pineapple, blueberry sweet potato.  All excellent with special touches.  They were on the not warm end, but we still enjoyed them. Also had eggs benedict (they have several) with avocado which came with hash browns , pretty bland, and huevo rancero eggs, small, ok.  Meh. Pricing doable. Lots of choices. Food took some time to come out. Saw lots of folks with alc drinks. (We were joking that they plan to have people have time for at least one drink before food arrives. 
Staff very nice. 
A bit loud (patrons and some music over not great speakers that was not adding anything positive), but probably not annoying to most people. 
Very little parking available.  Just plan to park on a side street. 
 On a Monday at 11am there was a wait of about 20min for a small table (fit 4 or less)"
"So i posted a review on snooze and received contact from their management. I was advised their prices are a bit higher because they responsibly source their ingredients and this was never an issue for me. The food was actually good but the service this day was not that great. The managing rep asked for my address to send me a gift card but that was weeks ago, i never received any more follow up or a gc, so I probably will not be going back or recommending this place. Good quality food with subpar service and a hassle to get in and out of the restaurant, no thanks. I didn't post a review to receive anything but wanted to share my experience, to be offered to give it another try and still nothing, welp... I'm done."
"Lost several customers before we even got in. 
Our group of 4 came to visit Snooze on Sunday at 1pm. We expected parking to be crowded, and it was. It was almost impossible to even find street parking. The parking lot is very small. There were many open parking places that people weren't allowed to use ""because those are bank parking"" is what a staff member told us. The bank is closed on Sunday, yet they don't allow anyone to use those open spots, even though they are in the Snooze lot! Cars were pulling in, there's no outlet, so cars were having to turn around in a very tight spot creating total gridlock. We drove around an extra 15 minutes attempting to find street parking and finally found a spot about 6 blocks over. 
    The front hostess wouldn't let us put our name on the wait list (which was over an hour long), because we wouldn't give a cell phone number. When we asked why we couldn't just leave a name, she got pretty rude and said a phone number was ""required."" Not everyone likes to give out their cell phone number. 
     So, thanks for nothing Snooze. You lost 4 customers right off the bat before we ever got a real opportunity to try you. We'll be telling all our friends about the bad experience. 
     We ended up going 5 minutes up the road to The Black Labrador. No crowd, no wait, and a wonderful and delicious lunch with a very pleasant staff."
The food was great! The wait time is a complete drag especially when you are hungry. We were also sat in a area beside a window that was beaming heat right on us. It's a little hard to enjoy your food when every crevice is sweating. I'll definitely request a seat with shade the next time and come not so hungry.
"The pancakes are very delicious. they brought a free one to us, but don't go in expecting to get that. we just got water spilled on us so. and they really liked us. Good food, cool atmosphere. atrocious line before. pricey. like a diner on steroids but the brunch is beautiful and flavorful so. noisy, but good music selection -a collaborative effort review"
"Great atmosphere,  menu and waitstaff.  I went to the soft opening.  Delicious meal. I will definitely return!"
"OMG, absolutely amazing brunch! I waited to go here until the hype toned down. And have now been twice and both times it was amazing. 
We went on a Saturday the first time. I was worried about the wait times. We got there at 8 and waited maybe 15-20 min and they had free coffee. The next time was a Sunday, got there around 730. There was no wait but also no free coffee. Maybe that's hit or miss. 

Both times we had the combo of 2 types of eggs Benedict and a combo of pancakes and the omg French toast. I think these are their most popular items. The pancakes are yummy and don't even need syrup. That French toast is where it's at though. It's stuffed with mascarpone cream. 
I'd say the best thing about this place is they cater to your needs when ordering. All the Benedict options essentially had pork or beef. They have soy chorizo and tofu and other options to sub! Most places charge for minor changes which I always think is so annoying. Not here! 
Also the lattes come with double shots of espresso! No need to pay extra for that caffeine fix. 
Just go, it's all yummy!"
I've been to Snooze in Austin and here in Houston. The food quality is always amazing and delicious. My favorite is the pancake flight with sweet potato and pineapple upside down pancakes with a side of bacon.
"No complaints, it's (obviously) breakfast only.  Service was a little slower then I would have preferred."
"Parking sucks.  I had to park near Walgreens.  Friendly staff but annoying to some because of the excessive talking.  Menu had too many dishes with too many ingredients and with stupid, weird titles for breakfast.  NO WAFFLES on the menu!  Service was relatively fast.  Ordered traditional plain pancakes (sweet potato pancakes???  Please!) and scrambled eggs.  Food took some time to cook and came out cold.  I saw a fly flying around the place.  The pancake (just one!!!) looked rather large and had white powder on it.  I didn't like the look of it.  Eggs didn't look like they were scrambled but almost omelet like looking with green veggie something sprinkles over it. The pancake tasted like green algae water which was gross.  The syrup (brought in a small cup which was a stingy act) tasted watered down and not so rich.  The butter on top of the pancake was rock hard, wouldn't melt and tasted bland.  The eggs were bland and lacked the necessary buttery taste for scrambled eggs.  The tap water made me feel bad.  I quickly ate and left.  THIS PLACE SUCKS.  The reasons why they want to add so many different ingredients to breakfast are TO HIDE THE BAD TASTE AND THEY CAN'T COOK BREAKFAST THE RIGHT WAY AND MAKE IT TASTE GOOD.  They use too many ingredients and some unnecessary from too many places which makes the food taste funny and weird.  If you want real traditional breakfast, then go to Le Peep.  My stomach hurts with major grumbling and gas pains after eating at this place.  I won't ever go back.  BTW, the restaurants in the Montrose area are nasty as hell compared to the ones near the Galleria and perhaps even The Heights so don't even bother getting anything in that area unless you want to feel bad."
"I've heard about the Austin location but was very excited to find out there was one in Houston! I arrived early to beat the crowds. Being greeted by the parking attendant and the hostess was such a delight. Definitely woke me up. There's plenty of seating but I can see how it could get packed quickly during a rush hour. The decor is a bit like an old school diner with a modern hipster twist. Very trendy. 

But this place is hands down 5 star for the food. The drunken monkey French toast was amazing. It is a warm, toasty bread served in two large pieces. Topped with pecans. To the eyes, it doesn't look very big but I couldn't finish it. It comes with a torched banana and it's as satisfying as a creme brûlée. No syrup needed for this one. 

We also had the breakfast pot pie. This was a warm, comfort food. The pastry was nice and flaky. It was delicious. Not something I would usually order but glad we got to try it."
"Excellent and worth the wait (and price tag - family of 5 was $90 after tip). My wife and I prefer their savory dishes like the Spuds Deluxe and the Breakfast Burrito, also their sausage links are delicious.  The kids loved the pancakes - specifically the Blueberry Danish ones, they have tasty lemon cream in the center.  Also, the apple juice was an unexpected delight.  The coffee was said to be really good - I thought it was just ok. I did have a macchiato too, it was pretty good. We'll be back again."
"One of, if not the best, brunch spots in Houston. The food looks and tastes great and the atmosphere is dope. The Ham Benedict is one of my faves. It does get pretty busy and depending on the day or time, you could be waiting an hour to get seated. But once in your seat, the wait time for your food is pretty decent and it is worth it. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone."
"So this was my first visit to snooze. I've been hearing a lot of buzz about snooze. So first impression of this place wasn't great. The parking lot had under 20 spaces so it forces u to park on the street or park at a near by business and risk being towed. Ive heard people parking at jack and the box, Walgreens, or Krogers. Towing signs are all over so just be careful if u want to risk it. Then once u come inside, you put your name on the list and they will text u once it's your turn.  Although while I was waiting, the hostess let a few people cut the line...... I mean everyone is there waiting so we all were like what the fuck....? 
The food was pretty good. I had the chili verde benny and the pancake sampler. The day that I came the had a special pancake that had strawberries and mascarpone.  It was my absolute fave. It knocked the OMG and the pineapple upside down out of the park. It was a daily special but I think they should make it a regular menu item. I also asked for Tabasco cause and they said that they didn't carry it anymore bc it doesn't meet their standards. 
So when you come here, make sure u put in your entire order right always bc the service is slow. If you like extra ketchup or jam, tell them that when you first order or else your food will be cold by the time they get back to u."
fun fun fun and good good good food...TERRIBLE parking issue. Feels like you've won the lottery if you get a restaurant parking space. Most customers feel the same.
"Kicking myself for not taking a picture of my food like a true yelper but what I had was darn good. I got the BRAVOcado toast breakfast which, from my recollection, involved avocado and some onion/tomato mixture on top of some tasty bread with eggs on top. It was very good. The atmosphere has a vintage-ish vibe to it and had some nice music playing. I take five stars on yelp very seriously and am only not giving Snooze a full 5 stars because nothing truly blew me away. The service was nice but nothing to remember it by. The food was good, but I don't think it was absolutely the best I've ever had. Overall, this is a good restaurant with good food."
"Came here with my best friends on New Years (this year). It was really memorable, and I loved all the food and the coffee! I also loved that they had a cute setup to celebrate the first day of the year! I can't wait to spend next year's first day here again with my best friends."
I feel like there is more hype about this place than necessary. The food is okay and the mimosas are weak
ThIs place is so good. The upside down pineapple pancakes arr fantastic. We want to go back but everyone loves it and the eait is looooong. The breakfast cocktails are also great
"This place is great! 
Service: on it! Sat at the bar and was instantly greeted. We carried on a great conversation with the staff behind the bar. Everyone was entertaining. 
Food: so damn good! We need one of these in California for sure. Had the Benedict, corn beef hash and some tacos. Really good!
Atmosphere: just overall generally clean and great! 
Drinks: green Tom Bloody Mary is so damnnnnn good! Ask for spicy if you like it hot! Delicious! 
Out of tequila, but that's Okay! Nothing a little Bloody Mary couldn't fix."
"My favorite brunch spot in Houston!
They offer creative and delicious menu options. Their pineapple pancakes are my favorite!
The waiting time can be long during the weekend, but the food is definitely worth it."
"Despite the fact that it was really noisy I love this place! I had the pancake flight platter which was amazing. I ordered the upside down pineapple pancake, OMG French toast, and the peanut butter cup pancake. My favorite was the OMG French toast and peanut butter pancake. I wasn't talking too impressed by the upside down pineapple pancake."
"Using some sloppy math, I figure I have eaten breakfast out probably over 1500 times. My breakfast at Snooze was easily in the top three or four I have ever had. That's no bull.

First, the setting: very nice, fresh décor and design.  The place was immaculately clean.  I was seated immediately ( I was there very early). 

I had a hard time selecting what I wanted...everything on the menu sounded great.  I settled on a scramble with mushrooms, tomatoes and avocado, with a side of bacon and rye toast (it's sad how few places offer rye as a bread choice). 

I didn't have to wait long. My plate was delivered in minutes. The eggs were perfect:  fresh, not over or under cooked.  Veggies were integrated perfectly into the eggs.  The bacon...I don't have the words to describe it...best flavored bacon I have ever had, cooked perfectly.  The salsa they provided (I could have red or green, I chose red) was delicious. And get this:  the toast was actually toasted... imagine that (too many restaurants do not get the toast brown enough). I very nice currant jelly came with the toast. 

Their coffee was delicious, and my cup was never empty.

They have a full bar, and a bloody mary I saw served was irresistible, so I went for it ...it too was excellent. Their olives rule. 

Service was super friendly and appropriately fast ( as in ""let me take care of you"" fast rather than ""hurry up so I can turn the table"" fast). 

I was quite surprised at the prices...very reasonable given the quality, service and atmosphere."
This is my second time going to Snooze. The GF OMG French toast truly is amazing! As delicious as this dish is it would be even better if they added an additional slice of GF bread. The portion is a bit small for the price. I enjoyed the French toast with a side of mouth watering bacon. Was I satisfied-Yes! Was I full-Not even close. Will I go back-probably not. They have a location in Austin I'd like to try but I fear the parking lot is cramped. Enjoy.
The food is so good!! We waited for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Keep in mind it was New Years Day so that might have something to do with it. ‍ Not from Houston I was visiting a friend. It took longer to wait to be seated than it did to sit order and eat. This isn't the first Snooze I've been to so I do understand the wait. The food was so worth it though! I had the chocolate chip pancakes and they were to die for! The chocolate literally is pouring out of the pancakes but not too overwhelming of chocolate. Try this place you won't regret it!
"We arrived in Houston hungry. We googled the top brunch places in Houston. The atmosphere was so fun and the music was great! Let's get into the menu. Shrimp and grits : delicious. Hands down best meal on the menu. The shrimp were large and the grits were full of flavor. French toast was next! Team yes! They drizzle this with a light icing and fluffy bread. Next avocado toast! Yum! I added salmon lox. This took it to another level. The bread was soft, the honey jam was delicious, the egg was cooked to perfection. Pancake was next: this was light and fluffy, not too sweet! The egg white omelette was great! But the toast with the raspberry jam was great! The least favorite was the potatoes. They definitely needed some seasoning."
"This place is a transplant from Denver, CO and is one of the best brunch, breakfast, lunch spots.  It's a great farm-to-table restaurant.  Food is excellent!  Sweet potato pancakes are the best!"
"Great vibe, modern 1950's diner look. The food is delicious, the service was excellent and super-friendly. Definitely will be returning, loved this spot!"
I've been here a few times now and  This place is completely overrated. The food is mediocre and they blast god awful pop music and high volume from 7am to close. We had to bark our order at the server loud enough so they could hear what we wanted. Why does this place get so crowded?  Definitely Won't be back to deal with the breakfast club scene again
Great food and drinks. The only issue is that the place is least crowded. If you go on Saturday be prepared for an hour+ wait.
"First time here today and it was amazing!  Service was on point and all staff was very nice and attentive. 
Had the pancake flight which was off the charts.  The waiter even sent a blueberry crumble pancake with cream cheese filling as ""gift"" to our table.  What a nice surprise.  I was in pancake heaven today.  Best. Monday. Ever."
"Incredibly slow. Waited 45 minutes for a table at 10:15. Then waited one hour for food. One. Whole. Hour. Did not refill water or offer to bring more coffee in that hour. Food was good, but really lousy service. Waiter was friendly, but a kitchen that takes an hour to prepare egg dishes is indicative of management that doesn't care about customers."
Definitely in love with this place now. Best breakfast I've had in a while! Staff is very nice. I also love the fact that they have pancake of the day. Certainly not the last time I will be going!
"Huuuuuge line and wait to get in, which obviously means it takes a while to get your food. However it was nearly worth the wait for their pancake flight. I had the peanut butter cup, caramel banana and sweet potato pancakes. Sweet potato was the best!"
"Their food here is SO GOOD. I just got a plain pancake - but it was big, really thick, fluffy and full of flavor. I also got the hash browns, which were also full of flavor, I didn't even need ketchup or hot sauce on them! I just had this yesterday, and I'm craving it all again. My only cons would be: the mugs they put out for free coffee while you wait have coffee stains in them and are not the cleanest mugs ever, not enough parking at all, long wait, it's kind of a small restaurant so there's no where to stand while you're waiting except for in the hot Houston sun and our table/chairs weren't cleaned when we got seated - I had to wipe liquid off of my chair before I sat down and there were crumbs all over the table. But honestly, the pros of how good the food was, how fast they were at bringing our food out and how sweet our waitress was overruled all that and I will definitely come back!"
It was good brunch... we all love the food and omg French toast was the best. Overall all food turn out really good except they charge for cold refills but not for coffee refill... overall good place to have good breakfast
"so delicious, and while I wont wait through the long lines on weekends there is no wait on weekdays and the food is just as yummy. Staff is so happy and sunny they make a rainy Tuesday at 7AM so much better"
"Decor is retro, service was awesome, food was ok! I had the pancake flight. My favorite was the Dutch blueberry one. I have a major sweet tooth but these were too sweet even for me. The hubs had the classic breakfast and he thought it was ok. I liked the hash browns but the hubs didn't. Would I wait a long time for this place? No! Would I go back if no wait time and in area? Probably. Why? Ambiance and service."
"I love the pancakes here, i've tried a lot of the flavors and they're all super yummy. The service is always friendly and I like that they have gluten free pancakes and other healthier breakfast options. There's ALWAYS a line! So I can't go as often as I want to :("
"Yum yum yum! Enjoyed a relaxing brunch there today. We arrived around 11 this morning and didn't really have to wait since we were able to snag some seats at the bar. Delicious coffee and lovely bloody. 

We ordered the pineapple pancakes, French toast (super yum) and the bella bella benny (the perfect savory). The French toast was hands down one of the best we've tried. Tasted like luscious coconut cream pie. The pineapple pancake was yummy but not in comparison to the French toast! Bacon was SO good and perfectly cooked. We'll be back!!!"
"Snooze is an awesome place to get breakfast or brunch. They have a many different types of pancakes that are all awesome. Friends got breakfast burrito and french toast, and those were great too.

Definitely have reservations though, because there is almost always a huge line out the door. We waited for about 20 mins and we were lucky."
"1 word: amazing.
went by myself and enjoyed everything from he environment to the people. I spent $23 even including my drink and I got a side of pecans. it was great like great; def going back because there's so many options for everything."
"Don't Snooze on the Snooze, lol Really good food! My brother and I went here after a meeting and we had brunch, whoa, buddy so good. I had the cinnful pancakes with bacon, mmmm. Melts in your mouth and not in your hand. The best pancakes that I have had in a very long time and the bacon was exactly the way I like my bacon, crispy, a little greasy, and crunchy. I ate really good when we went here and I will be back again. I would have givem them five stars but the wait was long."
"Not vegan friendly. I tried this place because I read they had vegan options but my order of The Snooze Classic with tofu instead of eggs was a failure. The tofu was straight out of the package, they only managed to crumble it and it had no seasoning or anything added. The soyrizo was good but that's nothing they have to prepare, and the pancakes are tasty but far from vegan. The staff was extremely slow to clear tables and the hour wait although expected for Sunday brunch, could have been significantly reduced if the staff was more motivated to pick up the pace."
"This was a great place to come to for a hearty brunch!! The drinks were great, and the food was just as good!! The wait staff had a positive vibe and showed good customer service. I will be back!!"
"LOVED this place!!!

I have gone multiple times and I am almost sad to love a place that is such a chain as this.  BUT IT IS AMAZING! 

Every drink, every meal, every dessert here is divine.  

You're silly if you don't come here. 

Plain silly."
"Alright, alright, alright.  The food of this place lives up to the hype.  The wait however, is ridiculous! However, on my particular visit, I got to bypass the line, because we ran into some friends that had placed their name on the list and had already waited over an hr.  So we were seated with them pretty quickly.  I gladly paid for their brunch as it saved us the wait.

On to the food! We got 2 pancake samplers, so we were able to try almost ALL of their offerings.  My favorite was the OMG french toast, the cheese just put it over the top, the Drunk Monkey french toast, was similar to banana nut bread, our pancake of the day was some kind of tropical twist? it was delicious! sweet potato was ok, the pineapple upside down was also spectacular.  

I also got to sample one of my friend's Breakfast pot pie, the pie portion is super flakey, good texture, the filling was a bit too much for me though.

We ordered the Benny Duo, one of the few places, I have seen them offer two selections, because I have been torn many times in the past.  Chilaquiles Benedict and the Chile Verde Benny.  In all honesty, I screwed up.  I didn't read past the first sentence, so didn't realize both of these were going to be served on tortillas instead of english muffins.  Now I have to come back to try their other bases.  However, their twist was excellent.  Just by doing the duo, I was going to get to try 2 different samplings, but in the end I had two similar experiences, even though both good, defeated my original goal.

Oh yeah, their hashbrowns are nice and crispy, just how I like it!

TL:DR, come early, bring friends, order samplers, share, repeat."
"Boyfriend and I came in on a Wednesday morning for breakfast, there was a 45 min wait which was acceptable because it was really busy. We tried to get bar seating but someone beat us to it and the barback came over said he would try to save a spot for us which was nice. We eventually got a seat and the bartender was busy with server tickets but as soon she was done she took care of us with water and OJ. Our food came out in a timely manner and it was delicious. We got the benny duo, omg French toast, bacon, and sausage links. The bartenders name on the ticket was SIR LOUIS we left very full and happy."
"From other Yelp reviews, I knew there would be a wait, so I was prepared. No problem waiting an hour and 15 minutes because I'm the meantime, had a great mimosa. Yes I know mimosas are easy, but the MMM MMM Mimosa had the perfect balance of OJ and champagne and touch of pomegranate was delish. Once seated, they promptly took my order, the cold brew iced was so good, a great roast. Ordered my food pretty quickly but within 30 minutes, still hasn't arrived. I didn't mind this because managers came over and acknowledged and apologized for the wait. For me, that's still good customer service and I wasn't in a rush. Then they brought all of my food except my chicken sausage which they told me was coming right away. Twenty minutes later, sausage never came. Sorry, pancakes without the sausage just not the same. The manager said she would bring it and take it off the bill, again very apologetic but 15 minutes later, no sausage. Other tables had the the same issue with waiting a long time for food to come. So I give it three stars because of those issues, would totally go 4.5 for food alone. I'll come back and give it another chance to see if they can work out the kinks."
"I went to Snooze for the first time in Denver and ever since have been hoping they would open one in Houston. A few months later, my wish came true!

The food is great and freshly sourced. I love that the menu is veggie friendly as well. I've tried a few dishes but actually love getting stuff of the A La Carte menu so that I can essentially create my own breakfast tacos. For vegetarians looking to get in their protein without relying on eggs, they have SOYRIZO, which is super tasty and packed with protein.

Another huge plus was the coffee. They use Boomtown Espresso which I love. The iced soy latte is perfect every time I order.

Servers were friendly but a little slow. That's probably because I went right when it opened.

Unfortunately, this place fills up fast. On a weekend, expect a long wait. I went at 7:45am on a weekday before work and didn't have to wait. 

Looking forward to going back!"
Finally went in to see why there is ALWAYS a line. Coffee was good. Comfortable seating and great service. But the food is truly the star. Pancakes were amazing and hash browns very crispy and delicious. Please hurry and open in the Heights
"All my life, I've heard about Snooze. I think it is one of the most popular places for brunch in Houston. We got the sweet potato hash and the Sandwich I Am. The breakfast sandwich was good; the pretzel bun was one of the best part about that sandwich. To be honest, we've had better breakfast sandwiches, but I did hold a higher expectation for the food due to the glowing reviews on Yelp and through word of mouth. 

When we went back for a friend's birthday, we weren't like ""Oh, this is something I have to order again."" I actually had a piece of a friend's pancake the second time around, and I thought it was pretty good. Light and fluffy, as all pancakes should be. However, with my sweet potato hash. the eggs were slightly cold, but well-seasoned. Cheese on sweet potatoes is an innovation that you would never have previously imagined; it was... interesting. Atmosphere was vibrant and buzzing. The wait is horrendous; the parking is atrocious. I suggest you get there early, or have a sacrificial friend wait ahead of time there. We had time to head to the Walgreens across the street to purchase snacks while waiting. 

Overall, the food is good overall, but not worth the hype nor the wait. 3.5/5 stars."
"Honestly, I'm so confused why everyone is obsessed with snooze. I've been wanting to try it for ages and finally got to go recently. We waited an insane amount of time for the people in front of us (part of 2) and once seated we were not approached at ALL by a waiter/waitress for about 20 minutes. I was beginning to wonder if I needed to seek someone out because perhaps we weren't assigned a waitress... for a weekday, it took about an hour and a half to be seated and have someone approach our table. The thing is, the line is always long not because it's crowded but because service is horribly slow. Decent food but I likely won't return for the terrible service when there are so many better places in Houston."
"God good service INSANELY delicious pancake of the day.....and just.....god the portions. I died. 
But this place gets crowded SUPER FAST I suggest you get there before the morning crowd...lol you snooze you lose....or wait like 1hr for breakfast"
"The waiters here are very nice and helpful, however, the food takes forever every time I come. This is regardless if it's a weekend or weekday. The food is pretty good, kinda typical for a trendy breakfast place. So if you're looking for a more modern style place, then this is good. It's kind of expensive compared to the portions you get, so if you're very hungry it's not the best place. Overall, it's alright, nothing super special, but it's still good."
"Horrible customer service. Couldn't even comp a $9 drink that I didn't even get half way through because i didn't like it. Not to mention that my pancakes came after i had finished my meal and after i had to remind my server, followed with him asking me if I ""still wanted it"". The manager then came over and was extremely cold and made matters worse in my opinion. You know your server's customer service isn't good when the manager doesn't even provide decent service."
I had breakfast here and the food is really good and the service is really great! Their nitro brews are super tasty as well! I sat inside and it's a really cute restaurant.
"Went for breakfast with my daughter last Saturday- never been to a Snooze before.  As everyone comments, parking is pretty dismal, but there's parking a plenty across Montrose on the side street so you don't have to walk far.
Really bizarre menu items- all sounding very appetizing. Told our waitress Jill (she was fabulous) it was our first time and before we knew it she plopped down some funky pineapple pancake thing- on the house-- for us to try. It was delish - off to a great start. Meal was the corned beef hash with toast egg and side of monstrously long breakfast sausage. Daughter went with the pancakes- think they had some sort of mascarpone cheese on them - very nice.
Was a great experience - different runners constantly bringing food out - well run - we really enjoyed ourselves. Thanks for the good time, Snooze!"
"What can I say,  their pancakes are to die for and their staff is really friendly. Not exaggerating when I say they have the best bacon in town! My go-to is the Snooze Classic, that's eggs with a choice of breakfast meat, served with hash browns and toast. More than half of the time I pay a little extra to substitute the toast for the pineapple upside down pancakes! Trust me, once you've had them you'll always be looking forward to them too haha. Even if you have to wait to be seated the wait time is definitely worth it! Although,  if you're by yourself or eating with a pal I do recommend sitting at the bar. Finding a spot in their parking lot can be tricky, but parking along side Lovett boulevard is just as easy and never more than a two minute walk."
"I finally decided to brave the wait to try this location! I went on a Friday at about 10:30 AM and I was fortunate because I got parking in the small lot, otherwise, street parking was quite filled. It was about a 30-40 minute wait for a table though and I believe I was told it would be 20 minutes. 

However, the food (and menu) was awesome as expected. I do think this place is slightly overhyped, but we don't have that many good brunch places in Houston so I think that for what it is, it deserves the hype. The food took a while to come out though (I think maybe 40 minutes or more), but I guess that's unsurprising. I probably won't come on the weekends given the crazy waits, but will definitely try a random weekday visit in the future!"
Came here this morning for a nice breakfast and was not let down. The food was amazing and came out very quick. The server was very kind and fast on bring out things. All in all I'd come back for breakfast.
"Good food over all first time having a lox spread with eggs Bennie and I tried their 3 pancake flight everything was very quality , 9/10 over all rating"
"Salmon Benedict was awesome!! First time trying that anywhere.
My friend tried the grits so I snuck a little bite and it was delicious also!!
Would definitely return 
Just beware of parking no spaces, so you might have to park far and walk."
"I LOVE their cinnamon roll pancake-you HAVE to try it. You have to ask for it because it's not on the menu. Also, the hash is my all time favorite breakfast from here. It's all I eat. 

The downside to Snooze? There is ALWAYS a wait so I rarely go here because I hate waiting. The last two times I've tried it's been over an hour wait and they don't take reservations or call ahead seating. No thank you."
"Place seems pretty cool and crowded. We got only one free spot next to the bar. Ordered frittata and customised omelette. It took 35 (!) min! The food arrived cold. Portions are small, so we ended up waisting our time and not even feeling full. Do not recommend."
"Snooze sure doesn't make me snooze (and the bad jokes continue). I'll happily wake up earlier to beat the rush at Snooze for brunch, especially for their sweet potato pancakes and corned beef hash. What I love most about Snooze is their no hassle half-order policy; customers can pretty much request half orders on anything without worrying about ridiculously higher price points or messed up orders. 

I love salty and sweet combinations, but I can rarely have the best of both worlds unless I dine out with a friend (and they're willing to share). Not so at Snooze! My favorite combination thus far is a half-order of corned beef hash and a half order of pancakes (one huge pancake). Oh did I mention Snooze's pancakes are the only ones I've ever liked? I'm usually a religious French toast follower, but the pancakes here are the perfect balance between fluffy and cakey. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the syrup, which I find really sweet and on the watery side, but I feel like the pancakes don't even need the syrup so it's not a big deal to me.

Service is always friendly and super laid back. Sometimes it takes a little bit of flagging during peak hours, but it's always greeted with a smile. 

I haven't had a bad dish at Snooze, and some of my favorites are:

Pancakes pancakes pancakes:
Snooze has a specialty pancake on rotation, and I've tried three different kinds so far and liked them all. Specials will be written at the front on a little blackboard, can be ordered within pancake flights, or can be ordered with a half order. Full orders are two huge pancakes, half order is one, and flights are three smaller-sized pancakes. So far my favorites have been chocolate chip, sweet potato, and a specialty one served with chocolate, almonds, and homemade creme anglaise. I've also enjoyed their plain, blueberry danish, and other specialty pancakes. The texture is really nice on these pancakes -- not too cakey, just be right amount of fluffy.

French toast:
There are two kinds of french toast: neat and OMG. I think they're rather similar, with the OMG coming with more mascarpone cheese stuffed in the middle while the neat version has a little dollop on top. I find the neat to be more balanced and less heavy, especially when topped with fresh fruit that have thus far been strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. 

Corned beef hash:
Seriously scrumptious corned beef hash with tender and flavorful corned beef, cohesive hash browns, and lovely flavoring. I substitute the toast out for more hash browns and mix it in. You can also ask for the hash browns to be extra crispy, although I like the original soft ones just fine.

Breakfast pie:
I was curious as to what this actually was, and it turned out to be a flaky puff pastry doused in gravy with eggs and hash browns. The puff pastry was stellar, especially speaking as an amateur baker who has fumbled many times at making puff pastry. It was light and airy, with a  perfect crunch on the edges and a buttery flakiness in the middle. The gravy didn't mask the texture of the pastry, and it complemented the overall dish well. I was surprised by how much I liked this dish, and I'd order it again on a cheat day.

Benedicts:
Snooze offers an interesting quinoa benedict with corn salsa. I thought the taste and textures were well thought out, but it took a little getting used to. The sharpness of the spice and creaminess of the egg and sauce complemented each other well. Regular eggs benedict was good as well, and eggs were poached perfectly each time.

Miscellaneous items:
I've had a mocha here a couple of times, and it wasn't bad, but I'd probably opt for the plain coffee.  Hot chocolate comes with cinnamon and a heaping mound of whipped cream. Chicken sausage can be request a la carte, and I appreciate the non-red meat option. Extra crispy hash browns are smooshed down into flattened discs instead of the regular cupped kind and fried until they're crunchy on the outside.

Writing this review makes me hungry for Snooze, and chances are I'll be back this week."
"Waited about 45 min for 1 seat but it was Mother's Day. Drinks aren't served till 10, so I didn't get a mimosa that day. I tried a few things from the menu. French toast was ok. Prices are ok. Because I got two items I took food home. It was highly reviewed by Yelp so I had to try it out."
Brunch here was delicious  I had the eggs Benedict with a side of bacon  & tomato  it was so delicious my hubby wasn't too hungry so we shared the plate it was big enough for us two! I also had a cappuccino it was okay. The wait was about 15min and it was around 1pm on a Friday. Would definitely come back!
"So great on the vegan option(s)! I would highly recommend this place although the wait might be 45 minutes at 11 a.m. on a saturday, it's totally worth it!!!"
"Lives up to other reviews - well worth the wait. I went the morning of the Astros championship parade and waited about 30min for a table for two. We weren't that hungry, so I wish we had ordered more food and sampled the pancakes! The food is excellent and is better than just a basic breakfast. I look forward to returning again."
"Food is really really good but service is consistently poor, not enough servers. Very long wait."
"The place is usually super packed. Hostess at the entrance won't even acknowledge you standing in front of them. I had to say ""hi"" first. One of them keep staring at my husband the whole entire time we were there. Very unprofessional and uncomfortable. Food is a 2. Our server was amazing."
"I'm really perplexed by the popularity of this restaurant as it always seems to be busy no matter when I try (key word try) to visit, parking is scarce and the small lot they have is cramped and not user friendly. I finally made it and was unimpressed. The server was friendly and fairly quick, he did a  good job being present without being obtrusive. They have an interesting menu at  an affordable price. I tried the Continental and my friends hash browns, overall good to middling but there were some weird and overly intense flavors that stuck out and seemed out of place. The experience was okay but not worth a second visit due to the abundance of impressive brunch options elsewhere."
"1 HR And 15 minutes later my family and I were enjoying the best pancakes , omelets and everything else...So worth the wait!!! 
Oh and the best apple juice for the kiddos you can tell it's the natural kind. Super kid friendly btw we had a 2 yr old and a 4 yr old both were super comfy and enjoyed their food!

Take a uber if you hate traffic and finding parking.

Nice super sweet waitress I feel bad I can't remember her name but if I see her next time I go ill have to get her name."
"Great 50's diner theme and amazing food! Immediately eggs benedict caught our eye and when we found out we could mix and match any two we were sold! We got the Bella, the Goodman, classic and a Chili Verde benedict. They were all amazing but Goodman was my favorite."
"I like snooze and will go every so often; but I honestly believe its WAAAYYY over rated. Its like a fancy IHOP and people are loosing their minds over it? You will have to wait usually 45mins to 2 hours (I was told this once and left); to be served ""upscale"" and eclectic diner food; by an even more eclectic, laissez faire staff. All of this after fighting for a parking space. When I go; Ill walk because parking is that much of a headache. 
I am so happy to have this addition to the neighborhood and I love that people LOVE it; but I believe we have some better brunch options. That being said: GIVE IT A TRY, the Eggs Benedict and pancakes are very good; and the buzz and crowd keep it very interesting and lively. 
Thank you Snooze"
"First visit, I waited an hour and half for food that took another hour to come out. The kitchen definitely can't handle when it gets busy. The food was decent. The Benedict was average but the pancake that was comped due to the wait was the best part of the meal. My second experience was without the wait but food still took 30-45 minutes to come out. The restaurant wasn't busy at 10:30 on a weekday. They are comparable to Le peep where you go more for a social outing than the food. The Bloody Mary's looked great though."
"This place is great for breakfast or brunch but beware super popular so super crowded on weekends. My bf and I like to try to come super early on the weekend or do yourself a favorite and come mid week. Everything in the menu is delicious and they cater to a variety so diets (vegetarian, no pork, etc). Super friendly staff and bright and friendly restaurant."
"Terrific food! I came on a Monday so I didn't have to experience the hour+ wait.. Just 15 minutes && it was completely worth it! Service was excellent. Though food took some time to come out, it was worth the wait. A must try!  

**update: upon return early Saturday morning experienced a 30 minute wait BUT NO worries- free coffee and fun games to play while you wait! Service was EXCELLENT and everyone is SO nice! Ordered pancake flight and combination Benedict :) pomegranate mimosa definitely didn't let me down!"
"The food is really good, but it's not worth the 1-1.5 hour wait. 
If you do choose to wait, head into the bar for a drink while you wait. 
Juan's tacos are to DIE for. And you really can't go wrong with any of the Benny's."
We went at 9am and even then there was a long wait. But definitely worth it! They had free coffee for you while you wait. The food was really good and they can pretty much customize anything you want. The pancakes with various fruits are AMAZING.
"Admittedly, if we had not gotten great feedback about this place, we would NOT have agreed to the  crazy long wait. We were told it would be 60-90 minute wait. But, we would be given a heads up via text when our table was ready -- with 7 minutes to check in after being notified. At least this way, we could go off and roam the neighborhood, have coffee, and visit with each other. That's exactly what we did. 

Shrimp and Grits with add-ons of Roasted Garlic and Caramelized Onions was absolutely delicious. Flavorful, colorful, and very very filling!

Yup, we would ABSOLUTELY go back, tolerate the wait, and have it again!"
"This place is like a busy train station, constantly moving, get here early and possibly prepare to wait but it's worth the wait. We were able to get seated quicker once two spots opened up at the bar. 

They have a really good breakfast/brunch menu. 

I opted for the flight stack so I could taste a few different pancakes. The pineapple upside down pancake was really my favorite. 

The puff pastry for my chicken pot pie was pretty good and so was the pot pie. 

My sisters meal was like a egg scramble but was overwhelming to eat, she couldn't finish it. 

Great breakfast spot to gather with friends"
"The hash browns though, you have to have it with your brunch. Been there twice & have not been disappointed once! 

*I like how they have a text message option to tell me when my table will be ready"
"I'm really disappointed that they took off the Benny Goodman (lox Benedict) from their menu. I guess they're trying to be more efficient and remove salmon from their menu. 

There wait times on the weekend to get a table and to get your food are not great, so expect to wait. 
There are no reservations btw. They just take your number when you get there and text you when your table is ready. 

Now to the food: 

Corned beef hash is delicious when you eat it with a slightly runny egg, otherwise it can be a little salty and overwhelming. There pancakes are thick and they the pineapple flavor is pretty sweet and good. Tip: You can switch out toast or hash browns for a full size pancake for just $4 more. 

Parking lot is small, but there's usually a lot of street parking available."
"DEE-licious! If you don't get the pancakes, don't bother. Good service. Great for grabbing coffee with a friend and great breakfast selection."
"Had a great time on my first experience yesterday are host Jerry took good care of me and my friend,i definitely will come back here might even make this my main spot."
"I actually tried Snooze for the first time in Denver (and it was amazing), so when it came to Houston, I had to check it out. Their pancakes are out of this world amazing, and they give HUGE portion sizes. I shared an order of pancakes with 3 other people, and we each got a good amount. I love that they have pancake flights, so you can try multiple pancakes for the people who can't make up their minds (or love food so much they want to try everything). Same for their eggs benedicts. They give you the option of ordering 2 different egg benny's. I had the Benny Goodman (if you love lox this is for you!) and the Chile Verde Benny. As for the pancakes, I had the pineapple upside down pancake with my friends and we devoured it. 

I also ordered their Bangkok Bloody Mary. Definitely an interesting twist on bloody mary's. Loved the sriracha and fish sauce flavor in it!

Only thing I would watch out for is that this place gets extremely packed. Either come really early, on a weekday, or be prepared to wait."
This place is AMAZING. I had the Snooze Spud and had to sample the Michelada. Both were outstanding.
"I heard a lot about this place and couldn't wait to try it. Parking was packed but we found a spot and quickly put our name on the wait list. Waited 20 minutes and was seated . The first mishap was trying to order a soft drink and being told their carbonation wasn't working - therefore no soft drinks available. We ordered two breakfast entrees and toast to start off with. The toast took 25 minutes to come out to our table. When my breakfast pot pie arrived the eggs were cooked wrong (I ordered scrambled and it came out fried). Overall service was lengthy, my order was wrong, the food wasn't outstanding. However - the manager did make it right and comped our entire meal so that took this from 2 stars to 3 stars."
"3.5 stars

The food itself is 4 stars, but the long long brunch/lunch waits (even on a weekday! sheesh) are what knock it down to a 3.5 for me in terms of the overall experience/overall restaurant rating.  I've been only once -- I love brunch food and crave it regularly, but in my opinion the wait time is no bueno so I haven't become a repeat customer unfortunately.

Parking is hard to find because the lot is very small.  Pretty much have to drive around to look for street parking.

I recommend coming early, before the main brunch crowd, to minimize your wait time and parking difficulties.  There are a couple of shops within a minimal walking distance where you can browse to pass the time during your wait."
"Hands down, best breakfast in Houston.  You better be there at opening on the weekends or plan to wait an hour+......"
The food is good + the wait is ridiculous 1:30 hrs plus!!! Average prices and the service was okay. I have been twice to know it's always like that and I haven't been back since. I doubt I would want to give it a third try.
"How I have not reviewed my favorite breakfast spot in Houston prior to this moment baffles me. I. Love. Snooze. Looooove it. Came here for my birthday and would come here weekly if I could. I love bringing people to Snooze when they are visiting for so many reasons. The coffee is so tasty and served in happy little yellow mugs that brighten up the tables. The service is always great-attentive and quick! We came on a Saturday, which is always tricky. Our wait was right at an hour, which is standard at Snooze during peak times. But it is worth it! We were seated at a booth and had a great waiter. We all got coffee and started previewing the menu. There are sooooooo many choices-all great. I went with the Snooze Classic-eggs, hash browns, toast and choice of meat. I subbed out meat for avocado. I was able to sample a dining companion's blueberry pancake, and you must always have at least one pancake at your table at Snooze. Sooooo good. My food was perfect. Hard scrambled eggs with just the right amount of seasoning, buttery sourdough toast, and hash browns. These hash browns. Get them. Get all of them. They are so crisp and warm and melt-y and just the best. Do it. Snooze is worth the wait-we snoozed, and we did not lose:) We won. You always win when you go to Snooze!"
"Always tasty at snooze!! My favorite is the Bella Belly and the Harvest Bunny Benedict's. Their pancakes are all good. Housemade jams are great. 
The staff is always friendly. Way easier to get a table during the week as they are always busy. I love it here"
"Amazing breakfast, everything was delicious loved the hash browns, corn beef hash was best I ever had. Will definitely go back to this place!!!"
"I went here the other day with one of my girlfriends for brunch. I wanted to try something different, so I ordered the Benny Goodman. It was saltier than I expected, but I still liked it. I will probably order something else next time. I also got a side of bacon that was really good, and had a few bites of my friend's order of the Pancake Flights. I actually liked hers a lot more than mine! The last thing I tried was one of their mimosas, which was really good and refreshing. I forgot which one I ordered, but I don't think you can really go wrong here."
"So after couple failed attempts, I finally made my stop here. The line wasn't that long but still took me around 30 min waiting. One thing I did not like the waiting was I kept seeing ppl came after me got seated first. I hate to ask why but it bothered me a little. 

After we got seated, it took us almost an hour to get our food. Our waitress came apologized and took out one order from our bill since it was taking too long.
We ordered breakfast pot pie, chiaroscuro Benedict, sweet potato pancakes and omg French toast. 

Overall the food tasted good just they were all kind of cold when we got them. 
I also tried two cocktails and my 2nd one was still warm when I drink it. 

Well. I guess it will be hard for me to make 2nd stop since it's always too busy here."
"I like to give 5 stars to places that are just wonderful to visit. Unfortunately Snooze is not one of them. Yes, the food is really good, even for to-go, but the wait is often too ridiculous to even consider coming here. I'll get to the positives first:

*Pancake flight was awesome - I loved the pineapple, blueberry, and chocolate molten equally. Was enough to share with my mom.
*Snooze Spuds Deluxe - basically stole all of the potato hash from my sister, scrumptious! 
*Sandwich I Am - I didn't try any, but my husband said it was also awesome.

Snooze needs to hire really badass hosts or hostesses. My sister had called in our order to-go before we headed out of the house. Was told that the food would be ready in 30 minutes so we even stopped at the H-E-B nearby to kill some time. When we got there, the hostess peeked into a couple of bags and said our order isn't quite ready yet. No problem. Another 20 go by, asked if she could check how long it would take (pretended to walk away but we could see that she checked with no one). We were there a total of 70 minutes waiting for our to-go food. When my sister asked to see a manager, he found that our food was in one of the 2 bags the hostess looked at upon walking in. So it was ready the entire time. She sucks, I'm sorry but you're a terrible worker. Luckily the manager fixed everything, but we could have ended up eating there in less time. Due to her incompetence, I missed being able to check in with a family member who just came out of surgery. By the way - I believe she saw everything that happened and didn't care to say anything. Other servers were way more helpful! 

Like other Yelpers suggest: be ready to come here bright & early to not have to wait too long (for both a table and parking)."
"Been to Snooze a couple of times now. Unless you come pretty early in the morning, you're almost guaranteed to wait at least 45 minutes. However, I would say it's definitely worth the wait at least once. Great brunch spot on Montrose. Lots of different options for food...egg plates, benedicts, pancakes, tacos, and lots more. My favorite dish has been the hash so far. Lots of food and great fillings. The pancakes have also been a favorite..ask about their daily pancake!"
I have been here multiple times. Hate the long line but love the food. I always get the Benedict. There are different kinds and all of them taste great. You can even mix and match which is wonderful. I even brought the family once for brunch and didn't have a single complaint.
"Although I live in Dallas I am in Houston like once a month. The first time I tried snooze was in April. My friends had told me such good things about it so I decided to give it a try. I am glad I did. I ordered the Chile Verde Benny, one with pork and one with barbacoa (I cant remember which one I like better so I just order one of each) and OMG! French toast! Both of these selections are to die for. I want to highlight the French toast because I am not a coconut fan but I this was delicious! I didn't even taste the coconut tbh the Benny were delicious too. I'm the type of person who once i find something good I order the same thing every time afraid to try something new. I have been back twice since then and ordered the same thing. If you have time on your hands and I mean a lot of time i would def try this place. The wait will be a couple hours but I mean who wouldn't wait for great food! Enjoy"
"I want to start off by saying I love the food. However the way they manage the wait is the worst out of any snooze I have been too. Every time I am there is at least 3-4 tables empty out side and up to 7 tables empty inside with an hour and half wait. When I asked why, they explained that they text the person their table is ready and give them six minutes to arrive. Then if they don't show they text the next person and give them six minutes. This cycle could go on forever but just two people don't show in a row that is 12 minutes of an empty table. Every time I go there the wait is around hour to an hour and half. To fix this is super simple text when someone is paying the bill and if you don't show since most people are waiting crowded inside and outside then if they don't show instantly text the next person. You would probably be able to see almost double amount people in the same time. I am hoping the managment in Colorado see this fixes this and then I switch to five stars cause everything else rocks. When I went to Austin it was 10 times more busy and no tables were ever empty."
"Don't snooze on Snooze! This breakfast joint is a top notch local chain with a variety of different options for all diets. I had a few questions about menu items and our Snoozer was more than happy to help find accommodations! Also I would highly recommend the house spicy Bloody Mary, the jalapeño vodka has quite a kick!"
Went her for the first time this week. I liked the variety in the menu and their take on classics. I had the Bennedict duo (Chile Verde Eggs Benedict and Bella Bella Benny). They were accommodating since I asked to have the eggs on slices of tomatoes since I was low carb. The waitress even asked if I wanted those slices raw or grilled. Décor is cute but the ambiance isn't anything special ... a true diner type atmosphere. .
"Breakfast was delicious, and service was great as well. Drove 30 mins for breakfast and it was well worth it!! The manager came to check on us , just as a courtesy and we had no complaints. We will definitely be returning."
"Very overrated, really expected more (service wise and food wise.) All was subpar. The wait is crazy for average food. Three stars because the pancakes redeemed them in my eyes."
"Great food, however the waiter was oblivious, I had to constantly ask him for more coffee and water. On the third time, I placed my hot coffee that he just refilled next to my Togo container and go to wash my hands, when I come back to the table the 22$ breakfast I ordered and could not completely eat was thrown in the trash, I guess you need to ask permission to wash your hands. But 22$ for one person is a little pricey anyways so probably won't be going back, because of the servers lack of caring about the customer"
10/10 awesome place to bring someone to for brunch. I'm a picky eater but I was surprised at the quality of the food changing my mind. Great mimosa selection and well made drinks
"I've been hearing about Snooze so much, this morning I decided to give it a try. Parking is very minimal, but that didn't bother me at all. The wait for a seat wasn't too bad, I decided to sit at the bar. Whomever the lady was behind the bar was so NICE! She held casual conversations with all the patrons, and was welcoming to everyone. I ordered the scrambled eggs with a side of bacon and hash brown. The eggs were ok, slightly cold, bacon and hash brown were pretty good. Ordered one pancake just give it a taste, wasn't really what I expected but I wanted to try it out. Nothing was really special about the regular mimosa, but the specialty mimosas were pretty good. I'd have to say the morning margarita was AWESOME! Most of all, I love the environment in Snooze. I'd def go back to give it another try."
"Food is great, service is good. Parking and the wait time is hideous"
"Great breakfast, atmosphere and Theresa, my server, was very attentive.  Kept my coffee cup full and spoke with me by my name. Enjoyed my eggs over easy, sausage wheat toast and orange marmalade. I like it simple but the menu is awesome... with a huge variety of breakfast items. 
This was my second visit during my trip to Houston. I'll keep Snooze on my list of outstanding breakfast stops. 
Logan"
"Brunch here with a side of surprise my daughter....what could be better. Nothing like seeing your daughters face when she thinks your in NYC.

Now to the review of this fantastic spot.

First: Be prepared to wait
Second: Be prepared to wait a long time 
Third:The reward for waiting will be great.

I am not a good waiter when it comes to restaurants. I love reservations. But durin this wait we had a comfy car to sit in and good company so the hour (seemed longer) was ok.

Super shout out to our phenomenal waitress Vilma who not only convinced me my choice of the sausage pot pie (with egg) would not disappoint, she was just absolutely charming and was totally able to be attentive in the midst of the restaurant chaos. 

The coffee here which was refilled promptly was really good. No artificial sweeteners available here so just suck it up and use the sugar or honey in your beverages.

Everyone at the table ordered something different and not a single complaint about anything. I mean how many times during a restaurant meal out does that happen? 

The only thing I can even say on the less than positive is that this place needs more staff and more cooks to get the turnover of customers a bit quick.

The sausage gravy pot pie with overeasy egg and hash browns was delicious. Thank you Vilma for being our awesomely awesome waitress. 

Bring a magazines or two and be prepared to wait. Its still good."
"The food is good. 
Ambiance is fun. 
Forget trying to go there on the weekends.

I would give it four stars if it wasn't for the wait."
"It's probably easier to park on the street than to attempt to park in the tiny parking lot in front of Snooze. This place is popular, so don't be surprised if there's a wait. They'll text you when a table is available or you can sit at the bar if a seat opens up. While you're waiting there are games to play out front. The staff is super friendly here.  I liked the decor, it's bright and colorful. Mae was a great server, she had good recommendations and was very attentive. The house coffee is a Guatemalan blend, but I went with the Boomtown coffee, a darker Houston roast. I decided on the Benny Duo, which lets you try two of the hollandaise dishes and is served with the house hash browns. I chose the Ham Benedict III (English muffin topped with shaved Tender belly ham, a perfectly poached cage free egg, covered in smoked cheddar hollandaise) and the Benny Goodman (Lox style salmon and cream cheese served over toasted rye topped with a poached cage free egg, cream cheese hollandaise and a sun dried tomato and caper relish).  They're happy to customize dishes however you like, for instance, Mae asked if I wanted to add avocado or something else. I'd definitely order the hollandaise dishes again they were delicious.  The house hash browns have a nice presentation, but next time I'll get the hash browns crispy and flat.  The Yellowbird sauce, made in Austin from Serrano peppers, was amazing with the hash browns and eggs. The OMG! French toast was good and will satisfy your sweet tooth; it's fresh brioche stuffed with mascarpone and topped with vanilla crème, salted caramel, fresh strawberries, and toasted coconut. I'll be back soon!"
"So the wife and I were doing a staycation for our anniversary and decided to go check out snooze. We get there and were told that it was an hour and a half wait. No problem, we'll wait because of the great things we've heard. We stood in a line at the bar waiting for our turn to try the mimosas behind a few couples. They all got there drinks by different waiters with no issue or being asked for ID's. So we go and get our drinks and go outside to wait. When we are done I go back inside to get us another mimosa and I'm told by who I found out later was the manager that she needed 2 id's as I'm standing there holding 2 empty glasses. After trying to get my wife's ID i found out she left it at the hotel. She would not budge and would not give her a drink after she had already had one!!!!! She did give me my next drink free but I was still fuming about the situation. I finally let it go realizing that some people are not worth wasting your time on. We just shared the mimosas I continued to buy. On to the food it was phenomenal!!!!!! I had a the pot pie with a side of bacon which was thick and cooked to perfection and my wife had the spuds plate and loved it as well!!!! We will definitely definitely be back again and again and I'll make sure we have our ID's!!!!
Loved this place!!!!"
"Worth the wait!

I love breakfast food and willing to wait for breakfast food. My gf and I decided to wake up early and grab breakfast here and typically the wait is well over an hour but thankfully the day we came it was freezing cold outside so we only waited about 20-30 min! We had a cute little orange booth, so much space for just the 2 of us. 

I had their bangkok bloody mary. WHAT A CUP OF FLAVORS. tomato, pepper, chili, fish sauce, basil...the list goes on. It was really a meal in itself. If you like bloodys then definitely get the bangkok. and you can ask to sample (sans alcohol) before you commit. 

My gf and I got the pancake flight and it was delightful. The flavors are always changing but my favorite was the upside down pineapple pancake. We also shared an open face breakfast pot pie. Not your traditional pot pie, but nonetheless TASTY. 

If you love breakfast and breakfast with a twist...come here. wait it out. enjoy it!"
"I don't think there are enough words to describe how much I LOVE this place! The Mimosas were BOMB! The atmosphere was laid-back and cool, and the food......O......M......G!!!!! Best Brunch spot in Houston!"
"This place was PACKED! It's basically in the heart of Montrose, so you guessed it.. NO PARKING! 
We were having a bridal brunch so it was 8 of us.. you can't make a res so it's first come first serve. We planned to arrive at 11, but some of the ladies arrived at 10:15 to wait for a table.
I am always late, so I didn't arrive until 11:30 and guess what, my entire party was still outside waiting on a table. We didn't get seated until 12pm. That's a little ridiculous. It's hotter than jalepenos outside and they have you waiting, no water, no misty fans, nothing.

The food definitely made up for the extreme wait. Massive burritos, hasbrowns, tacos, shrimp and grits all filled our tables -- not one complaint. 
Service was a little slow, but I get it.. it's brunch and we all get weeded.
Everyone else ordered flavored mimosas and enjoyed them, but lil ol' me just had to get tequila. I got the watermelon jalapeño rita and it was less than pleasant. I didn't even drink it, and don't waste alcohol. So needless to say, that was a waste. 

I do like the checkout system, the server brought out 2 electronic pads for us to pay and that was probably the most exciting part of the visit. YIKES!"
"As a breakfast food lover, I definitely enjoyed eating here. The food was good both in quality and quantity. My friend got a breakfast burrito and it was the biggest breakfast burrito I have ever seen in my life. The server was very helpful and gave us just the right amount of attention. I will definitely come back for more."
"My 3 year old and I came for an early treat after taking my husband to the airport. Unfortunately my toddler decided to have a complete meltdown in the restaurant which is always a little embarrassing but also very rare for him. Anyway the staff was so accommodating, I felt like I was being treated like royalty. They brought my kid toys and talked to him, brought us an extra pancake, and the bartender even asked him for a big hug when we left. While some places are intolerant of bratty children, the staff this morning couldn't have been more patient and hospitable. On top of all that the food was really delicious - I had the makin it grain bowl and my kid had the chocolate chip pancake. We will come again!"
"The food was great, but ye gods, the wait was bad. They wouldn't let us call ahead to put our name down and told us we had show up to get on the list. The wait was over an hour long, and due to the number of people waiting there wasn't space inside to pass the time. So we ended up outside in the heat and humidity for a good hour. Thankfully they have water and coffee available for free for those waiting. Alternatively, you can try to jostle and fight for a spot at the bar when a seat opens up, as it was open seating. 

If you don't mind the wait, or get lucky and come when there isn't one, then the food is very good. However I can't say the food is good enough to negate the wait, so it ends up with 3 stars from me. I would definitely come back again if I could get in, but I would not put up with sitting around for an hour or more just to eat here."
"Two parts. 

When we went the firm alarm was going off. Not because of a fire which meant no one left. It went off for 20 minutes or so. They operated like nothing was happening. And no one seemed to leave. We did wait in line for a while and it's ""all the rage"" lately so we stayed as well. When it was all over the manager come by to apologize with a coupon for pancakes. But he only seemed to do so when he saw the people who looked annoyed. 

Now, looking at the menu I was shocked. Because I thought since this place was buzzing I would be getting some quality stuff. It's just plain American breakfast foods: pancakes, hash, and a few different Benedict's.  Now I've had amazing meals from different places of each of those. This wasn't one of those places. Not will I ever wait in line again for them. It's not special. To be fair it's not bad either. If that's your thing. You can get most of those things, better, at several places around town. So I'm not buying the craze. 

Oh, coffee was below average. This coming from someone who likes more than powdered Folgers.  I'm more of a Blacksmith, Mercantile, Morning Star type of guy."
"A friend and I visited Snooze for the first time on January 12, 2018. We arrived a few minutes before they opened at 6:30AM.

They have a large selection of delicious breakfast items and great coffee. Our server was great - very polite and helpful.

I had the Flight, which is (3) pancakes of your choice. (Great news to those who are gluten intolerant, because they have numerous gluten free options.) I had (1) blueberry pancake, (1) pineapple pancake and (1) cinnamon pancake. I added (3) sausage links. I added the Pumkin flavoring to my coffee. Everything was very tasty.

My friend had the Snooze Classic (eggs, hash browns and toast). She flavored her coffee with Hazelnut.

Minor criticisms: The table we sat at was a little wobbly, and (in my opinion) the rock music was too fast paced for 6:30AM."
You need to get here right now. This place is the one stop shop for breakfast and lunch. I ordered the B.E.A.T. Sandwich and it changed my life. The flavor combinations where spot on and the different textures made this to be a perfect breakfast. Atmosphere was energetic and inviting. Do yourself a favor and get breakfast here next time you go out.
Good food but it took forever to arrive. I'm sure its a one time thing but I haven't been back since to confirm.
"We have now been here for two hours...90 mins waiting for a table, 30 mins on food wait. At this point, even if the food is fantastic, I don't care. Sigh."
"Had the most amazing brunch for my birthday. The food was great and service was ! Thank you Darius, our server, ask for him he is the awesome!"
"I would give zero stars if possible. The bloody Mary's are awful, not spicy at all!! And my poached plate was undercooked. Everything sounds delicious online or in text but really is, parking is awful, the wait is long, and the food completely underwhelming. Twice the cost what it should be save ur time and money get I hop!!"
"Everything about this place is on point. Their house coffee that they make is amazing. Peach cobbler pancake is the best pancake but don't sleep on the pancake of the day! All of the food is fresh and locally sourced. All in all, one of the best brunch spots in Houston."
"Yessss. In recent months, Houston coffee shops have monopolized my morning munchies and weekend pick-me-ups...though admittedly my food-related FOMO does kick in whenever somewhere new and trendy with a ridiculous line out the door pops up in town. So here I found myself last Saturday, at some ungodly weekend hour (7:30 am to be exact) in order to avoid the masses. Was it worth it? Why yes it was...

From what I can tell the crowds really start gathering around 8 am, though even at 7:30 the place was already fairly energetic for how early it was. Considering that there were multiple open tables there was a bit of a lag time between check-in and seating, though it was under 10 minutes so I can't really complain. Our very friendly server gave us a quick run-down of the menu, and we got to ordering. 

The Drunken Dirty Chai was my choice for morning kickstarter, and it was a good one at that! Snooze actually boasts multiple warm, creative coffee options. And in general, if options are what you want then that's what you get at this place. The food menu is rather large and varied...I went with Juan's breakfast tacos, and the waitress was nice enough to humor my annoying requests so I was able to have egg whites and to add soyrizo. I struggled a bit with the sweet vs. savory dilemma, so they also allowed me to add one mini pancake, flavor of my choosing! I decided on the sweet potato one, and the waitress actually offered me the gluten free option which she said is actually better than the regular batter. While I don't exactly buy into the gluten-free thing (unless you have celiac disease), I was sold when I heard that the gluten-free variety gets extra sweet potato mashed directly in. So after all that menu-massaging, I ended up with a pretty perfect breakfast. The tacos and soyrizo were delish, and the little pancake absolutely satisfied my sweet tooth. And the whole experience was quick, quick, quick! I suppose it had to be, with all of the hungry breakfast patrons lining up at the door.

So I used to live in San Diego, and honestly think that this Snooze is way better! The menu is amazing, and I will for sure be back soon to try more..."
"This place is busy! They said it was kinda slow but it was packed for a Monday. I can just imagine the weekends! 

So my first time here. When I came in they asked me how many people but it was just me & my lonely self. So they said I can get a table or booth but it would take about 15 mins. They also offered me a seat at the bar which I took cause there was seats available & you can choose where you want to sit. 

I sat down and they gave me a menu and they ask for your drink. I just got water. I ordered the 3 egg omelette & you can choose what you want inside. I chose sausage, bacon, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, red peppers (they don't have green), spinach, onions & avocado. It comes with hash browns & your choice of bread (toast). 

It was delicious! But I had no idea how much it would cost. It was about $20 ($19 & some change). It's about the same price I pay at ihop. Still trying to find a breakfast place where I don't have to pay for each ingredient. So far first watch is the winner but they don't have hash browns just potatoes. 

They also have a patio outside. They have alcohol."
"Awesome service, amazing Benedict's & the pretzel breakfast sandwich was to die for. Full coffee bar too! Not a single bad thing to say. Went opening day & hope nothing changes. Will definitely be back! Fell in love with this place in Denver & so glad to have one in Houston!"
The poached eggs are the best. The entire menu looked delicious and all the employees are super friendly. Defenitly would come back.
"Snooze has a great atmosphere--games and free coffee while you wait for your table. The menu is extensive, both food and drink. Unfortunately I was not able to try any of there boozey concoctions (it was Sunday before 10AM). Due to popularity, the kitchen seemed very backed up. The food was definitely worth the wait though. We had the Sweet Potato Hash and the OMG French Toast --both were excellent."
"Definitely not worth the wait. 

Everything in this place feels sterile and market research driven, from the faux retro decor to the menu to the food. None of the coffee items were very good, a far step behind many of our local establishments. The food itself was underwhelming, with the pancakes (cinnamon, peaches, and chocolate chip) all tasting rather bland. Everything looked like it was prepackaged and heated up for. I basically had a glorified Big Breakfast from McDonalds.

The best thing I can say about this place is that it is at least not overpriced. So hey, there's that."
"I was here for brunch. Waited over an hour to be seated. When we got to our table it was dirty. Table was sticky, crumbs all over the booth and also the floor. On top of that our waiter got mine and my husband wrong orders. Never coming back here again."
A delicious and convenient breakfast eatery right next to ASU's campus!
Very good ! Had the trio Benedict.  Gluten free version... loved the waitress ....I forget her name...
Just stopped in while visiting from Texas great food great service great atmosphere!  Do yourself a favor and have some breakfast.
"We come here anther between 3-10 times a year for the past few years. Great breakfast place! Get the eggs Benedict! All the options are delicious. Fresh, tasty, and good quality food!"
"You get the idea. Snooze is a super popular brunch spot that makes you wait. I tend to resist these kind of hyped up places because I feel like often there are similar or even better choices with less hype. And after my first few visits, I kind of felt that way about Snooze. That is until I went to The Morning After brunch festival and tried Snooze's OMG French toast. 

Y'all, I don't even like French toast, but my little sampling at The Morning After made me think again. So back to Snooze I went and had a full portion. OMG is the perfect name for it because that's exactly what you'll say when you take your first bite. Wake up early so you don't have to wait and get yourself some French toast and a side of bacon cooked soft."
This could be my go to brunch spot. Coffee or wander the area while you wait. Reliable variety of savory and sweet. Pancake flight is great for sharing. Consistent good food. Helpful service. Patio that's dog friendly. What more can you ask for?
"We were fortunate to get a reservation at the charity soft opening of the new Snooze brunch restaurant that just opened in Montrose. Great concept for breakfast anytime lovers! Food was amazing and service was exceptional. The best part was that everything you orders was FREE and they encouraged you to keep ordering because they were testing the kitchen.  Needless to say, we kept ordering! The pancakes were killer, particularly the pineapple upside down pancake and the peanut butter cup pancake. You can order a 'Flight' of pancakes, which is three pancakes of your own choosing. They have several Benedicts and a breakfast sandwich that is off the hook. Highly recommended!!!!"
Beindck is amazing pancakes amazing drinks amazing atmosphere amazing you get the point there is usually a wait so come early but worth the wait parking is a little bad but you can find a spot if you drive around
"Everything was so good! The sweet potato pancakes are to die for, definitely recommend."
"The wait was long, but it was worth it. I'd recommend going during the day. The food and good, drinks were good. Just the wait and the smalls space made it difficult to fully enjoy. Other than that, it was super worth it!"
"Delicious! I sat at the bar with the bartender Theresa... so nice! My family and I ordered the Benny duo (Bella Bella Benny and Benny Goodman), the OMG French Toast, and the BEAT sandwich.... everything was so good! Of everything the French toast and Benny Goodman were my favorite. Theresa also made the best peach Bellini I have ever had! I recommend making a reservation or sitting at bar because the wait was long even on a Wednesday morning!"
"Raj provided me excellent service and the food was delicious.  As soon as I bit into my food, I could tell they were using real fresh ingredients.  I recommend calling in advance and trying to make a reservation because I waited an hour for seating.  The fantastic food quality and service was worth it!"
"Everything I ordered was really delicious! The sweet potato pancakes were bomb. The best part-- they use real Vermont maple syrup! I appreciate when breakfast nooks use real maple syrup and not trash corn syrup. Meanwhile, the service was quick for a busy day. We had a nice and polite server! Going back soon!"
"The pineapple upside down pancakes are to die for! Service was great, overall a great experience."
This is a cute place for brunch but the wait time is long and little parking spots. However the service was great and the food was delicious. Great music taste but with all the crowded people it gets hot.
Great food and cool menu.  Eggs Benedict cooked perfectly.  Cute atmosphere.  Nice patio.
"This place was great. I give 4 stars because I asked for coconut on my pancakes and I got it anyway. Not that it's a strong flavor but after an hour and a half wait.. I expect perfection. The mimosas were strong and very good. I got a pancake flight and it was delicious. My friend got the benny duo and there were no complaints on her end. 

Our server was great! We got the first bite check in and she gave us all our condiments before the food arrived. 

So honestly, the 4 stars is just because the wait was really long. Definitely not a last minute idea adventure. Plan to wait."
Food was delicious especially the french toast! The only down side was the 20 min wait to get in and the 35 min wait after placing orders to get the food! Thats the only reason i took off one star but definitely a place to go if you have not
"I loved this breakfast place! I came in 1030am on a Wednesday and had to wait maybe 5-10min. for a table. Its a small but cute restaurant with great food, drinks and prices. Ive already recommended this place to a couple of people and I will definitely be back myself! I got the Chilaquiles Benedict for about $11 and it was amazing! I had a side order of one Pineapple Upside Down Cake pancake for $4.50. I had too much to eat but it was worth the variety of flavors! Everyone at the table loved their meals!"
"Snooze is AMAZING. I came here with a friend for Sunday brunch around 1PM, and despite the busyness of the restaurant I had such a fantastic meal. The wait time was around one hour,  but the bar is open seating. So if you're ruthless (AKA: me), you can quietly stalk someone at the bar and scoop up their seats when they leave. 

The restaurant was packed FULL, but it didn't stop the servers, bartenders, and hostesses from having smiles on their face and giving great service! They have plenty of seating here (large booths, tables, medium booths, the bar seats, and a patio)! If you can't find seating at the bar, you can order drinks while you wait for your table.

MAJOR kudos to Maggie & Ronnie from the bar. They made my experience an A+++! It was my first time here, so I had a ton of questions about the menu and they had so much knowledge! Plus they let my try samples of drinks, and they made sure to give me 110% amazing service. I would come back just to see them!!!!

I ordered the omelet with tomato, feta, and spinach with a side of their FANTASTIC bacon, and an english muffin, hash browns, and their OMG French Toast. Everything came out in a timely manner and was hot & delicious. The omelet was SO GOOD. You get so much food for the price. I loved their OMG French Toast - packed with flavor and the bread was just the right amount of 'toasty.'

They have amazing drinks at the bar (if you're into morning drinking, lol). I had their screwdriver spin-off (so good), their house blend coffee with Michael's (same thing as Bailey's, but cheaper), and an orange mimosa. They have a whole bunch of flavors for their mimosas (orange, mango, peach, strawberry, etc). And it's a pretty great serving for only $6. COUNT ME IN!

Place was clean, bright, airy, and a perfect morning/brunch spot. I love how they are earth friendly/efficient and support amazing local farms.

I can't wait to come back!!!"
"I have been to Snooze in Del Mar, CA and in Phoenix, AZ and they have been amazing so I had been tracking the opening of Houston's first location.  I wish they would have made a bigger deal of the Houston opening, like the Austin locations but oh well.   I got my favorite dish the OMG French toast and a latte. I think it was pretty average, which isn't typical of Snooze.  This location may need a little more practice.   I will try again this weekend but hoping they keep improving.  I would also say their coffee needs some work, not too tasty.  They have a story about their coffee but they may need to keep searching for a better blend.

But I will say the staff live up to the other locations.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  It was opening day but I appreciate friendly waitstaff since they are rare!"
"I been meaning to try Snooze since I missed my chance at the San Diego location . This restaurant lives up to its reputation, the wait is indicative of that. I got the pancake flight and the sweet potato pancakes with the candied pecans are favorite. The value for money is certainly there, great food with plenty to enjoy on each plate. Definitely a place to make a staple for breakfast or brunch."
"Looking for your stereotypical brunch place after a morning run, we stumbled up Snooze AM (thanks to Yelp). Bright, cheery, and clean, it's what you'd expect from an upscale brunch chain. 

Coffee was great and refills plentiful. Plenty of options, savory and sweet. The omelets were done well, and the hashbrowns were...unique. In a good way. Portions weren't grossly large, which I actually appreciate in a restaurant. Quality, not quantity.

Server was a bit of a space cadet and service was pretty slow, but it may have been a one-off, so I can't knock the place for that."
"I was really disappointed with my experience. It was mine and my family's first time going. I heard great things about this place, so i was excited to finally go. I took my mother in law out for her birthday. The waitress took forever to come greet the table, someone else had to come eventually take our drink order. Once we ordered my mother in law ordered a mimosa and about 15 min goes by our food arrives and still no drink. Half way done with our meal our waitress finally checks in and I told her to remove the mimosa because we were basically done with our meal. I'm a waitress myself and the experience we had was awful, I understand there are other things waitresses do while on shift but it wasn't busy or anything. So I'm not really sure what happened."
"Had a very good experience with my brother in law. We got the French toast neat and the OMG French toast. Being from France, I wasn't really expecting anything because anywhere that I had ordered a toasted brioche, it didn't taste like a brioche at all. But they got me wrong, this place has amazing toasted French brioche, it really reminds me the own that we have in France. So just a big thank you for your amazing work and I will be back soon."
"Place was busy, even at 10 am on a Wednesday in midtown Phoenix. The holidays are behind us, so I can't attribute the volume to that six week long phenomenon. I seated myself at the end of the bar.

I wasn't planning to drink, but I saw the list of bloody mary cocktails in a stand up display on the bar and decided to take a look. Bangkok bloody mary: fish sauce, srircha, lime, cilantro, house bloody mix and some brand of vodka I can't pronounce. Many of my favorite ingredients are in this drink - what's not to like? Well, the weird garnish of dried up, unfresh cauliflower, zucchini, lemon and the peel of something was gross, so I tossed it aside. The drink was not remarkable, the interesting flavors not evident, but it was tasty as any bloody should be.

I knew I wanted something with green chile, so the Chile Verde Eggs Benedict choice was easy. I substituted the second for a take off on lox and cream cheese at no extra cost, a nice option.

The green chili version was good but difficult to eat. The crust on the corn tortilla was too tough to cut so the whole arrangement came apart.

The menu indicates there's melted cheese, but I didn't see or taste any. The second benny was just not a good choice. The flavors did not mix well, there were only flakes of salmon and by the time I tried it, the egg was stone cold.

The eggs on both bennies cooled very quickly, which indicates to me they may have been prepared in advance. The appearance was nice, but pre-cooking eggs is a shortcut that should not be taken outside of a free breakfast buffet at a cut-rate hotel. The hash browns may as well be skipped as they were a disk-shaped flavorless mush as hash browns often are.

The check was presented before I asked for it, which is a personal peeve of mine. I handed over my debit card and requested a coffee be added. 
No coffee refills were offered and my water glass sat empty. There were open seats, so that was not the issue.

I want to really like this place, so I will go again. Everything was fine, but I want it to be great."
"I would give this place 10 stars! 

The food was to die for, we live in Boston and I have yet to go to a breakfast/brunch restuarant that will top Snooze's food.

I effin looooooovvveeddd it!"
One of the best breakfast places in houston! Only reason I give it 4/5 is that it's impossible to park and get in. If you can get there by 6:00am then you will probably get a seat.
"I had been wanting to try this place out and it definitely met all the expectations I had. 

Parking: They have a small lot but on a Saturday around noon your chances of parking there are very slim. There's street parking around the restaurant though. 

Food: Delicious!! I got The Snooze Classic. It comes with eggs, hash browns, your choice of meat, and toast, but you can trade the toast for a pancake for a couple of extra dollars. I traded mine for the chocolate chip pancake. It was the perfect amount of sweet. 

Staff: Friendly and very attentive. For a restaurant that is very busy, our waitress was very attentive. She took her time to list all her personal favorites and then talked about each section of the menu. It was greatly appreciated since our group were first timers."
"I really enjoyed the corn needed hash, scrambled eggs, and sourdough toast. Everything is organic and the menu shows where the food is sourced. The vibe is modern and the decor is chic. I really liked this breakfast restaurant and would definitely recommend if you're in the area."
"Snooze A.M pancakes ARE THE BEST THING EVER. So moist, not overly sweet and had interesting flavor. Honestly those pancakes bring me happiness man"
"Went to Snooze recently after hearing so much about it.  Got there at around 9 am on a Tuesday, and it was absolutely packed.  No parking in the tiny lot, and street parking very far down the road.

In the outdoor area, there are games to entertain those having to endure the long wait including cornhole, hula hoops, and board games.

Upon arriving, the hostess stated that the wait would be about 45-60 minutes, and she was spot on.  After our long wait, we were seated promptly in a booth near the back.

Our waitress was SO nice, very helpful, and gave us a couple of dishes on the house.  Service was excellent, and I have no complaints whatsoever.  Luckily, our server informed us that we could get half orders of some of the dishes, which allowed us to try so many more things on the menu.

I tried the following dishes:

Snooze Spuds Deluxe (additions: soyrizo, roasted garlic) (3.5/5): Hash browns covered in cheese with 2 additions - I chose soyrizo and roasted garlic.  Unfortunately, the soyrizo did not go well with the hash browns - the textures were weird together, and the soyrizo was a bit too salty with the potatoes.  Although it definitely wasn't a bad dish by any means, there are so many other amazing things on the menu that I would not order this again.

Drunken Monkey French Toast (4.5/5): French toast made from banana bread topped with walnuts, rum toffee sauce, banana, and mascarpone.  Incredibly rich but incredibly tasty.

Chilaquiles Benedict (no barbacoa, sub soyrizo) (4.5/5): Excellent, savory take on eggs benedict with a little chipotle kick.  It was great, and the soyrizo was a great addition to this dish.

Semolina Pancake (5/5): This was an on-the-house dish and were the absolute highlight of the meal.  The semolina pancake was PERFECT, amazingly cooked, rich, sweet, and fluffy.  It was topped with an amazing maple syrup.  This isn't on the standard menu, but it was seriously, seriously amazing.  My dining partners and I all loved this pancake and thought it was hands down the best part of the meal.  I would definitely ask the servers if this is able to be ordered.

Blueberry Danish Pancakes (4/5): Another on-the-house dish.  Definitely great pancakes, but unfortunately paled in comparison to the amazing semolina pancake above.

I absolutely loved my experience at Snooze and cannot wait to go again.  A definite must-try."
"Went here on a weekday for lunch, the place was slammed and we had to wait about 20 minutes. I do not mind waiting whatsoever but there were about four empty tables that were dirty and a group of staff just chit-chatting. For this reason, and that the waitress seemed flustered and rushed which in turn made her unfriendly and unwelcoming, I give three stars.  But, the food was nothing short of amazing! I am one for second chances and I cannot wait to go back and try more items on the menu!"
"After visiting this delicious breakfast spot in Austin, went and visited the new location off of Montrose. Pretty good! 

3 things:

Had blueberry pancakes that were fantastic, great portion size too

Breakfast mate had the B.E.A.T sandwich, he would rate it a 3.5 star... ""Needed a little something extra""

Bacon was salty deliciousness, recommended for any human"
"You snooze, you lose--literally! I've been waiting for the right opportunity to come here (that is, to wake up early enough to warrant a stop here without the dreaded wait time), and it finally came!

I've been dreaming of getting the pancake flight for quite some time, and so I indulged in the pineapple upside down pancake, the omg! French toast, and blueberry danish pancake. The French toast was my favorite while my hubby couldn't stop scarfing the blueberry danish. However, I wouldn't say these are the best pancakes I've ever had. The actual pancake itself wasn't enthralling (We all love a fresh, fluffy pancake--so you'll get closer to one at IHOP or Denny's), but the toppings/innards were interesting. We also shared a Bennie duo, with the chilaquiles Benedict and chile verde pulled pork Bennie. Wow! These things are incredible! I can say with confidence that they're some of the best eggs Benedict I've ever had. In fact, I dare say the chilaquiles is the top one on my list!

While our server was friendly and informative, the hostess didn't seem to deal with multitasking too well. She just had to greet and walk us 10 feet to a table. Instead, we got ignored for a few minutes before she acknowledged our presence, ignored us a little more with a to-go order she was preparing, and then dropped us off at our table. Our food also took quite a while to make its way out of the kitchen, and it wasn't packed--there wasn't even a wait. I can't imagine how they handle the crowds at peak times."
"This place is awesome.  Everything on the menu tastes great!  My only complaint is they are always packed.  We went on a Monday morning at 10:30 am thinking everyone would be at work, and there was a line out the door.  Definitely worth the wait though."
"First few times here were delicious, but always a ridiculous wait... we always thought it was worth it because the service was great and the food was amazing. Our most recent visit was not anywhere near past experiences and I'm kinda tired of the hour+ wait every time you want to eat here... service was slow, drinks were weak as hell, I don't know how you can pay 10$ for a drink that tastes like water with some habanero sauce sprinkled in. I'm over this place. I hope they can turn things back around... spoke to manager and she comped everything. Completely redeemed everything. Thanks for being managed well."
"Been here twice now and so far so good! I am a fan of the Benedict so a place like is awesome: there are many different benedict choices but also they let you pick 2 different to mix and match! So far I've tried the original benedict (classic but good with great hollandaise), the chile verde which I enjoyed and had good spice to it, and the salmon latke (potato was good but the pickled onions were a bit overwhelming). Pair it with a mimosa and voila!"
"Snooze is a perfect blend of a coffee cafe and breakfast  and brunch lounge. The vibe is absolutely positive, it's refreshing, the staff are all friendly, the service was great and the coffee was perfect! The unique breakfast foods with a twist of healthy ingredients like fruit and some guilty pleasures like chocolate, mascarpone, stuffed French toast, fruit topped pancakes and much more. I opted for a plain pancake and a basic 2 egg breakfast and the pancake was too thick and heavy. I would give it a five star, but pancakes are to be light and fluffy."
"I found my new favorite breakfast place The Frittata Egg White Fall was out of this world Lili had Bella Bella BeneThe service, food & the  ambience are definitely a 5. Clean bathroom too, you know me, that says a lot about a place. Our waitress, Alexis, is beautiful inside & out.  
Please open one in Sugar Land"
"The service is wonderful, food is delicious and I always leave feeling satisfied! Definitely recommend this as one of the top brunch/breakfast places in Houston if you're in the mood of not having to dress up super fancy and having a yummy meal. Recommend the assortment of French toast and pancakes!!!"
"The only reason I cannot give 5 stars is because the wait is always crazy! It's always at least 30 minutes the past 3 times I've gone or attempted to go. In turn, it causes the food to take slightly longer. HOWEVER, the service is great and the food is delicious. I love that they are environmentally-friendly as well."
"This is by far the best breakfast/brunch I've ever had in my 26 years of life. As soon as we stepped foot in the door, we were greeted with light. The atmosphere is fantastic, the food was out of this world. Fresh, delicious, every single item had its own flavor. The service was absolutely incredible. Raj was our waitress and she was very informative and even gave us a hot sauce to try out. So awesome! She left a list of recommendations on the back of our ticket to try next time. That was rad.  I can't say enough good things about Snooze. Good job guys. And to anyone who has wrote a bad review on a long wait? Live a little. Quality takes time."
"Breakfast was amazing! Everything we ordered was delicious, especially the pancake flight. Can't wait to come back again to try more items."
"I love this place. Food is great. Service is usually great..... It is popular so expect a wait. The only thing is they need better coffee, it is awful."
"Bad news: 1-2 hour waits at peak times, and a lack of parking. Good news: Absolutely delicious brunch food in a cool 60's atmosphere that are worth the wait.

We came the first time around 12:30 pm on a weekday, with no wait. I ordered the huevos rancheros, and my mom ordered the pancake flight with the banana pancake special of the day. I had some bites of each and WOW Snooze knows how to do pancakes. Best pancakes I've had in Houston.

After a 30 minute wait at 9:30 or so on a Friday, I ordered the breakfast pot pie which was fantastic. I highly recommend it sunny side up. I heard from my dining companions that the hollandaise and drunken monkey were excellent as well.

In terms of coffee, I would recommend one of the more creative combinations. I ordered the soy mocha, which was great (not too sweet), and also had some cortado (very smooth). The only real ""miss"" was the bland, free coffee handed out by the wait area! 

The people I see not enjoyed Snooze are those who like to take their brunches slow with a lot of service. Despite their best efforts, the waiters have so much going on to really keep checking on each table. (For the record, I did have a lot of service at my table both times, but the diners on either side of us never were asked about how their food was.) The atmosphere is also hectic with a lot of people."
Great customer service and great food !!! Definitely will come again I believe my waitress was ken or kel super helpful but I loved how everybody was also helpful as wel
"I write this review today humbled and in awe of such incredible breakfast food. 

I was first introduced to Snooze on a Wednesday morning at about 9am. Those of you who have been here know that this is not a great introduction, as there was a line out the door. I scoffed at the poor, silly fools who would wait for any period of time on a weekday, holiday or not, for eggs and bacon. That day I chose not to partake. 

A few weeks later I ran into a couple servers from Snooze at a coffee house down the street. I creepily approached them and asked something like, ""You guys work at Snooze, right?"" (Perfectly normal, perfectly acceptable. They were wearing Snooze t-shirts. It's their own fault). I tried to get the skinny on when I could show up to this place without having to wait in line and got the most vague, inconclusive response from them both. One of them said, ""You should be fine if you come on a Wednesday"". He also explained that the wait time should decrease when they start opening up new locations. I thanked them both for their insight and surrendered. 

A few days later, my husband surprised me with a trip to Snooze on a Saturday morning at 9am. Again, not ideal. We sat there for the entire 45 minute quoted wait time. Once we were seated, I made some arrogant comment about how there is no meal in the planet I'd ever willingly wait 45 minutes for, and that all these people were just trying to jump on some cool bandwagon to be able to tell their co-workers on Monday morning that they went to THIS brunch spot. 

As I studied the menu, I noted the ingredients in the OMG French Toast looked interesting enough to investigate further. We snagged an order of that, and some breakfast tacos for the table (because Texas). About 20 minutes later, I retracted every snide comment I'd made about waiting 45 minutes for a meal that, ""I could make myself"". There is no way I could ever hope to make french toast that good. Not on my best day, not in a million years. People. PEOPLE. This french toast will end wars. It will cure diseases. It will solve your problems. It's incredible. It was even incredible a day later, reheated in my own oven. 

It didn't end with the french toast, of course. The breakfast tacos have a note on the menu (an insider tip, as they call it) to add some veggies or meat. I chose meat (again, Texas). This wasn't just meat. Think burnt ends meets bacon meets maple syrup. That's what they put on my already-glorious breakfast tacos. I'm nearly crying as I type this, rethinking that experience. It was so beautiful. 

In summation, I proudly proclaim that I had no idea what I was talking about at the beginning of this meal, but now I have seen the light. Whether you have to wait 45 minutes or an hour or a year, this place is worth it. Scratch your upcoming weekend plans and jump on this wagon as soon as you possibly can. You will not regret it."
"Food is good but saw one of the blonde white waitress' at the bar drop a cap into the milk before steaming, stick her fingers in it got the cap out and then continue to steam the milk. Instead of just restarting the drink. That was very unsanitary and I feel bad for who's ever drink that was."
"We went the morning of their grand opening and had no problem finding a table. We ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie, Chilaquiles Benedict and a pancake flight where you can choose three pancakes of your choice. We had chocolate chip, blueberry and the special of the day which was peanut butter and jealousy. Great taste with big Texas-sized portions. Friendly and attentive waitstaff. This place is going to blow up!!!"
"Had the special and shared a flight of pancakes, delicious! !! Wish we had one of these in Vegas!!!"
"Their food, no matter which location, is on point! I've been to two of their restaurant locations here in AZ and one in Texas. The prices are reasonable & the staff are friendly! Of course my family & I will be returning to Snooze! Def worth my $!!"
"The Benedict eggs are delicious. I wish they had the seasonal Benedict that has quinoa and corn (if I'm not wrong) 
They have a great menu. I'm giving 4 stars only because they play very loud music. A good breakfast place should be quite or at least have pleasant background music."
"Great food, fun place. They only provide breakfast. Arrive before 8:30 am or prepare for a wait."
"Snooze you lose?? Not here!

I came here after landing from the airport on a red eye flight. I was famished and ready for some breakfast goodies.

In the mood to feast, I ordered the best two items on the menu: Chilaquelles Benny ($11.50) and short stack of sweet potato pancakes ($3.50). This was the first time I ate Chilaquelles Benedict. Heard of it? It's a stacked dish with tortillas, melted cheese and seasoned beef. The taste immediately woke up my taste buds! The circular hash browns were perfectly crispy and the poached egg was cooked with the yolk oozing out.

If you want to sample the sweet potato pancake ($3.50), order a short stack (one flapjack) because there is probably no way you can finish a full order. Dusted with powdered sugar, it was slightly over dressed by caramel syrup and could have survived with it's own flavor. 

I arrived at 10AM and it was still jumping. Be prepared to wait and drool over everyone's order. Our service was pleasant and prompt.

Afterwards, I was ready to snooze!"
"Yes, it was a 75 to 90 minute wait this past Saturday morning but I had been waiting weeks to find the time to dine here. It was a wonderful end to an early morning and I couldn't have been more happy with the outcome. My fiancee and I dined on the Egg White Fritta (off of the Like a Feather portion of the menu) and he had The Snooze Classic. It was incredibly well made and delicious didn't even come close to expressing the taste factor. The waitstaff was top notch, very knowledgeable about the menu and what was available. We had a wonderful experience and will definitely be coming back soon!"
I've come here multiple times and feel like the food takes forever to come out and when it does it's usually cold. Took like 15 minutes to get my drink today. The service here is just terrible. The location by City Centre is a lot better.
"To me, Snooze would make an interesting study in marketing. If people are waiting an hour for it, it must be good, right? On the other hand, sometimes it inflates expectations of what the food WILL be based on the demand alone. 

That being said, I'll just put the disclaimer that my meal cost me about $17 (no drink), and I had to wait from about 10am - 11:15am on Sunday morning to get it. I had free coffee while I waited and sat in the shade on an overturned plastic crate. Take from that what you will.

Snooze has an incredible brunch/breakfast menu. I have never seen so many creative offerings of Benedicts, pancakes, and breakfast entrees! Our group of 4 sampled many of the menu items, including:

Gluten-free pancake: Not bad for a GF item, but that's kind of like saying someone has a ""nice personality"".   We all know what that means. I won't speak negatively of it...the poor thing can't help that it's gluten free.

Pumpkin pancake: OHHHHH MY GOSH. Fluffy, spiced like a dream, and sprinkled with toasted pumpkin seeds! I didn't care much for the cream cheese in the middle, so I just nibbled around it. 

Chile Benny Verde: This Benedict twist had delicious pulled pork and Hollandaise and is practically a breakfast enchilada. It's better with one of their special hot sauces. I'd get it again, but the hashbrown cake falls flat. Good hashbrowns aren't pretty; they have a high surface area so they get all buttery on all the sides.

Rosemary sausage gravy with English muffins: This was a side order. I really wanted to try their sausage gravy. I think this would be better staying inside their breakfast pot pie, as it was more like a ""filling"" than a ""gravy"" to me.

Service was really friendly, but the speed was an issue, and the kitchen kept sending out random amounts and flavors of pancakes without quite getting it right. But they were always willing to fix the issue, so they don't lose any points.

I'm not sure it's the best brunch in Houston hands down, but it certainly is creative. Come prepared to wait! Next time I'm bringing lawn chairs."
"Been here for 35 mins. Ordered the chiliquiles Benedict. Only to have it come out cold. Only thing hot on the plate were the hashbrowns.  Shouldn't be that long to cook eggs. Might not have been cold had our server Aaron not been sitting down at the table behind us for 12 mins, nor would our drinks been empty! Not to mention, the crab clawing of glasses. I put my lips on the rim on the cup, I don't need your dirty fingers on there please! Won't be back! Much better in Denver!"
"If you come to Houston you have to have breakfast/brunch here at the location on Montrose. The food  was so good! 
And ask for Zi, the best waitress ever.  She treated us to Sweet Potato pancakes.  Thanks, Zi! We will be back"
"Wait. Wait.

I mean be prepared to wait. Went on a Sunday at 11:30 am and it was a 75-90 min wait for a table for 2. Yikes.

After an hour, we saw two seats open up at the bar and grabbed them. Yay. The bar staff was very friendly. 

Order 1 - breakfast pot pie and sweet potato pancake (sm)- flaky goodness

Order 2 - Ham Benedict and pancake of the day (sm) - perfect and delicious

So the reason I took off a star was the set up for the waiting area which is literally anywhere there is space to stand. It's very uncomfortable trying to eat with people standing all around you asking you about your food and loud chatter. Also the parking lot is ridiculously small and you are forced to park on the street or in other parking lots risking getting towed. And lastly, the way they word the wait is off. They base it on time. So when I asked her how many people were ahead of us, she stated we had been there 54 min and there was still a 20-40 min wait based on the 75-90 min they told us. That made no sense. It should be based on the line system and not meeting the time quota given to us. 

My advice is to go in put your name on the list then go find something to do for an hour or so and come back. In summer weather its too hot to sit outside and with everyone standing inside it sucks up all the cold air. 

I would def go back because the food was good but just weary of the wait."
"I was looking forward to this as I had read the reviews and looked like a great early Saturday breakfast place. I arrived at 07:20 and the parking is difficult to figure out. There are signs at nearly every spot (they are all numbered for some reason) and some signs are turned around but others say parking for some other business only. Having watched the wrecker game across Lovett at Starbucks you have to be careful. Found a spot surrounded by signs but with no sign and parked but checked when I went in. 
They were already over half full but I was seated immediately, waiter was there within 30 seconds and brought coffee quickly. I looked over the menu and there are a lot of choices. I went with two small ""Benedict's"" one with lox and the other with ham. I was surprised to wait over 35 minutes for the food, but it looked quite appealing. I cut into the first and took a bite... It was literally cold. I thought at first maybe it was the lox, but egg was truly cold and hollandaise was at best room temp. So, I tried the other and iced cold. The hash browns were hot, but that was the only thing on the plate that was close to correct temperature for food. 
The waiter walked by and asked me how it was, I told him and he asked if I wanted it redone. I said no because by now I had been there for almost an hour. I asked instead for dry white toast and jelly. 
Shortly thereafter a lady came over and apologized, asked if there was anything else I would like and I told her that I had ordered some dry toast and she apologized again and then said they would take care of my breakfast and I would not be charged. Nice to own a mistake and I appreciated it. 
The toast came and looked good but someone had buttered it for me. I ate one piece and waiter then brought a check for the coffee, toast, and eggs Benedict. I shook my head. I had been there an hour. No one ever even checked to see if I wanted more coffee, etc. 
So, while I am happy for all the people who think this place is the best, I think it is really geared toward those who want whipped cream covered pancakes with chocolate chips, etc. It is not for someone who wants breakfast. I pointed out to the waiter the manager had said there was no charge and he went to check to be sure. They did take care of the check. I left a $5 tip as it is not the waiter's fault if food is not right. 
Personally, I may try them once more, but not anytime soon. 
Good luck."
"Very cute establishment. Love the 50s retro space theme + hipster waitstaff. 

Went on a Sunday. Was fairly busy as we had to wait 40 mins for a table. We got a buzzer and went next door to the Nordstoms Rack to shop for a bit. 

The service that day as incredibly slow. One of those ""feel like we are the table outside the servers section since we see 4 other servers but where is ours"" sort of day. 

The food quality was fine by my pancakes came out cold. Was kind of a bummer.

Might come back if I was in the area or on a less busy day."
"Awesome brunch spot that offers delicious food and friendly service! There's definitely a reason why there's usually so many people waiting to dine here. Given their popularity, I would definitely recommend coming early if you want to avoid the long wait. What I love most about Snooze is that you can pretty much get a half order of any item on the menu. That way if you like having both savory and sweet for breakfast, you can really have both without over-ordering! 

During my visit, I got to try the Bella Bella Benny (eggs benedict with prosciutto and arugula) and the O.M.G. French Toast (comes with strawberries and toasted coconut shavings). Both dishes were so good and flavorful! Highly recommend trying both items, and highly recommend dining at Snooze in general!"
"I have been here several times.  The service is always slow.  This past Monday we waited an hour for our food.  There was only 2 of us.  2 other tables seated after us were finished with their meals before we got ours.  We finally were served after a complaint.   Yes, we appreciated a reduced bill but it wasn't asked for.  Whomever is the manager needs to be on top of things as far as ridiculously slow service.  We won't be back.  It was the first time for the person I brought.   I was absolutely embarrassed.  2 hours for breakfast is over the top."
Cappuccino is really good!!! I got the O.M.G French toast and it was omg soooo gooooood!!!!!
"My wife and U had breakfast at Snooze and it's quite the lively place. Good energy generated by all who work there. They have an excellent menu with a wide selection of choices including a full bar with all the drink choices. Our server was friendly and attentive. I had an order of buttermilk pancakes with a side of sausage links and my wife had an order of Danish pancakes and also a side of sausage links. The sausage tasted great and the pancakes also had a good taste to them but they were a bit on the dry side. They are extremely dense caused them to be on the dry side. They need to be ""fluffier "". They are very busy on Saturday mornings so if you're looking for a quick get in and get out this is not the place for you. Don't give them a negative rating because you felt it took long to get your food. If you need to eat quick bite to eat go to McDonald's not a good place like Snooze."
Had one blueberry pancake that took up the whole pancake and was delicious! I love that you can order just one pancake and they can make it gluten free. Keep in mind they sprinkle the pancake with powered sugar. Also had the hash browns which are not crispy but are quite tasty. My friend had the goldilocks porridge which is oatmeal with just about everything. Definitely recommend the place! Come early to avoid the wait or be prepared to sit at the bar.
"LOVE this place! You know it's good when people are wiling to stand in the rain and wait for a table. The place is bright and clean, very mod decor. Food is amazing, local ingredients, and they give you PLENTY to eat. Coffee was great. We ordered a Sweet Potato Pancake, Snooze Spuds Deluxe & Snooze Classic. All DELISH. Our server, Kristin, was top notch. Parking is limited because it's Montrose. Place could definitely benefit from an outdoor seating area that is covered and has a couple of fans going. Can't wait to go back.

By the way - this is not a coffee shop, this is a restaurant. Don't come here looking to camp out with your laptop and hog a table all day. The waitstaff work for tips which they can't collect if you suck up time and order nothing but a cup of coffee. Take it to the Starbucks next door."
"Ok, I feel ya. I get why this is a beloved institution in other places. This was during their soft opening benefit for Urban Harvest and, let me tell ya, it was packed even with reservations. But totally worth the wait. 

(As always - tiny parking lot but street parking is available.)

My table of coworkers split the carrot cake (pancake of the day) and sweet potato pancakes for an appetizers because if having pancakes before your meal is wrong, I don't want be right. I would highly suggest doing the same when you go. The sweet potato pancakes were REALLY REALLY sweet ... like a flat sweet potato cake. The carrot cake pancakes melted our cold, cold hearts. Oh they were divine. Best pancakes ever.* 
*not a certified pancake authority

I had the Lower East Sider (lox salmon, goat cheese spread, rustic bread, greens, tomato + caper relish). HELLO LOVAH. Next time, I would totes get the poached eggs (bonus: substitutions/personalizations are encouraged - HALLELUJAH!). Snooze knows how to cook perfect eggs perfectly, whether hard boiled, poached or scrambled - which is dang hard to find.

The staff was dancing along with us at our table. Best soft opening I've been to - they hired energetic, friendly peeps and trained them well. And I can't wait to get test the boozy side of the menu :)"
"I should be working but I just woke up from my food coma after eating at Snooze this morning,  like 8 hours ago and had to share with y'all how happy it made me. I've been to the Snooze in Denver and was thrilled to see one opened in Houston. The lines were outrageous there, we waited almost 2 hours to eat in Denver. NO LINE this morning @ 7:30AM on a Friday (probably because it was 7:30AM...). We got breakfast tacos that were on point, our waitress brought a tray (yes, a TRAY) of hot sauce selections out, and they were really good. Only minor comment about the whole experience is I'm going to need them to step up their tortilla game now that they're in Houston. We have entirely too many fresh tortillas in this city for someone to bring some mediocre fresh tortillas to the table (shout out El Tiempo, shout out Ninfa's - the original, obviously, shout out HEB, etc., etc., etc.,).

Stumptown coffee & espresso drinks were solid. BUT THE PANCAKE FLIGHT: 1 sweet potato, 1 pineapple upside down, 1 piece french toast. It doesn't even make sense how good they are. I could tell you they're incredible and very sweet but not too sweet and super indulgent but still lovely and you'd be like, ""not sure what you mean"" so I encourage you to try them yourself. 

I want to write like an entire review just about our waitress Kandra (""Like Sandra but with a K"").  She brought her entire, authentic self to work today and had an incredible, hilarious personality. She was working her tail off and cracking jokes. We ended up taking pictures with her and that's not like a thing that we do. She sang happy birthday to my friend, cracked jokes about us in that we-just-met-but-we-might-be-best-friends kind of way, and made great recommendations about tweaks to our order (e.g., ""I would add peppers"" or ""ya'll need to try this flavor of pancake.""). She was spot on with her recommendations. 

Breakfast was so good I bought one of their shirts to commemorate it. Very few things make me as happy in life as a really great meal. It's been a good day."
"Small parking lot, long wait but well worth the food. I enjoyed a mojito while waiting and it was a little on the sweet side. I enjoyed the fresh and fun menu items, which made it hard to choose what to eat.  I decided to go with the breakfast pot pie which was delicious. It had a twist to it where it was an upside down pot pie which I really enjoyed. The crust was flaky and the gravy was just right. However, the pot pie was a little warm almost room temperature and that was a little dissapointing. I also ordered the blueberry pancakes which I was unable to get to bc the pot pie filled me up. I will definitely be coming back to try more dishes."
"Awesome menu and delicious food. Funky, fun crowd. Service has been hit or miss, but always friendly. The wait and parking situation are absolutely ridiculous. In my opinion, no place is worth the aggravation they cause."
"OMG!!! This is is absolutely wonderful & delicious!!! Service was magnificent and the food was superb!! Due to my first visit there, my companion & I got a Cinnamon Pancake for free! It's no longer on the menu, but they'll make it if you ask. Which you better do!!!"
Awesome breakfast place! Go early to get parking and to avoid standing in a line that goes out da door  Go get some of that pancake into ya belly!
"Food is great, nice atmosphere, staff is nice. It was packed and had an hour wait but we sat outside and got served in about 10-15 minutes. They even gave us a free pancak not for the wait, but a misorder.,I'm full, try the sweet potato pancakes man they are good. Will definitely be back again. Justin is the bomb waiter ask for him."
4 stars only because we had to wait an hour for a table and the AC was broken. Everything else was PERFECT! The food was out of the world. I got the gravy pot pie! The lattes were great too.
"I was referred to this restaurant by a coworker of mines some years ago and when I finally tried it, it automatically goes up to top five breakfast watery spots in the Houston Texas area. Huge selection of food choices in the menu, great servers and a long line make sure if you come to this place you will have to wait a bit before getting seated. Worth the wait though"
They offer a large variety and specialty AM alcohol drinks. We enjoyed the breakfast pot pie. We also ordered the breakfast burrito and it was good but could of been warmed up more as it was already room temp when we got it. Other then that we'd definitely visit again!
"Great spot that we walked to from our house in the heights. Cool menu and everything we ordered was amazing. Had a pancake trio, avocado toast and mimosas. Could have eaten here every morning!"
"I went a while back on a weekday morning. I arrived around 7am and by the time I left the line and parking lot were crazy. The staff were nice--they tag your order with your name, which does feel more personal. My biggest issue was the food. I ordered the pancake sampler (you choose any three pancakes from their crazy list of options). I love pancakes and was super excited, but all of the pancakes were WAY too sweet and all came covered in syrups/glazes that were just overwhelming. If you had blindfolded me and told me it was cake, I still would have said it was too sugary. If that's your jam, go forth and be happy. Otherwise, steer clear of the pancakes and try to go early to avoid the crowds."
"I tried snooze for the first time today and was SO impressed. The WAIT sucked but the drinks delivered and the staff was cool. They also give out free coffee which doesn't hurt when your wait is over an hour. My friend got an omelet and I got the dish with the heaping pile of hash browns (can't remember the name but ""heaping"" was listed in the title). And we split a blueberry pancake. The pancake was delicious. Actually, ALL of the food was delicious. And I was really pumped about all of the vegan options. I had soyrizo and a tofu scramble! Our waitress, Spoons was DOPE. Super cool, super knowledgeable and made awesome suggestions. It's a couple of blocks from my place so I'll be back there until the staff knows me by name!"
"Umm, its wildly popular.  I appreciated it because you could get everything made gluten free. It is very packed on the weekends. The meals are very heavy, I couldn't go there every day but it is a treat. Parking is bad."
I'm still sitting at my table and had to rush to Yelp and say you have to try their breakfast. The blueberry pancakes were so good and I'm happy I can get mimosas outside of the weekends. I will most definitely be back!!
"I really enjoy this place! Great food, ambiance and service. Everything on the menu is amazing but my fave is the pot pie with egg on top... just wow!!! 

Always a line out the door and long wait times but it's worth it! You will not be disappointed!"
"This place was EXCELLENT.  We went on Saturday a little before 10a (note - if you're going on a weekend and not at the crack of dawn - you will wait about 30-45 minutes for a table).  We were starving by the time we sat down.  Snooze is exactly what you would think of an old school diner circa the Grease era.  We were seated at a round table and the music was a mix of 90s and 2000s (everything I could possibly want early in the morning).

Our waiter was GREAT.  Super enthusiastic and brought us out the pancake of the day free of charge.  It was TO DIE FOR.  It was a cinnamon roll type pancake and my girlfriends and I were all happy to share it.

In addition to my cold brew coffee (absolutely hit the spot), I decided to get the Benny Duo (2 different half orders of benedicts).  I got the classic ham and then the chilaquiles.  Both were absolutely delicious and the hash browns were spot on in terms of flavor.  The portion sizes were also really normal, which I appreciated, and the benedicts were not doused in hollandaise sauce, which I also appreciated.  

Definitely a new, great brunch spot to try if you end up in the Montrose neighborhood!"
"We have been waiting to go here for a very long time and went today with family visiting from Canada. On a Friday morning, it was pretty crowded, we had to wait 30 mins to get seated for a party of 8. Server seemed bit lost, he served the coffee without sugar. We requested sugar and he did not return for 10 mins while the coffee was getting cold. They were out of OJ so the kids had to settle with lemonade. Food came out after 20-25 mins, overall it was good but one of omelette had multiple hair in it.. so gross... we had to leave the dish as is.. we did not have time to re-order, so we shared from other plates... We were not charged for the omelette but still it was a very bad experience.  

On the good side, The french toast was one of the best that I ever ate.. Will I go back? Yes ... hoping the management will take my review in a positive way and fix the hair problem as it is not acceptable."
The food and drinks are so delicious. A must try is the Orange Snoozius and the  Cinnamon Roll Pancake.
"I need to try other things on the menu, but ordered the breakfast burrito and it was not good. Basically a chimichanga, you coulnt eat it wrapped with your hands but rather had to eat it jumbled and messy on a plate submerged in a bunch of sauce. The insides were 90% mashed black beans. Expensive (9.25 meat not included), big, but not good."
Hands down the best breakfast place. I loved the chai latte and the mascarpone French brioche toast. Heaven!!!
"I'm not typically a breakfast person but this place is amazing. They have a huge selection of sweet and savory options, which is nice for a picky eater like myself. So far I haven't tried anything here that I didn't like. Highly recommend!"
Great mimosas! Pancakes and food are also very yummy! Our service took very long. The guy who worked the front was very rude. Customer service could definitely be improved.
"I came here for breakfast, after leaving 2 other times because the wait was over 2 hours! Today, I committed to the hour long wait and I must say it was definitely worth it! They even gave me the Apple Crumb pancake of the day for free, before my food came out! It was literally the best trio of pancakes that I have ever had in my life...and this says a lot because I'm a bit of a pancake snob! The service was excellent and the food was amazing. Also try the pear spritzer (I think that's the name), it was really good and refreshing. I will definitely be back, hopefully with a shorter wait time."
My boyfriends and I's experience here was an absolute delight. The food was amazing and everything on the menu sounded spectacular. It was genuinely hard to choose what to order. We settled on eggs Benedict and he pot pie dish. Our waitress was an absolute delight and provided us with a complementary pancake since it was our first time visiting. She was very cordial and friendly. We absolutely will be visiting again and I think I can safely say that this is our favorite breakfast/brunch place to date.
"Ok, let me start by saying that I love to try new restaurants and always give a restaurant a couple of tries before posting any reviews.  I was so excited to have a breakfast place in Town & Country and couldn't wait to try it.  It's in a good location and the size of the restaurant is decent and kind of retro.  The coffee is not good, so I recommend getting your coffee at Starbucks right across the parking lot and bringing it over.  :)  I absolutely LOVED the breakfast tacos that have a delicious hollandaise sauce that goes over it that is amazing.  Just makes the whole dish!  I get it on the side so I can put however much/little I want.  I highly recommend the breakfast tacos.  My daughter got a pancake, but it was not done in the middle and her eggs were cold.  We can get past this for the most part but the service is TERRIBLE and there was no wait.  Slow and inattentive so plan on going if you have a lot of time.  Not sure why its so off but I've experienced it the three times I've been.  I would definitely get something to go if I were in the area, but won't go out of my way to go back."
Customer service was OK. I ordered a BLT with no condiments. And it came back with condiments sent it back did not want any more food. Every female look like they had woke up out of bed and came straight to work without showering their hair was ratty and disgusting. Our first server was a male that looked like a bum with a dirty hat on. We chose to get up and sit at the bar where they messed up my BLT.
Favorite breakfast restaurant these days. Food is always amazing.  Great service. If you're in the area you should pop in and give it a try
A little disappointed in our trip to snooze today. I recently just moved to Houston and had tried snooze one time before and absolutely loved it! This time I decided to bring friends who were also new to the area.... 3 of us total. Both me and my friend ordered the shrimp and grits and both dishes had several hairs. The server was okay and made a new one for my friend but I had found my hairs later in the meal and my dish was half eaten and nothing was offered to replace or compensate. As a former server myself I was just a little disappointed that a manager wasn't notified or stopped by to address the situation. Maybe I'll try a different location next time...
It is worth the wait! The snooze classic is delightful and their flight of pancakes are a must! They have a super unique way of incorporating local and small business into their menu. The staff is incredible laid back and so welcoming!
"Don't eat brunch here if you have anything else to do on Sunday, because between the delicious, huge breakfasts and the smooth bloody Marys, a visit to Snooze pretty much requires a re-rack.  Sooo gooood."
"This is a great place for brunch if you're not in a rush or like getting up early. 

The wait can be very long (I've waited over an hour for a table, but I was in no rush with my friends), but they do provide complementary coffee for your wait and activities for kids, or adults ;), to do while you wait. There is a bar where you can order specialty drinks such as mochas or breakfast cocktails, while you wait. Be warned though, that if you have to wait around an hour during the summer, there is no room to wait inside, and outside can get very hot very quick with that morning sun, so make sure to wear a hat.

Getting to the food... the selection is immense, which will add to the time until you're able to eat if you cannot decide quickly. Once you decide what you want out of their many selections of eggs benedicts, pancakes, and breakfast pot pies (one of my favorite items to get here), then you have to wait another 15 minutes or more for your food. But everything is reasonably priced for a sit-down brunch place, and is very good quality and large portions. 

Overall, it's definitely an all morning experience that you should definitely try, since the food is great in the end."
"I love coming here anytime i'm around the biltmore area and in the mood for some great breakfast.  This place has great customer service and will bring you out food to the table just because your order might be taking longer than expected.  

Their pancakes here are second to none.  Try the flight and you won't be mad about it in the least.  

Their bloody mary's and cocktails are a perfect pairing for a lazy brunch and the delicious food doesn't hurt either.  

Few things I'm deducting a star, they get a little fru fru with things they don't need to be, the hashbrowns are stamped out with a circular cutter (i mean honestly who needs this?) and one other thing.  They are on board with the whole paper straws movement.  I'm sorry but when I put a paper straw in a bloody mary and it get soggy and collapses within 15 minutes it completely ruins the experience.  Not to mention it tastes like you're sucking on dry cardboard which is never a fun taste.  Stop with the paper straws already.  

Besides paper straws this place is legit and should be experience by anyone who enjoys some good breakfast food"
"I have been coming to this Snooze for years now I can't believe I haven't written a review yet! This location is convenient to my house and apparently also for a lot of other people because there is always a wait! I have had a few things from their menu including the Snooze Continental {house made granola | Greek yogurt | Agave nectar drizzle | Grapefruit brulée | choice of toast} which I think is the perfect light but filling breakfast. I have also had the Benny Goodman {Eggs Benedict with Lox style salmon and cream cheese} which is to die for! Seriously I was skeptical of salmon with Hollandaise sauce but it is fantastic! My most recent visit I shared the Blueberry Danish Pancakes and the Quinoa Breakfast Bowl. Holy smokes guys, the pancakes were perfect! A perfect balance of sweetness from the blueberry coulis, sweet cream and almond streusel with a lemon cream cheese filling. The quinoa bowl was equally as satisfying (and a bit easier on the waist!) with heirloom carrots, baby kale, crispy prosciutto, and a poached egg. You can choose how the egg is cooked but I'm partial to poached. Service here is always good in my experience. It might not be the best place to take the parents as they can play music pretty loud but that doesn't bother me."
"LOVE THIS PLACE! I've had a variety of items off the menu and I'm always satisfied. Their pancakes are definitely the best in town. Additionally, their servers are always super nice and attentive. The only downside is the wait, at a minimum 30 minutes but more often closer to an hour. Everyone loves this place!"
"The food was really great. Highly recommend the chilaquiles Benedict, and my hubby likes the ham Benedict. Our toddler son devoured the hash browns. Restaurant is cute and lively. But service is pretty bad. Our server seemed to have little to no waiting experience in the past. She rarely checked on us, got simple things wrong (e.g. Water no ice for our toddler), and made dumb excuses when it took over 30 min for our simple order to arrive. Then, on top of that, they made it wring the first time. For a restaurant this busy, the kitchen and serving staff need to get it in order. There's a fairly long wait at 9 am (45 min)."
"I had heard about Snooze and its goodness around the time they opened their new location in Montrose, but didn't get around to going because I also heard the wait was atrocious. I finally managed to stop hitting snooze (get it) and make my way over with my boyfriend. We arrived early afternoon to no wait and a casual atmosphere. I found business professionals, college-aged young adults like myself and families alike. The decor was a groovy 60's vibe brought all together by the Cartoon Network playing at the bar. That day I was craving chocolate more than usual and ordered hot chocolate AND chocolate chip pancakes. Death by chocolate is certainly a thing and I went straight to heaven. The hot chocolate was perfect! Rich and creamy with a little spice that will warm one up on a cold day. The chocolate chip pancakes were divine and I rarely say that. Honestly, this might be a hot take on hot cakes, but I'm just going to go ahead and say it was the best pancake I've ever had. 12/10 would go back. P.S. I also went to one of the Denver locations where they originated and not a surprise it was just as good."
My second time here... Forgot how good this place is. It def did not disappoint me even tho the wait was an hr to be seated (so worth) then another 30 mins to get our food. I would do it all over again!
"Snooze is a fantastic place to grab brunch! They have a wide variety of options for the savory and sweet tooth. They have a large selection of coffee drinks, juices and alcoholic beverages. When friends and family come to visit Houston, Snooze is my number one go to!"
"I love snooze. I've been to so many locations from California to Colorado. This is my first Texas stop. To start out they don't use the NOWAIT app so that was concerning. We were told our wait was around 1-1.5 hours. That's about average. We had our drinks as we waited. I noticed a couple tables where people would walk in and be seated immediately. I get being a local/knowing people helps get you a table quicker but ya know it's not a good look. 

We waited a full hour before checking in. When I went to the desk to check ETA I was told our reservation was canceled and we would be seated immediately. Great. Except that means we should've been seated earlier. After being seated we ordered water and our food. It's now been over 30 minutes and nothings come out. 

Maybe I have high expectations for the ""Snooze"" brand but this location clearly missed the mark."
"Pancakes three ways, YES PLEASE!! Snooze allows you to not have to choose between all of its off the chart pancake creations.  The pick 3 pancakes is a fantastic options.  the cinnamon roll pancake remains my favorite but  I always try the pancake of the day because you just never know what goodness awaits.  You can also order a single pancake, which is great if you want to try the numerous super egg dishes.  A pancake ad al la carte breakfast taco will more than fill you up!  Yum!  Worth waking up early for indeed,"
"Snooze easily climbed its way to the top of my favorite breakfast places in Houston, after just one visit.  I'd heard a lot of great reviews before I went, so I had pretty high expectations.  What I wasn't expecting was the ridiculous wait my husband and I had at 10:30 on a Friday!  I figured Friday would have significantly fewer crowds but nope, it turns out it's still packed.  I'd highly recommend coming earlier (around 9am) or just be prepared to wait around for a lil.  

The coffee is good (and the mugs- how cute are they?!) and the menu is basically one giant temptation.  My husband got the pancake flight and was gracious enough to let me try a bite of each.  They were all delicious, of course.  

I ordered a 3-egg scramble and added in lox and goat cheese.  The scramble was perfect with just the right amount of goat cheese, and I LOVED the hash browns!  They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  They really nailed the classic diner-style.  

I'll definitely put Snooze in my regular breakfast rotation, but will arrive earlier next time.  Can't wait to go back!"
"Does Snooze have good breakfast? Yes. Is Snooze worth the wait? No. On the positive side, I live close enough to Snooze where I don't have to brave the hour-plus wait on Saturday/Sunday mornings in the parking lot. Also on the positive side, they have text notification when your place in line is up. One can take advantage of this service by running errands nearby instead of waiting in the crowded lobby or sweltering parking lot in the dead of summer.

As far as the food and service is concerned, you get nothing but praise from me. Those pineapple upside-down pancakes are excellent. I also like building my own omelettes. The coffee is decent as well. The different hot sauces they provide are a nice touch, and much better than plain old Tabasco. The hash browns aren't the best, but the chicken sausage makes up for it. Parking can be a pain sometimes as the lot is small. You may find yourself parked on the street around the block.

Don't get me wrong. The food is pretty good at Snooze. If it wasn't for the wait, I'd go more often. However, there are other places around with good food and either less of a wait or a reservation system."
"Visited Houston from Baltimore last week for 5 days. 3 of those days was spent eating breakfast/brunch at Snooze. We ordered the flight pancakes. Blueberry, pineapple upside down, sweet potato and an extra cinnamon roll. Not sure which one was better because I ate them all at the same time. I ate them so fast that I didn't even get to snap a pic (sorry yelp). I will say that they could also serve as dessert with a side of ice cream.
2/3 days we had Kevin as a waiter. He was quick and attentive. He even remembered our whole order the next day. The 3rd day we had Kayla who gave us the disclaimer that she was new. Had she not said that we wouldn't have known because she was better than a lot of ""experienced"" waiters I've had in the past. And I eat out 3-4 times a week. What tipped off this experience is that the manager came out to greet us on our 3rd visit and asked us how everything was. And then, BONUS, she gave us a coupon to return for a free cinnamon roll pancake. See you guys June 27"
"I was a little disappointed after reading all of the good reviews and deciding to try this place.

1)WAIT: *
We got there at 8AM on a Saturday, and I was expecting a wait. The hostess told us it would be 20 mins until our table was ready. I was excited, because I honestly was expecting to wait at least 40 mins or more...... Well.... 20 mins passed... then 30..... then 40.... We finally get the text message saying to show up to the hostess stand for our table. We go up there and they say they are cleaning our table off, and then they will seat us. So we wait again.... 20 more minutes pass before we are seated.....20 minutes to clean off our table?
60 MINUTES TOTAL to be seated when they told us 20!!!

I understand a long wait time on the weekend; I really do. But there is absolutely NO EXCUSE for you to get quoted ""20 minutes"" and not get seated until ""60 minutes later""..... If anything, the hostess should ALWAYS over-estimate your wait time. I wish they had just said it would be 1hr and a half wait. We would have went somewhere else to occupy our time until our table was ready.

2)FOOD: *** Over priced, Small portions, and Mediocre Taste (except for the pancakes)

We ordered the ""Pancake Flight"", ""Sweet Potato Hash"", and ""Benny Duo"".

""Sweet Potato Hash"": Sweet potatoes were RAW... like bite into an uncooked potato raw.

""Benny Duo"": We got the Bella! Bella! Benny and the Benny Goodman. Both were served on a little tiny piece of bread. I'm used to eggs Benedict being served on a large piece of bread, at least larger than the egg in order to soak up the broken yolk and hollandaise. The portions were tiny and tasted pretty mediocre.

""Pancake Flight"": We got the OMG! French Toast, the Cinnamon Roll Pancake (recommended by our server), and the Pineapple Upside Down Pancake. This dish was awesome! If we came back, which we probably won't, we would order this again!

3) SERVICE: **
Our food took 30 minutes to come out, after our 1 hour wait time. Also, we didn't get the cinnamon roll pancake initially... they gave us two pineapple upside down flavors and one french toast. Then it took an additional 20 minutes for us to get the pancake we actually ordered.
Our server was really nice and had GREAT recommendations, but she also didn't get a chance to check on us so we could let her know about the pancake mix-up for at least 30 mins through the meal. She did give us the cinnamon roll pancake when it came out, and it was fantastic.

TL;DR 
All in all, this place is way over-hyped. The hostess doesn't give you realistic wait expectations. The food is expensive. The quantity and quality of the food has much to be desired as well. We were both disappointed. :("
"This place definitely lived up to its hype. Even with its tiny parking lot, somehow the entire restaurant managed to be nearly filled when I arrived at 7:30am on a Friday. Nothing deters Houstonians from their breakfast.

We were immediately seated and ordered drinks and food within a reasonable amount of time, but there were a bit of a wait until we actually got our food (maybe 20-30 min? which wasn't horrible judging from what other people have waited). It was definitely hard to choose what to eat. I'm a big sweet + savory person and being post night shift was about to pull a crazy and order two entrees but I tempered myself and stuck with the plate that would give me the most variety for the least cost: the Benny Duo. If you're like me and literally want to order everything for breakfast, the Benny Duo ($12) is the dish for you. At $1 more, you get to choose 2 different eggs benedict with a side of hash browns. I opted for the Bella Bella (prosciutto, arugula, and balsamic vinaigrette) and the Benny Goodman (lox, cream cheese cream cheese, caper relish). Holy. Moly. I've never had such good eggs benedict in my life. The eggs were perfectly poached, the ingredient combos were perfectly complementary and not too heavy, and the cream cheese hollandaise sauce on both was to die for. I loved how the carb each benedict came with was super crispy (it's such a bummer to get a soggy muffin) and how all the ingredients were so fresh. The hash browns were aight; I'm partial to well done fried potato hash so I can't fault them for a signature dish. 

I was eyeing many items on the menu so I'll definitely be back with an eating buddy so we can split a bunch of things."
The food here is amazing and so is the coffee and latte's. My only recommendation to patrons is to arrive early because it gets busy very quickly! We usually go Saturday mornings and if we get there past 8am there is usually a wait. Although the food is well worth it if you can wait!
"The wait can be a little long, especially on a Sunday morning, but we all enjoyed the food and the service was good.  Their delivery truck hadn't arrived that morning so they ran out of bacon but overall, we had a good experience and would go back."
"Snooze is a solid brunch place with variety if you plan accordingly for the wait and know what to expect. 

PARKING
Parking is limited here. There are only a few allotted spots in their direct lot. You're going to have to opt for street parking around the corners. 

THE WAIT
The wait is the killer part and they don't take reservations. We arrived at around 10:30AM and there was an hour wait that extended outside. They do have complimentary coffee in the meantime which was a big plus. There is also a full bar: so you can also keep an eye out for the bar seats, as they open up to first come first serve. I didn't mind waiting since I wanted to try this place out, but I don't know if I would be willing to do this every time. They do open around 630AM though, so you can try to come here earlier for a lesser wait.

DINING
Moderately fair priced for a large quantity ($10-$15 a person). The entrees are heavy and you will definitely be full afterwards, possibly with leftovers to spare. I wanted to try the bendicts, and they have an option which allows you to try 2 half orders. All the benedicts come with the side of hash. I Tried the Benny Goodman (smoked salmon/cream cheese/poached egg) and Chilaques Benedict (barbacoa/hollandaise/poached egg). Both were not bad and made for a very filling meal. Hash was cooked just right. 

I also tried out the special of the day which was a banana nutella pancake with powdered sugar. It was really good but a little too sweet for my liking. This also made for a very heavy meal.

They restaurant curves and extends in the back. They have a lot of booth seating options, and the music was casual and upbeat for a good brunch ambiance. I don't recall any outdoor seating options, which would probably have been a nice option if available. 

SERVICE
Our server did well to check on our table periodically. Their staff seems friendly enough and had fun giving details about Snooze's unique quirks. I have no complaints here."
"Best pancakes I've EVER had and they were FREE! I came here to meet up with my mom and her friends and wasn't planning on getting anything, but I ended up ordering a cappuccino. Their orders arrived and apparently it took a while (but I totally didn't notice) and our server gave us a half order of their apple pie pancakes on the house!! Which was funny because those ended up being the best pancakes I've ever had in my life lol. Although I could do without the cappuccino, this place deserves 10 stars! Line is long, weekend or weekday, but that's expected. This place is awesome!"
"This is my second time here and it was excellent as usual! My only recommendation is getting there EARLY if you don't want to wait. (Before 8:30am) This time I got their breakfast Pot Pie which is eggs served your way over sausage gravy and hash browns laying on a delicious flaky dough crust shell....all the textures and flavors are perfect! Another great thing about the Montrose location is that I have never seen children in there! I mean I kind of love my niece and nephew but don't want to eat around loud, fidgety kids anytime, but especially in the morning! Also, tell your server its your first time there....we got a free pancake on the side and it was amazing!"
"If you want an awesome breakfast, this is the place to grab a plate! The food is absolutely delicious, and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. To make brunch a bit more fun, the drink menu is great ... mimosa's are good, but I'm a huge fan of the ""Boss Hog"" bloody mary ... bourbon, bacon, and a tangy bloody mary mix is golden!"
I love this atmosphere! Hostess asks us what's your favorite thing chocolate or pumpkin? We said pumpkin she introduced a pumpkin pancake and it was bomb!! And I like the food and the attitude of the place worth my money!
"Pulled and found a spot really easy despite only enough private sports for 12 -14 vehicles . There is street parking but I'm glad I got into the lot. 

Walked in and was seated immediately. My server came right over and she was good- I could tell by her promptness, smell and swagger.; however, she still had to replace my silverware because my spoon was definitely not clean. The resturant is very clean and lively. The colors and lighting used gives the place life at all times. I ordered the Cortoda coffee espresso and it came in a shot glass -too hot for me to handle (I have delicate hands)My server got me a coffee mug and poured it into it. I was surprised that the it didn't reach halfway. It was strong-good and strong. I needed it for this morning. 

I also ordered a small pineapple juice which was very good and sweet- I should have ordered a large one.

Today I ordered  Ahhh La Carte! 
Bacon -Hmmm Bacon, 2 Eggs scrambled, extra crispy hash browns and fruit. 

The fruit was sweet and juicy, the bacon not only had a maple like smell but taste as well. The hash browns were cooked just right with a light tasting flavor. The eggs"
"The food is good, but I don't think it's ""1 hour wait"" good.  With that said, expect an hour+ wait during normal eating times on the weekends."
"This place is good, but I don't really get all of the hype. It's a pretty traditional breakfast/brunch restaurant, that for some reason always has a 45min-1hr wait. All of the food I've had was consistently good, but there isn't anything that really sticks out in my mind as being phenomenal."
"The best place for brunch I've ever been to. Everybody was extremely nice and friendly, and the food was fantastic. Even though the wait was ""75-90 minutes"" when we came in on a Sunday, it turned out to be closer to an hour and they stayed open past their posted hours so we could have food. A must!!!!"
"If you decide to eat brunch here after 7:00AM, be prepared for a long wait. Typically, the wait is about 1 hour to an hour and a half on the weekend. They text you when you table is ready and give you up to 15 minutes to check in. I suggest getting there earlier, putting your name in, and walking around the surrounding shops or getting coffee while you wait for your table to be ready.

They have a great selection of different types of eggs benedict and pancakes. I had the bella benny (eggs with hollandaise, arugla, tomato, and balsamic glaze). I highly recommend their eggs benedict or pancake dishes - they are very good and give snooze their hype. I would say that their other items aren't worth the wait."
"Although you usually have an hour's wait, they give your phone a text when you need to head back. In the meantime, you can walk to a local store to shop. If you just want to hangout there, you can help yourself to complimentary coffee, juice or water. The food is delicious, like the amazing pancakes or healthier fair.  They have a good variety of drinks."
Been wanting to check this place out for a while. The ambiance is very hip and modern. They also offer games outside while you wait. I tried the breakfast pot pie and did not enjoy it . I waited20 minutes for a seat and then another 20 for a fried egg covered with sausage gravy over a light flaky crust with a hash brown. I will come back to try the pineapple upside down pancakes
"Be prepared to wait for at least an hour! Brunch is really good ..especially the Caprese Benedict! Parking is limited, but there's additional parking on the street."
"The only reason it's four stars because of the wait. The food is excellent, the stuffed French toast was the best of my life. They also have organic options and he chicken sausage was house made and excellent. Will be coming here 100 more times."
Worlds most delicious eggs benedict ever - we had the chilaquiles benny and it was absolutely scrumptious! It was our first time here so the server decided to treat us to some delicious pancakes! Literally every bite was magically delicious!
"Love this place!!! All of the food and drinks are fantastic!  The reason I didn't give it five stars is because there is ALWAYS a super long wait, even on weekday mornings. So if you go, get there way early and plan to park on the street far away. Worth the wait, for sure!!!"
The food was good as always but the service was sub par. It took about 40 minutes to get our food and my buddies food was cold. I enjoy this place but probably just had one of those days
Best place for breakfast hand down. Snooze is the standard that places that serve breakfast should aspire to. The OMG French toast is the business
"Great food! There is too long of a wait though (not necessarily the restaurant's problem - being busy is good for business). 2+ hour wait on a Saturday. I recommend ordering it to go. I was able to call it in, pick it up, and eat at my house in less than an hour. It would've been a lot longer otherwise."
"I was a first timer yesterday and I am hooked. This is sure to become my favorite breakfast/brunch spot, and I cannot wait to go back a few more times to try more items on their extensive menu, sure to please all tastes and palates.  I recommend their pancake flight, and the pancake of the day was a cinnamon roll pancake, the best of the three.  The corned beef hash was amazing, and I just had to have two of the AM Manhattans; the warm espresso and brandy was the perfect accompaniment to my breakfast on that rainy, Fourth of July morning.  The service was top notch, and Alexis did a great job accommodating us on that busy morning.  Thanks guys. I can't wait for my next visit to Snooze."
"Excellent service and solid food at a reasonable price. 

The staff at Snooze is always nice. Some of them are truly exceptional. They check in regularly without being intrusive. 

I particularly appreciate that I can get a salad instead of potatoes with my breakfast. At my age (and weight) little things like that mean a lot."
"I am a HUGE fan of Snooze.  It was my last day in Houston so I came at 7am to have my GF flight of pancakes. Their peppermint smore pancakes was TO DIE FOR.  It was simply the best pancake ever.  I also got pumpkin pie and blueberry danish (my other fav).  I know on weekends they must be busy, as all are.  but I love this place and I' so glad I got to come."
"I loved my pancakes (blueberry).
Unfortunately, for my mom, her french toast was a little dry in that the brioche bread was thick which is good but the egg didn't quite soak through.  So, not the best.  She did love the syrup though."
"As soon as I could I made my way to Snooze. Heard a lot of great things from friends in Colorado, and couldn't wait to see what they were all talking about. Now I know! Food was great, and the morning cocktails are a fantastic way to start the morning. Always, always, ask about the pancake of the day!! How they come up with some of them, is beyond me. The bella bella benedict is delicious, especially with a nice cold beermosa! 

Just a warning, get there early! The first time I stumbled in around 7:30am on a Tuesday and was seated almost immediately. But one Sunday I wanted to take a few friends to show them how great it was, and we ended up waiting for almost two hours. Granted we did get there at around 9:45 so it was to be somewhat expected. 

All in all, I love the food, the atmosphere, and the service! 
Also, you can call an order in, pick it up, and enjoy at home!"
"Hearing a lot of rave reviews for this brunch place, we decided to stop in and feel the hype.

The waitress was very friendly and knew a lot about the menu.

She recommended a few items to us that we tried. 

We began our meal with lemonade and apple mimosa that was delicious! 

We were then treated with a cinnamon roll pancake that was light, fluffy and mildly sweet.

We then ordered the am Manhattan and snooze fashioned with our entrees of the snooze am breakfast and eggs Benedict's.

Th presentation was great but sadly the food was very bland. The hash potatoes needed salt and the chorizo / barbicoa was bland also. 

Luckily, the entree drinks was a great end to a sad entree.

Overall, we loved the beginning of the meal but towards the entrees, it went South."
5 stars doesn't even start to rate my snooze Montrose!! I have been going there since day one and believe when I say this place has the most friendlyest hard working positive energetic team oriented group of colorful group of people!
"First time going to Snooze and I will definitely be back! There was a long wait time, but if you give them your phone number, you can walk around and explore Montrose. They will text you once your table is almost ready. 

Our server, Ashley, was amazing! She recommended some really great options that are not on the menu and even gave us a on the house pancake to try. 

The pancakes were awesome, light, and fluffy. The bacon was well done and not too crunchy. There is an option not adevertised on the menu, but you can order 1/2 and 1/2. That way you can try two menu options without getting full sizes. Lastly and most importantly the mimosas and morning margs were bomb! (Currently tipsy as I type)

To end our meal Ashley gave my party a free pancake coupon to use on our next visit. Again, definitely will be returning."
"They need bring Snooze in from Texas to LA!  Actually there are a few locations in SD as well, so maybe it won't be that long before it comes to the City of Angels.  Walked over from our Air BnB in Montrose area before heading out to the Johnson Space Center.  Had to fuel the brain before learning about space and this is a perfect place to go!  We ordered the Chile Verde and Smashes Avocado Bennie (they have an option where you can try two types of their eggs Benedict, but just get half of an order), and OMG French toast.  Both bennie's were really good, and it was nice that the hollandaise sauce came on the side, and didn't break.  The French Toast had toasted coconut on it and was sweet but not cloyingly so.  Pricing is fair for breakfast/brunch places,  and service is pretty attentive.  We didn't have to wait for a table, which was nice (granted we did come on a Tuesday morning)."
"3 Stars for lack of service. 
We sat at our table today probably for about 30 min. We finally stopped a waiter and he took our order. Everyone else around us was greeted & served right away. 
Food was ok. I just had eggs, bacon, hash browns."
"Snooze you got a few things to work out. 

Train your servers; no table should wait 10 minutes before a greet or drink order when you aren't even at capacity 

You shouldn't wait 40 minutes for eggs and pancakes to arrive and then for them to be cold! And then literally hunting down your waitress for a coffee refill. People come to restaurants because they want to be served, otherwise you get it to go or cook yourself. 60 total minutes to order and receive two egg plates when you are 70% full on a weekday brunch time is beyond unacceptable 

If you know there are going to be insanely slow give the table a heads up! At s minimum your server should check on you that is what the tip is for.  For actually doing the job of waiting on the table. 

The food was decent but overshadowed by the horrible and unbearable wait times and utter disregard 

I think you have potential please work with your servers to improve there customer service and attention to their customers. And give your servers all table in the same area of the restaurant can help with their ability to be attentive.

From a manager view DO NOT give servers tables in there totally different areas of the restaurant you are just exaggerating an already bad situation. It begs you each of those out of the typical section tables to be ignored"
We came on a weekday because I hear the weekend is usually pack. Great place for brunch. Great customer service and friendly staff. The food was delicious. It isn't a five star because parking is horrible.
"This was my second time eating here.  I had the Snooze classic breakfast and substituted my toast for Sweet Potato Pancakes, it was delicious.  The food, service, and ambience are all great"
"Great food, poor service. Came here for brunch on a Monday at around 11 AM. Wait was around 35 minutes. Good thing they had coffee for those waiting but the hostesses were rude. Weren't happy that I asked for an update on my wait time and when I received a text that my table was ready, it took an extra 5-7 mins on top of my 35 minute wait to have us seated. I noticed a lot of tables would be open with no one being seated for at least 5 minutes. Seems like slow turnover. Noticed few people leaving because of the long wait. 

I ordered the breakfast pot pie (replaced the sausage gravy with black beans and green sauce) and bf ordered the summer harvest. Both were great, filling, and not too heavy! We shared the omg French toast afterwards which made for a great dessert! Bf has ordered orange juice as well, but our server completely forgot about it so we let it go. 

I'd come back if the service had been better. It's a 3.5/5."
"Sunday morning the wait for us was 50 minutes, and the temperature inside was sweltering, probably from so many folks coming in and out.  Hash browns, coffee, bacon, peach cobbler pancakes and eggs benedict items all got good reviews from my companions. Poached eggs were not well drained, and came in a vinegar brine.  Prices were reasonable and service was good.  The establishment has games to pass the time during waiting, and self-service coffee for the wait as well."
Great experience! The food was outstanding and so was the customer service! There was a little wait but it was well worth it
"This place was awesome. 
We went for my birthday and they brought me a special order of their three signature pancakes, which were to die for!!! 
The sitting was a little crammed, as we sat at a small booth. The wait was about a 45 minute, which also kind of sucked... but in their defense, they were busy. 
Coffee was delicious.
Me and my friend's meals were good as well."
"Simply put, the best breakfast ever! I highly recommend the cinnamon roll pancakes. They are not currently on the menu but you can order them. The waitstaff was very attentive and flexible."
"Great food, Great Options. Counter service, while helpful are very loud."
"Loved this place for breakfast when I visited my hometown. Prepare for a long wait if you are going there during weekend breakfast or brunch time. I assume it may also be pretty busy during the week. We waited about an hour to get our table at 11am on a Friday. Luckily there is a Starbucks within walking distance, so we spent our time catching up there. There is a small parking lot, so parking may be difficult. We ended up parking in the neighborhood and walking over. 

I ordered the breakfast pot pie, which sounded really delicious, but was only okay. I expect I would've been happier ordering the pancakes or any of the eggs benedict dishes. My friend ordered the pancakes, and they were delicious. I will definitely go back the next time I'm in town. 

The service was great. Our waitress was very friendly and continuously kept my coffee topped off. A+++"
"There are few things in life that are worth the wait:

- waiting for the first day of summer
- waiting for your coffee order to be ready
- waiting for some of the best breakfast in the city

But let me tell you what...worth the wait.

Don't be intimidated by the long wait time and crowd of people constantly at Snooze, because this place is worth the wait.

We came here on a Sunday afternoon for brunch around 1, for a table of 4. Or wait time was 45 minutes to an hour, and although we were all getting a tiny bit (or a lot bit) hangry, the food made up for the wait.

I ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie and it was party in your mouth deliciousness. This tastes just like your traditional pot pie, with a generous amount of crust - which, let's be honest, is THE best part. The flavors did not lack at all, fully encompassing your mouth with every bite. The hash browns that came on the side were your typical delicious hash browns, nothing real special but they were definitely real delicious.

The boyf and I shared the Flight of Pancakes - we got the Pineapple Upside Down, the Blueberry Crumble, and the Bourbon Pumpkin Spice. The pumpkin spice was good but my least favorite - I'm not use to the bitterness that the Bourbon provides. The Pineapple Pancake was littered in butter which means it was delicious! The blueberry crumble has no complaints from this self proclaimed pancake aficionado.

Case in point - WORTH THE WAIT!!!"
"They're pretty amazing at sweet stuff. The pancakes, the French toast and the hot chocolate are all amazing. 

What's not amazing is the wait. This place is hella popular with little to no parking available. They know this and they are opening up more locations across houston. Thankfully. 

I heard the savory dishes are more hit or miss. I luckily like my potatoes kinda flimsy rather than crunchy so I don't mind at all. I'll keep coming back for the marcaspone French toast. That's the best!"
"This place is AH-mazing!!!  Not only is the atmosphere so fun with cheery, high-energy employees, but the food is outstanding.  I attended the soft opening benefiting Heroes for Children this morning with five co-workers and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  We ordered and shared several entrees including the Breakfast Pot Pie (all I can say is wow!), the Snooze Classic (think traditional breakfast), the Chile Verde Benny and a flight of pancakes (ingenious idea bcuz with so many pancake varieties offered, you can't pick just one!)...worth every bite.  We tried the chocolate chip, blueberry and traditional pancakes.  Could have possibly been the best pancakes we've ever eaten...just wow.  

The only negative was that parking was a challenge, but they had a parking attendant who was most helpful.  With the place being packed and a small parking lot, it's understandable.  There is street parking in the area if the lot is full.  

I'm not usually a big breakfast food fan, but I will definitely be back.  Thank you, Snooze, for a great start to the day!!!"
Cool place!  Great pancakes and service.  Some of the pancake flight was too sweet.  Awesome hot chocolate!
"Finally had the chance to try Snooze after having it bookmarked for months. Ordered takeaway so please bear that in mind as you read my review!

Snooze is open every day from 6:30 am to 2:30 pm. Their automated message will tell you straight away that they don't take reservations nor do they accept call aheads. I arrived at 6:36 on a Sunday morning and there were already 5 people seated and drinking their coffee when I walked in. I found parking without an issue, but beware- by the time my to go order was ready around 7:10, the lot was filling up and all the parallel parking directly in front was taken. 

Upon stepping inside, I was immediately warmly greeted by 3 hostesses. 2 of the ones that I encountered that day were in training. There's a small self service counter near the door with complimentary Snooze special blend coffee harvested from a cloud something or other in Guatemala (not kidding, had a lot of time to kill while I was waiting for my order so I read everything on the table and walls). The counter wasn't fully stocked when I arrived, which was slightly disappointing, so I paid $3 for a to go cup of coffee. It was annoying because I had to ask for it and then again for cream. But I digress. 

Let's move on to the food. Tried 4 things:
1. Pancake flight- lemon ricotta poppy seed, pineapple upside down cake, and daddy's toolbox (special of the day). THESE PANCAKES ARE TO DIE FOR. Never really got that expression but it fits for these hotcakes. Like seriously. Soooo flipping good. The lemon was my favorite but my toddler scarfed down the savory sausage/chive daddy's toolbox special. Would return just to eat these pancakes. Already thinking about returning for these pancakes. 
2. Beef hash- it was fine. Better at Kenny and Ziggy's IMO. 
3. Pot pie- also eh. Didn't love but didn't hate. Wouldn't order again. 
4. Classic ham bennie with a few subs- swapped the ham for bacon and the muffin for sourdough toast. This was delicious (the hollandaise was excellent) but the portion was pretty small to me. 

The hash browns were good but I didn't get the rave reviews. Again, I prefer them at Kenny and Ziggy's. MVP = pancake!!

One other random note- the diner booths are small and a tight fit. I'm an average size adult and I felt squished."
Good food (breakfast is hard to mess up) their pancakes are delicious. Try them all! The Wait staff is like the liberalist Starbucks had a hipster contest and the winner is selected to work here. Overall good place if you don't mind waiting 20-30 minutes for a table to eat breakfast
"Okay, so now the name of this restaurant makes all the sense in the world... they named it Snooze because after you eat all that delicious food, you're bound to go back home and fall into a deep, pleasurable sleep! I don't even know where to begin. SMH. First, we both had a breakfast cocktail. I had a peach mimosa but I can't recall what he had. What I do know is that they were both great. We got the OMG French Toast, an omelette with chicken sausage, spinach and cheese and our waiter brought out something additional for us which was the cinnamon roll pancake. Everything was awesome."
"We came of a Wednesday morning so there was no line at all. There are so many options for breakfast but we got the snooze classic (made vegan), Benny duo and the pot pie. The eggs are perfectly runny. The snooze classic had potato hash, sour dough bread and jam, soyrizo and tofu scramble. The tofu scramble was seasoned very well and was flavorful. The soyrizo was quite good but I found that there was too much of it. I wish the bread was toasted a little more. Breakfast at snooze is an amazing value for the cost. I definitely recommend it! 

My friends said the pot pie and eggs benny were really good."
"This restaurant is so tasty! They have unique items and a large menu with good variety. The main negative is a long wait, sometimes up to an hour, but they have a good system in place. They will text you when your table is almost ready. At the Montrose location, we like to walk over to Southside espresso and have coffee while we wait."
Good food. Ok service. I sat at the bar and she was in the weeds. Hard to make eye contact with her to get her attention. Hashbrowns were awesome! The music was absolutely horrible I couldn't wait to get out of there!
"I am in love with this place! I had wonderful Spicy Mimosa and it was half price off because I work in the medical center. For my meal I had the Juan's Tacos, they were yummy as well. Also tried a cinnamon pecan pancake that was to die for. Parking is tough and the wait is extremely long, those are my only complaints! The prices are reasonable and the staff I have to say is wonderful!"
"Great atmosphere......on this wonderful Wednesday we ran into Pastor John Gray and his lovely wife Aventer Gray. Lovely down to earth people. Never met him up close and personal only in a distance at the church (LakeWood). But, Snooze is a great spot......

Let's talk about this Green Tom
bloody (spicy) good Lawd.....and the pancake of the day was the cherry cobbler something but yeah that. Lol I highly recommend this place as a one time visit"
"Food was good, but service was below average. Prices are a bit high for portion size and breakfast. Wait time was an hour for us. Meal had several items that are at The Egg & I, which rarely has a wait time and their prices include meats. Here you have to pay extra to add meats to most of the already above average priced items. It was an ""ehhhh"" experience for me."
"One of our favorite breakfast spots not only because of the food, but because of the service you receive every time. The weekend are always crazy busy but I never feel forgotten about, which can happen during busy times. Yesterday we had Jeff as a server and he was hands down what made our meal so enjoyable. Thanks again"
Fantastic breakfast spot as long as you're not in a rush.  Get the sweet potato pancakes!
"These pancakes OMG! They are amazzziinnggg! Try the pancake of the day, especially if it's a limited time special. The pineapple upside down is one of my faves but you can also create your own... they have really yummy toppings. 

If you're not crazy about sweets the eggs Benedict are delicious as well, so are their breakfast tacos. The granola is great too, they make it in house with fresh ginger so if you're not a ginger lover you probably won't like it. 

They also have a pretty good selection of different types of coffees. 

I love the service as much as I love the pancakes. Wait staff is always super friendly and prompt and very knowledgeable about their menu! 

TIP: if you're going on a weekend be prepared to wait because it's always packed, but the wait is kind of a part of the fun if you like socializing. You can also get someone to go write your name down (no call ins allowed) and they will give you an estimate of wait time and text you before your party needs to be seated."
"So. Incredibly. Good. this place fills the whole in my heart that was left when Gratifi on Taft closed. We had the Benny duo, pineapple pancakes and cold brewed coffee. All excellent. Lovely atmosphere, high quality ingredients. I have a new favorite!"
Potato stack is so good. Also love the cocktails. One of my favorite brunch spots : )
This restaurant is well worth the 45 minute to an hour wait. Absolutely love the breakfast pot pie with the blueberry pancakes with the lemon filling for dessert. The staff is wonderful and very attentive. Highly recommend Snooze and will be back on a regular basis!
The food is amazing and Luis is fantastic himself! I got the Benny Duo with the smashed avocado Benny and Benny Gooodman. Yum! I enjoy eating here.
"Awful service. We waiting for 60 minutes for a table which makes sense for brunch on a Sunday but when we got to the table, we waiting 15 min to be greeted by our waitress. We never received water and our mimosa and Bloody Mary came out 30 mins after we sat down. Our empty drink glasses sat for 10 minutes before we had to catch the waitress walking by to get another drink. When we finally received our food, my boyfriend and our daughters food came out 15-20 mins before mine did. The manager had to come over and apologize for the terrible service and that my food (which was the exact order as my boyfriends) came out way later. We ate our food. Never received a glass of water. And Received our bill in the middle of your meal. Service was absolutely terrible. Food was good but go to another location."
"Zero complaints. There was a 15-20 minute wait time at 9:30 am on a Sunday but two of us were able to sit right away at the bar which was open seating. The OMG french toast was AMAZING. I mean, I read the other reviews and thought ""no way it's that good"" but IT IS. Service was lovely; our server was very kind and accommodating. Service was a bit slow but it was packed and it wasn't so slow as to be distracting from any other part of the meal. 

Bella Bella Benny was well liked by my partner -- finished the whole thing!

Snooze spuds deluxe was nothing special - hash brown, eggs, couple other toppings - but it was incredibly delicious. One complaint actually -- I had bacon added but I'm honestly not sure if it was. There were hints of bacon taste but I couldn't find any actual chunks -- so if it was there it was small pieces I couldn't distinguish from charred hash brown. This seems...weird? So either use bigger bacon chunks or else my order was just inaccurate. Either way, room for improvement."
Albeit the extremely long wait times at snooze currently the food/experience was divine! I got the Bella Bella Benedict and our table shared the pineapple upside down pancake. Both of which were so amazing. The menu offers a wide variety of choices all sounding better than the last. Definitely worth that hour long wait!
"[yelp seems to think this place is a steakhouse.  it is not.  they sell breakfast.]

my brother and i had an awful experience at snooze this morning.   i expected a wait.  the folks at the counter said they would text me in 20 or 30 minutes. so far so good. 

 after 45 minutes, i inquired. i was told that they had texted me twice already--this is demonstrably false.  i asked them to call my phone using the number i gave them originally.  the young lady was reluctant to do it, but she did, and my phone rang.   they clearly had the right number.   an employee in an orange shirt  said ""don't worry, you are now at the top of the list.""  i waited another ten minutes, and after seeing a number of folks being seated, i inquired again.   they claimed to have texted me again.  (my cell phone records show that is not the case.) then, the guy in the orange shirt said that they thought that i left.  (if one story doesn't work, then try another.)

then, right in front of my eyes, they seated some people who i had seen park in front of the restaurant 30 minutes after i arrived.   the fellow in orange insisted that they were not seating those people before us.    (as if i was blind, as well as feeble and bald.)

i am a patient man (to a fault), but the snooze staff just flat out lied to me.  they didn't text me originally,  they didn't put me ""at the top of the list"", they didn't text me the second time and then they denied the blatantly obvious.    

i am clean, polite and middle class.  i was even wearing a new shirt.  so what's the deal?  my brother pointed out afterwards that we were the oldest people in the place.  (i'm 61, my brother is 55 or so.)    i don't know what the snooze policy about oldsters is, but i can testify that they seemed quite anxious to seat anyone else before us.
  
the manager came to our table.  she hinted that she recognized that  she had an issue with the employees at the door, and gave us our meal gratis.  (that was nice, but i would have much preferred to have been seated and served on the some basis as the rest of the clientele and paid full freight.)    then, the gentleman from the door came to the table and apologized, attributing our experience to a ""technological error"".     in his mind maybe it was.  i'd call it a moral failure.   

i once read an article about how successful businesses (and their employees) run a risk of becoming complacent.    i saw it first hand this morning.  complacency is bad enough; but, even it you have customers lined up around the block, lying to them is unforgivable. 

here is the important thing: the english muffin and hash browns were pretty good.  everything else was bland.   the next time that i want a big plate of tasteless breakfast food, i'll go to the egg and i, where the staff is inexperienced, but honest."
"I love their triple pancake dish. That is super yummy and their burrito is huge!!!!! Line is always ridiculously long, I wish they expanded the place"
"They had a super long wait, but we enjoyed some mimosas and bloody Mary's which made he wait nice. Their French toast was a nice sweet treat."
"A coworker described this spot as a 'hipster IHOP' and from the moment we walked in, it did not disappoint. The booths feel like they're from an old skating rink in the 50s- the entire vibe of the place makes you feel like you may have somehow entered a diner straight out of Pleasantville. 

We sat down and decided to start with some beverages - the bloody, the bacon cocktail and some iced mochas. Everything was awesome, but the bloody was next level. There were so many things on the menu that looked awesome, but we decided to pick from the extensive list of Benedict options. We really enjoyed that this place allows you to mix and match - getting one of a certain kind and another different. 

I had the quinoa patty one, which was awesome without feeling too healthy and the barbacoa one which seamlessly combined eggs bene and a huevos ranchero vibe. My colleague got one with prosciutto which he said was just ok, and the standard ham one which was good. 

The service was good as well. If I lived here this would be my standard brunch spot."
"So I came on a Sunday about an hour before they closed. 


My real complaint that almost made me walk out without even trying the food was the hostess. I walked in and there were 3 guys at the hostess stand talking to the hostess. No sign that said wait to be seeted so I did not know if you sat yourself or waited on her. I stood for 3 minutes while she flirted with the 3 guys and never acknowledge me. I finally asked excuse me may I just sit anywhere and she said oh yeah the breakfast bar is open have a seat. 

I went and sat down and waited another 4 minutes before a server showed up. This did not bother me because they were busy but could have been helped by a halfway decent hostess. The server then had to backtrack to the hostess stand to get me a menu and silverware. She also had to do this for a couple that came in after me and the hostess pointed towards the breakfast bar while continuing her talk with the 3 guys. 

Food: Fantastic 4.5 out of 5 I had a half order of eggs Benedict with 1 blueberry streusal pancake. Their made from scratch blueberry topping was amazing. Also their coffee cups are thick enough they retain heat. 

Service 3.5 out of 5. My server did a good job and was nice but seemed overwhelmed or over sat. 

I wouls love to give them 4 stars but unless they can change their staffing I am not sure I will even go back."
"The wait is 45 minutes to 1 hour. They give you 5 minutes to claim your table after you got their text message. So if you get the text, you have to skip the line and go straight to the front. They will give your table away at minute 6. My second tablech happened 10 minute later. 
So I ordered a Snooze breakfast burrito which came out 50 minutes later. The portion is big enough to fill you up. The sauce is excellent. The inside of the burrito is tasty. I didn't even need to add salt or pepper to it.
The service is good. I have my coffee refilled one time ( for another $3 ) without having to ask for.
In conclusion, if you don't mind for a small parking lot, long wait time then you will enjoy good food at a reasonable price."
"Snooze never lets us down. Beware there is ALWAYS a wait, but it's all good--You can grab a drink at the bar or hang out outside. I've been here a handful of times and the food is always good BUT their pancakes is what truly separates them from other breakfast/ brunch stops in the area. Be sure to try a pancake flight so you can try 3 of whichever pancakes/French toast you choose. Also be sure to ask your waiter what pancakes or French toast aren't featured on the menu. The drunken monkey French toast (chocolate banana) is amazing but is seasonal, and the Blueberry Danish pancakes are great as well."
"Anytime we visit Houston this is exactly where we stop by for brunch. Their mimosas are kind of pricey, but the best mimosas I've ever had so totally worth it. Have tried a number of different eggs Benedicts with different toppings and they're are all exquisite. What I really love about this place is that they are also always willing to work with you. If you want a half order of something or even mix and match two different types of dish they will do it for you! Love Snooze!"
"Rating based on our specific order and service. I love the idea of a pancake flight, but not when it takes nearly an hour to arrive after ordering. For some reason, our order was not placed with the kitchen until 30 minutes later. By the time our order arrived for a table of 5, we noticed two other tables had been seated after us but received their order before us. I understand Snooze's popularity, but on a Thursday morning brunch orders should not take that long. 
As for the flight, we ordered the sweet potato, pineapple upside down, and lemon poppyseed. While all nice concepts, execution was poor. The sweet potato just had some sweet potato shredded in more for aesthetic than taste. The 'sweet potato' part of it was the flavor--cinammon, maple syrup and butter. More sweet potato in the batter would have been appreciated. The pineapple wasn't bad, though our pancake had the pineapple mostly just concentrated in the center on top of the pancake rather than in the pancake itself. The poppyseed portion of the lemon popp7yseed was a joke, the poppyseeds were few and far between in the pancake--a mere sprinkle that didn't contribute the crunch associated with standard lemon poppyseed items. 
Snooze has potential, but needs to ensure that  it serves its brunch items in a timely manner expected of any other brunch place."
"Breakfast and brunch place if you're looking for some quality breakfast food in the Montrose area. However, they close at 2:30 so make sure to arrive early. I had to wait for a seat at the bar (open seating) but sometimes the wait is over an hour for one person. However, it'll be worth it once you sit down.

I ordered the blueberry danish pancakes, OMG French toast, and another pancake that was topped with bacon. The blueberry danish pancakes were delicious with a cream cheese filling, blueberry topping, and the other pancake tied into that with its flavor in the cinnamon. The French toast was cooked well, with fresh strawberries and coconut topping. I really enjoyed the way that everything I had was tied together for a wonderful breakfast.

I also had two eggs as a side order. You can get anything on the side for the same price. The people there will make you a good deal on getting 3 things for a little under $20, and that is a good deal. I always try to try something new every time I am here, but this dish seemed to be the hit of the breakfast party. I will for sure come back with someone to show them what wonderful breakfast and brunch options are here.

Parking is a bit of a pain; you may have to go down the street to find a spot since the lot is so small. However, you will enjoy the friendly staff and the great options here at Snooze."
"Good service, friendly staff, clean, wasn't too impressed with my choice of getting the green chili Benedict but the French toast the table next to me had looked really good.  Will be coming back to try it again."
"I had breakfast hear this morning with a friend and we loved it. We started by splitting a pineapple upside down pancake, then he had the egg white frittatas and I had the quinoa porridge. The pancake was superb, but could have passed for a dessert and it comes with cinnamon butter made in house. The frittata was a little under-cooked, but still delicious and the hashbrowns that came with it were cooked to perfection (crisp on the outside and soft on the inside) and they came with melted cheddar and green onions on top. My porridge was a combination of quinoa and oats and it was decadent, served with fresh cut peaches, maple syrup, and a dollop of whipped cream.

The decor was bright and cheery, as were the staff. Everyone was friendly and helpful. This business supports charities and works hard to be green and sustainable. The only down side is that parking is somewhat limited and it gets really loud, but if you are looking for a fun place to have breakfast, Snooze is perfect. It is great to have another wonderful breakfast option in Houston!"
"I had been hearing rave reviews about this place, and they didn't disappoint!! My wife had the upside down pineapple pancake and the corn beef hash....she LOVED it!! I had the peanut butter pancakes, molten chocolate pancakes, and french toast...it was the BOMB!!! Our server Safuwra was on point and super sweet!! Definitely  a new spot to dine at when in the Montrose area!!!"
"Forth or 5th in line this AM. Wish it opened sooner. Cook opened door at 0630, and welcomed us all, and friendly waitresses introduced themselves after I sat at the counter. Great round tables for seating also available. GREAT Boomtown (local) coffee! Music is fantastic!

Full bar for those needing more than coffee 0700 weekends, 1000 weekdays! Party On!

Fantastic white egg omelet (mushroom, babacoa, Swiss-filled). Had to restrain myself on carbs, but tried hash browns. Melt in yo mouth! Not greasy.

When will you open in The Woodlands!!!"
The food and staff are great - truly a place you want to frequent however parking and long waits can be a bit of a turn off.  I have a disabled loved one so I try to call ahead however their ability to pick up the phone is terrible at this location.  Disappointing and frustrating experience for customer service.
"This place is a MUST-GO! 

I have been to this location 3 times (always between 6:30 - 7:30 AM) and have not had a wait. I understand that is too early to be alive etc. but PANCAKES. 

The staff at this location is INCREDIBLE. They are sweet and really care about their customers, making sure they not only enjoy their food but also the experience. If the food was bad, I would still come back because of the staff.

PANCAKE GOALS. The most creative and delicious pancakes I have ever had and what are the chances that today was Snooze's pancake day! Highly recommend getting the Pancake Flight - you can try multiple pancakes in small sizes!

Juan's Tacos are delicious! 

*Vegetarian and dog (on the patio) friendly!"
"Easily, hands down my favorite go to breakfast spot! Everyone I bring loves it here too! I can't steer away from the pancake flight! If it isn't broke, I'm not going to fix it!"
"Had the Bella! Bella! Benny and the Blueberry Danish Pancakes with a friend. Both were delicious but definitely not worth the wait. We went on a Wednesday late morning and it was very crowded. More than a 45 minute wait and once you're in it is very rushed and crowded.

Food was great but I don't think it was worth the wait just to be rushed when you're eating anyways."
"This is one of my favorite breakfast go-tos. I look forward to the pancake of the day. Why do I like Snooze so much...well, I have Celiac and I have yet to find something on the menu that they could not accommodate my GF needs. Not too mention the food is delish. If you choose their basic breakfast, they put the Snooze spin on the traditional plate. Stop and take time with one of their many mimosas or their many bloody marys. You will not regret it. Staff is always wonderful and answer all of my questions that I may have. Enjoy!"
"I love Snooze!  I'm not even a breakfast person so that should speak volumes about how delicious the food is here.  The pineapple upside down pancake is perfection.  This pancake literally melts in your mouth. I'm not sure how a pancake can be light and fluffy yet moist and greasy at the same time but Snooze has figured it out.  My side of bacon didn't disappoint either.  Our waiter and the overall service during our first visit was impeccable.  Our waiter and service the second time was subpar.  The food on the other hand was consistent, so I'm giving Snooze 4 stars.  The wait time to dine here is lengthy, so resultantly Snooze loses 1 star."
"We enjoy Snooze because it's not the same old eggs, bacon and pancakes for breakfast! Some of their options are healthier than regular chain restaurants. Also, who doesn't like a flavor filled mimosa in the a.m.!"
"I went here yesterday around 10am with a friend. There was no parking in their lot, but we were both able to find parking on the street next to the restaurant. There was a 15-30 minute wait for a table even at 10am on a Thursday. The service was good, but pretty slow at times. I ordered the Flight with a side of hash browns and my friend got the Chilaquiles Benedict. We both enjoyed our food. I had the pineapple upside down, sweet potato, and cinnamon roll pancakes. The first was my favorite of the three, and the hash browns were great.

Overall it was a great outing with delicious food and good company. If the service was  bit better I would give it 5 stars."
"Hardly willing to wait in a line for anything so when a ""winter storm"" came through & Snooze was still open, I took the opportunity to come in. Snooze definitely deserves all the ""hype"" it get and I may just be convinced to wait in line in the future! Went with the regular eggs benedict & it was great. Staff is so sweet as well!"
"Nice spot right in the ce ter of the Montrose neighborhood. The wait was a bit long, but the food was good none the less. Definitely will do a round 2!"
"Had to check out this place!! The atmosphere is awesome,,the staff was very hospitable,,our server ,Mae, was fabulous and had superior knowledge of the menu,,besides the AWESOME service, the food is absolutely AMAZING!!I had the DRUNKEN MONKEY FRENCH TOAST!! I would highly recommend this establishment!!"
Amazing breakfast meals by far!!!! If you come early in the morning before 8am in the weekends you're safe to get a seat right away with minimum wait time. If you come later on yes there's a long wait but totally worth it. Great staff and the food is incredible!!!
"Hubby and I were in Denver a couple of years ago, and we stopped by Snooze there. There was a two hour wait so we ended up going elsewhere. Today, we decided to finally visit this newish location in my hometown. We waited 45 minutes. Was it tedious? Of course. But the food was sooo worth it. We now regret not having waited for two hours in Denver!
I had the Smashing Pumpkin pancakes with a side of sausage links and hash browns. My husband had the peanut butter cup pancake, I Am Sandwich, and hash browns. Every single bite was amazing! We've been spoiled now. IHOP and those other breakfast places will never enough! Do yourself a favor. Hold your tongue during the ridiculous wait time, and you'll be rewarded.

There is one thing I forgot to mention - The first time we went, I slipped as I was walking to the ladies' room, but I figured it was a fluke. However, we went again recently, and the same thing happened. I was wearing tennis shoes the first time and hiking boots the second so it was definitely the floor. I'm pregnant so it's especially worrisome. This is my *only* complaint."
"Get here before 8 on weekends, or learn to enjoy the waiting list.

Overall, very happy to have this fancy breakfast eatery in the 'hood. All ingredients were prime, from the coffee to the side of fruit and everything in between. The interior decor is flawlessly hip-retro, and the table service is more than adequate.

Since time immemorial, breakfast restaurants counted on making money on volume and turnover rather than margin. But now at the upper end of the breakfast market, it seems they are pushing more to increase margins, as in $9 for 3-ingredient omelette with a side of hashbrowns. The meats on the side (including very good sausage) are an extra $2.50-$3.50. So count on, like, $15 for an omelette, a side of bacon, and a cup of coffee. Throw in a tip and . . . well . . . did you say you were on an expense account? Was that what I heard?

You don't come here to save money, but it still counts as a good value."
"Karla served us this morning and she was so friendly and helpful.  I always get concerned dining out since I'm celiac and ask wait staff about their legitimate gluten free options.  I asked Karla what they had to offer and she was confident in her answers which is rare... usually people just guess or say ""ummm this should be gluten free"".  I ordered the OO LA LA Frittata and it was delicious but Karla also brought out a blueberry gluten free pancake with a lemon filling and blueberry/cream cheese topping.  This was amazing!!!  And... no flare ups!  She may not know if but her thoughtful gesture made my morning."
"Snooze has been a favorite brunch place of mine since I moved to Phoenix 1.5 years ago. The food is always delicious and I have loved every dish I've tried. My boyfriend loves sweet breakfasts and I love the savory options and there are always enough choices for the both of us. This time, we were seated and mind you a little hangry, and waited around 15 minutes before our server even approached our table for the first time. However, this was my only complaint and I suppose it was just a little mistake from a busy server.
This time I ordered the chili verde Benedict with Barbados style beef (which I like better than the slow cooked pulled pork). The eggs were perfectly cooked and runny, the creamy green chili Hollandaise had a little bit of a kick, and instead of an English muffin, the bottom is made of green chili and tortillas! 
My boyfriend ordered the pancakes of the day which were themed peppermint and chocolate (not quite sure of the official name). He loved his dish as well. While he wasn't the biggest fan of the peppermint marshmallows, the pancakes were fluffy and the chocolate sauce was delicious. It however would improve the dish just a little if they layered the chocolate sauce in between the pancakes as well as over the top!"
"This was a cute trendy spot to get brunch.  The eggs Benedict was great. I ordered the classic Benedict, but there are many variations to choose from which is great.  I am also a fan of their drink menu.  The mimosas were great as well as their morning cocktails!  I will definitely be a return customer!"
LOVED THIS PLACE!!! My friend had been talking about this place for weeks because she had been to the Austin location and loved it so I finally agreed. Waited over an hour for our table but IT WAS AMAZING! I got the snooze breakfast burrito with green chili AND ranchero sauce. I liked the green chili sauce better. My friend got juan's breakfast tacos. We both added veggies to it. We also got the blueberry danish pancakes. Sooo good! I love everything about this place from the people to the the ambiance to the food!
One the worse experiences I have had in a long time regrading breakfast. I order an omelette with veggies and bacon . Well it came  tis the table with mushrooms and onions ( where is my bacon)?  I went there because I smelled the bacon down the street and was very disappointed. The service was really terrible! My server came to the table one time out of the hour I sent my waiting on my so-called breakfast. In my opinion this place should closed immediately!!! If there were zero starts..... !!!
"OMotherFingG!!! This is best breakfast I've ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!! I saw the pictures on Yelp and instantly knew I had to try this place. The wait time was 30-45 mins on a Friday about 10AM. I was willing to wait. This place was packed but everyone was willing to wait. Good thing for street parking because they have a small parking lot. 

Love the layout, color scheme, friendly staff and most of all the food! We ordered the pancake of the day, Black Code, OMG French Toast, side of bacon, side of 1 egg and small OJ. 

The bacon was scrumptious, French Toast to die for and the Black Code Pancake was hypnotizing my taste buds!

This is the best breakfast spot I've ever been to and there is no other place that I could ever go to in Houston for my breakfast fix! 

I have to go back to try everything!!!!!!!!"
"Dine here with my father, and the manager brought my a newly added pancake.  If it's not newly added, it was brand new to me.  LOL.
That made my entire day.  She told me I was Beautiful, and wanted to buy me a pancake that has NEVER happened to me before ever.  I will always remember her.  Loved her energy just as much as she loved mines.

Plus this was my fathers very first time trying the companies food.
I order the shrimp and grits; I wasn't aware that it had sausage in it; I never been a fan of breakfast sausage.  They fix it, and got me crispy bacon instead; which I love!"
"Sigh. What an experience at Snooze. First mistake arriving super late.  Thanks to my always tardy friend.  We signed in at 1, waited for an hour and half.  I ordered the chilaquiles Benedict which were delicious!  Ate them up!  My friend and I shared a pancake flight.  We ordered pineapple upside down,  blueberry and  ginger French toast. The French toast was a dream, it was like cake. However,  I didn't like the pancakes. I thought they were doughy and undercooked. 
The service was terrible,  once we were seated it took awhile for the waiter to arrive. Additionally it was so packed that just a refill of water took forever. 
To sum it up: Not worth the hype."
Good breakfast food. Service was fine. We got there early but it appears to have a line all the time.  Which is good but also a pain
This place is amazing. I discovered the one in Denver and so happy they are here in Houston. Those pancakes......
Food was good. Wait was very long. Prices and portions ... so so I guess. Cute place though:).
"If you never had corn beef hash, this is the place to try. Unfortunately once you have their corn beef hash, you won't go anywhere else. The pineapple upside down pancake is also . I keep telling myself to try something new each time but I always end up getting the corn beef hash. There's usually a wait but it's worth it sometimes. Wish they have chicken and waffles. There's several locations in Houston. The one on Montrose does not have great parking but they recently opened one in the Galleria area which has more parking and the restaurant is a little bigger."
The vibe is great in this place. The food had great portions and was delicious. I hear they're opening one up at Clear Lake
"I love this place! It's best to go very early on weekends or during the week, because the wait for tables extends out of the door. I parked across the street at the strip center as Snooze's parking is very limited. The menu is so very creative and the food is absolutely amazing. I love that they support local farmers and vendors. They're listed in the menu. I had the Peach Cobbler Pancakes and Hashbrowns. The portions are great, I could not get over how fresh and delicious the chunks of peaches were. I'm definitely trying the Drunk Monkey French Toast next."
"A great place for brunch (if you don't mind waiting). Our waitress was super helpful. Their poppy seed pancakes were AMAZING. Prices are decent. Nice casual place, clean. If only there were more parking!"
"If you get the hash browns extra crispy, this just might be the best breakfast place in town."
"Overrated. Expensive for what it is. Nothing special. You are paying for the location, not so much the food. And did I say expensive for what it is?"
Long effin wait for 1!! (1 hour and 25 min on a Sunday) but it was well worth it! Best eggs Benedict I've ever had. Bella bella! Highly recommended. If you have the patience ;)
"Snooze Snooze Snooze, is bomb bomb bomb. Love this place. You wait about an hour or more on the weekend but the food definitely makes up for it . And the staff is so nice that you forget that you just waited an hour. Literally they brought us the best blueberry pancakes I have ever had in my life free of charge just for our wait. Our waitress was so amazing and made our experience there so good. My fiancé had a breakfast burrito and he loved it and I had French toast which was also amazing. Highly recommend this place, just be prepared to wait. Girls make sure you wear flats."
This place might have a line and a wait but there's a reason for it. If you love breakfast the menu is absolutely phenomenal. Sugar was our server and she is so pleasant. French toast to classic breakfast to egg whites fertitta. Delicious!! I will be back for the booze and bubbles over the weekend!
I hate lines. I think no restaurant is worth that long of a wait. There was a 15 minute wait on a Monday and i was grumpy but dear lord it was the most heavenly brunch of all brunches.
Came here with a few friends honestly I've been wanting to come here since i moved to the area. I am not impressed at all the service was horrible the waiter was rude... we did wait but that's anywhere. 2nd I had a hair in my food which is fine since again it is a restaurant and forgot my pancake order the food was ok possibly just a wrong day to go on.
Food was fresh and the environment was very trendy and vibrant! I enjoyed myself I'll be back!
"This is, hands down, one of the best brunch places I've tried in Houston!! The service and food is amazing and you get so much variety!! The only downsides are very limited parking (there is street parking) and VERY long wait times (expect 1 hr+ if you go after 9/10am with a party bigger than two on weekends)  

We got:
- Pancake flight: got their peach cobbler (AMAZING, has chopped peach inside the batter with sweet creamy topping), chocolate (crisp and warm chocolate chips and soft batter very good), and blueberry danish (lemon curd was such a good accent to this AND there's actually LOTS of blueberries inside!). Our friends also got the upside down pineapple pancake which was also amazing. Tasted like pineapple pie. 
- Benny duo: we go the chilaquiles (tender barbacoa on poblano sauce tortillas SO GOOD especially with the pico) and Bella Bella Benny (prosciutto with a yummy creamy sauce). Eggs were poached perfectly too!!

I'd highly recommend!!!! Everyone please go here :)"
"Sooooo freaking good. And they take modifications for those pesky vegetarians that want traditional breakfast comfort food without all that gross flesh cooked in it

So when I say good I mean like you hear the hype, you see the line, you roll your eyes and think, I'm no sucker, it's breakfast, how different can it be from that average place down the street that serves bomb mimosas??!! I mean after a couple of those you can't tell a difference, right?! WRONG. This place will make you want to set your alarm and enroll in college classes classes again just so you can beat the crowd ( or stay up and never go to sleep depending on how you roll, no judgement)

Anyway we ordered take out and cheated and the food was still tasty, fresh, satisfying, and CORRECT. I'm going back ASAP"
"Came here again recently and had another scrumptious experience. The wait, however, was not so. I was quoted a 45 minute wait and ended up waiting a little over an hour. They don't have full control over how fast people eat but I'd always prefer to over-estimate than under. 

We attempted to get some drinks at the bar while we waited but after standing under the ""order here"" sign for over 20 minutes, we decided to simply wait it out sans cocktails. The bar seemed to be only able to handle the drinks for those seated and not for those waiting. When I walked away from the ""order here"" sign, another girl took my place and I saw she resigned after similar difficulties. 

Full disclosure: This was the Saturday after a hurricane when not many restaurants were open. It was around 11:30 or noon.

Once we (finally) we're seated the food was great! I got the breakfast pot pie which was so delicious! I recommend for any savory breakfasters! The spicy Bloody Mary was too spicy for my tastes and I ended up not finishing it but I think that was a personal thing. My S.O. was unimpressed with his omelet but he was attempting to be healthy and didn't exactly order with ""delicious"" in mind so I think he's partly to blame.

Our service was slow even once seated but I do think it was a particularly busy day and our waiter also had a large party he was accommodating for so I tried to be understanding.

All in all: I think the food is great and when you're seated I do feel like the service is fine. I've come during the week and had better experiences but I certainly won't be back on a weekend. It's not worth it to me."
Just ok. Server was overwhelmed. Coffee was cold and took a while to come. The sauces were amazing. Food was hit or miss. Indifferent about going back.
"Parking sucks, wait is long 30-45 minuets, but parking down the street, and the long wait is worth it. Service is excellent, our server was very attentive, asking to top off our coffees, and kept checking in on us. The food was amazing as always, I had the Quinoa Breakfast Bowl, very good for someone trying to eat light. Everyone else enjoyed their breakfast as well."
Great food but terrible wait times!  Recommend a flight of pancakes - the pumpkin was special!  Loved the Boom Town coffee as well.
"I arrived at a perfect time, with no line I had a choice of seating, and my server got to me promptly. I immediately noticed the noise and volume of the 'music.' After reviewing over other posts I conclude the volume is deliberate, to deter 'lingering.' It worked on me, my ears are still ringing from the din.  They lost one star for that. Otherwise, the service as I said (Alex), was eggzellent. The menu intriguing, and my meal special. Oh, and the coffee was better than average for a non-coffee shop.

I'll be back"
"This place is great! It's one of my favorite breakfast restaurants in Phoenix.

Every time I have gone it has taken a long time to get seated. When you finally are seated, however, it's well worth the wait. The staff are all so friendly and if you joke with them they will joke right back. It's a pretty casual chain with the waiters wearing t-shirts and everything is super chill. Wait time for the food itself isn't too bad. Not as bad as the wait time to be seated. The prices are a little high but what I've found is that most high quality breakfast chains are.
Convenience: 5/10 (but worth it!)

The food is out of this world. Everything that I have tried seemed to be cooked to absolute perfection. My favorite thing to get here is the spinach and mushroom omelet. It's so good! Every time I take someone new they are so impressed with the quality of the food and are so happy I introduced them to this place.
Taste: 10/10 for sure

Overall I'd rate Snooze 5/5. The place is nice, clean, and tastes good. Everything I want in a breakfast chain and more!"
"If you're lucky enough to avoid the long lines and snag a table, or if you're willing to wait, it's definitely worth it!

We came around 11 AM on a weekday (since I played hookie) and it was about a 20-25 min wait. Not too bad, but was still surprised with it being a weekday. Parking was a bit of a situation since they have limited spots in their parking lot and so we had to drive around and around to find street parking. 

But once you're seated, you're golden. They had so many delicious options to choose from I couldn't decide if I wanted pancakes or benedicts. So I ordered both! But when it came down to choosing a Benedict, I couldn't. Luckily they had the combo option! So I went with the Benny Goodman (lox style) and the Chilaquiles (barbacoa). Omg, get the Benny Goodman!! The cream cheese hollandaise is to die for! Everything was so creamy and tangy... it just married so perfectly. My husband who isn't normally a fan of benedicts love this one. This one just had that pop of flavor that I didn't quite get from the Chilaquiles. Although it was still good, I enjoyed the lox style more. 

We also got the peanut butter cup pancake. Wow, so creamy! I've never really had pancakes without syrup before, but this one didn't need it. For some reason I was expecting it to taste more like Reese's peanut butter cup, but I would say it just taste more like creamy peanut butter. I still really enjoyed it while it fell a bit flat for my husband. So I'd say don't knock it until you try it! Can't wait to come back and try other menu items now!"
"Great food and hipster ambiance.  Didn't really care for the tattooed host... he was somewhat rude and not friendly.  Maybe it's b/c they are always very busy, but that IS your job.... to seat folks and be pleasant.  If you can't handle the crowd and be pleasant, wash the dishes in the back.  Just sayin'..."
"Best place to have your breakfast. So much variety!  Food quality and service is top notch. Be prepared to be in a long line if you plan to dine after 8am.  But i assure you, it's all woth it!"
Such a DELICIOUS breakfast/brunch spot! Sometimes the wait is very long but honestly it's so worth it!
Wow! A nice breakfast restaurant. But you better get there super early. Like 7am. The lines get really crazy and the parking is outrageous. But the food is amazing. It's worth getting up early and hunting for a place to park. Those pancakes melt in your mouth. Trust me
"Snooze is amazing. I was ecstatic after moving from Austin this summer to find that Snooze was also in Houston! Great customer service, outstanding food and free coffee to drink while waiting in line. The only thing that sucks about this place is the parking! But if you live nearby, walking would be my recommendation."
Came here on a Friday around 9:15am and there was only a 15 minute wait. There is complimentary coffee while you wait which is nice. I had the Breakfast Potpie topped with your choice of egg. It was good but really flaky. My boyfriend had the chilaquiles Benedict. That was amazing! I would definitely recommend getting that. It's very flavorful. Our waiter was very quick and attentive. Perfect breakfast/brunch place with nice ambience.
"My wife and U had breakfast at Snooze and it's quite the lively place. Good energy generated by all who work there. They have an excellent menu with a wide selection of choices including a full bar with all the drink choices. Our server was friendly and attentive. I had an order of buttermilk pancakes with a side of sausage links and my wife had an order of Danish pancakes and also a side of sausage links. The sausage tasted great and the pancakes also had a good taste to them but they were a bit on the dry side. They are extremely dense caused them to be on the dry side. They need to be ""fluffier "". They are very busy on Saturday mornings so if you're looking for a quick get in and get out this is not the place for you. Don't give them a negative rating because you felt it took long to get your food. If you need to eat quick bite to eat go to McDonald's not a good place like Snooze."
"Great atmosphere and even though it was busy, our wait staff was attentive, helpful with menu suggestions, and checked back on us regularly for any additional needs. 
First time for this spot but have been to their other locations and pleased to say the high standards are across the board. Fantastic food and beverage selections with their own take on a couple dishes that proved to be amazing."
"Pineapple upside down!! OMG!! No more words needed!! 

Be prepared to wait! Was quoted 2 hours however I found a pair of seats after waiting for about 30 minutes. I will definitely be back after the hype dies down a little for Sunday Bruch!"
"This is probably the best breakfast brunch place in Houston. The wait is always long but I'd say it was worth are 2 hour wait any day. We had a large party and got to try lots of food. Everything tasted sooo yummy. Service and food were both 5 stars!! We had Megan as our server and she was friendly, outgoing and overall exceptional! I'd ask for her! Don't be discouraged by the wait it's well worth it! You never know you might get the special surprise! Enjoy!"
"I don't know why this place is so highly rated. The host was barely friendly, and hardly even looked at us when he spoke. Told us we'd have a 20 minute wait, and then we waited 40 before we got sat. It took a long time for our server to come to our table so we ordered immediately once he arrived. We ordered waters and one coffee to drink and after waiting just over 20 minutes we decided to leave since we hadn't even received our glasses of water yet. The food sounded good, but it wasn't worth it the stay and find out. Very disappointing experience. And it was a Monday. Can't imagine a weekend. If anyone asks me, I'll tell them to avoid this place for sure."
"Y'all best not be hitting that snooze button if you want to check out this place, and yes, the hype is real! Snooze is officially one of my favorite places to go for breakfast and brunch. They have such an array of dishes to choose from that you can legit go in multiple times in a week and try something new and even have the confidence that it'll be bangin'. 

My go-to dish would have to be the Benny Goodman. Sweet Lord praise. It is just heaven on earth with an explosion of flavor of the salmon, eggs, hollandaise and hints of that sun-dried tomato and capers. With a side of crunchy and not too salty hash browns, this dish is lit. You can even go the extra mile and pair it with a mimosa to be extra basic; you do you. I've also tried the Bella! Bella! Benny, which was good, a little on the salty side to my tastes, but good nonetheless. If you're looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, try the French Toast Neat! Simple but to the point. 

I implore you to get on this hype train! If you're not a breakfast person, Snooze will make you be."
"Matt and I love to eat lunch here!!! The Pineapple Upside Down Pancake is the bomb! The hot chocolate, the toast, the bacon are amazing. Pricey and the wait can be long but totally worth it!"
"Brunch here is worth the wait. 

I usually opt for the classic, but I sub the toast for the pancake of the day, or one of their menu pancakes. Just enough sweet and savory to make this girl smile for the rest of the day. 

The blueberry danish pancake has been my favorite so far. Sooooo delicious. 

I also like that their coffee is ethically sourced, and it's pretty darn good.

Service has been consistently good. Definitely a fan!"
"The service was great. Our waiter was really attentive even with the other tables. They have good coffee, large tables and good food. It was surprisingly filling for the small plate that I had I couldn't finish it. It is a great brunch spot definitely bring your friends. They are kid friendly ready with Crayolas and paper to keep the munchkin busy. All in all it was a pleasant experience or definitely go back"
A Great reinvent of the classic traditional breakfast diner.  Very busy at peak times.
"Excellent food but long wait. Drinking French toast and OMG French toast are amazing. Go with the combo Benedict if you can't choose just one. 

We waited 2 hours for a party of 6 on Sunday. 

Minus one star for phone to go line not working."
"It wasn't as busy as I've often seen it but they had a full house when we got there. It took almost 20 minutes before the server took our order. She never brought my daughters apple juice.  My glass had lipstick on it but fortunately, I had my own water bottle to drink water. Our food took a very long time as well and when it finally came out, my order was wrong. It was supposed to be a gluten free pancake but it was not. That could have been really bad. It took a REALLY long time to get the replacement pancake and when it finally arrived, I had about 5 minutes to eat as we needed to get to an appointment soon. I ate some of my gluten free pancake and it was really awful. I've eaten GF pancakes there before and they were really good. This pancake was gritty and just had a really weird taste. Needless to say, I ate about 3 bites. I let the server know it tastes funny and she informed me they changed the GF pancake flour. That is too bad because the prior gluten free pancakes were pretty darn good as GF goes. The new ones are gritty, leave a film in your mouth and have a very funky taste. I'm sad because this was my go to place for GF pancakes. I won't be back now that there is so few items I can eat there with pancakes no longer an option.  I think the server was going to try to get a manager over to see about making it right but it was taking awhile and  since everything took so long, we didn't have time to wait and had to leave."
So far the best BOOZIE BRUNCH ever! Totally worth the wait! Classic brunch menu with a twist at very reasonable prices.
"Horrible parking and horrible lines...but...never seems to be an issue because the food is just that good! Pancake flights, Benny's and much much more. I would recommend sharing a pancake flight with the table and getting anything with their breakfast sausage (season on site and really good.) Try to stay entertained with the wait  and you will not be sorry after tasting the food!"
"One of our favorite breakfast spots. Love the mimosas. The wait is a little long on the weekends, but plenty of things to keep the kiddos interested."
A cute breakfast and lunch place. The service is good as well as the food. Good people.
"The service and food was amazing. We have two little ones and though the crowd is young and the place was packed the staff made our experience great. My husband had the Snooze Burrito and I had the OMG French Toast and Sweet Potato Pancake, I gave the Original Pancake to my little one. OMG is right, we never finish our plates..we scraped them here eating everything on every inch of the plates. Phenomenal service and flavor! Leah was the best, not sure if she's the manager but she was so accommodating. She saw us waiting outside with our kids to be seated and she brought us all ice cold water and updated us on our seats. She stopped by our table later to inquire about our experience. Customer service is rare in this day and age, but I'm glad to know that Snooze cares!"
"Reviewing for a visit today--having tried the pancakes last visit, I decided to try a savory item and settled on the sweet potato hash. Wow was I surprised, and not in a good way. Looking at others' reviews, a common issue was undercooked sweet potatoes. That wasn't the case this time, but instead the cubes of sweet potato were uniformly soft. And while nothing on the menu description suggested vinegar (the sauce listed is honey Cholula), there was an overwhelming vinegar flavor permeating the entire dish. The two poached eggs had runny yolks but oddly rubbery whites. Overall, this dish left me missing a solid crispy texture with salt rather than vinegar as the main seasoning. Perhaps this dish would do well to have an updated description so expectations better match reality. From these two visits, I would recommend that visitors stick with what Snooze is most popular for; their pancakes. They are fun and innovative flavors and descriptions are generally accurate. Snooze has potential!"
We loved our breakfast at snooze! It's great that you can choose 3 pancake flavors in one plate of two eggs Benedict styles in one plate. OJ wasn't great next time I'll pass and get a Bloody Mary!
Wish I could eat this place everyday. I had the French toast and the way they dressed up my plate was marvelous. Probably best French toast I ever had.
"One of the Breakfast Spot in the town! It was my first time here but I was blown away and completely satisfied . We ordered avocado Benny (egg benedict on on toasted bagel with mashed avocado) and Pancake Flight (three pancakes of your choice; we got pineapple, chocolate chip, and cinnamon roll). Both were delicious and filling portions (see pic). I would highly recommend it!"
"This place is the bomb!! And apparently a lot of other people think so too...got there around 8:30 on Sunday, and ended up waiting about 40 mins for a table. They offer free delicious coffee while waiting which is a plus. 

After finally getting a table I had the eggs Benedict- amazing! And the hash browns were really tasty. Hubs got a plate that consisted of hash browns stuffed with two breakfast meats, topped with cheese and two sunny side up eggs... (Forgot the name) Unfortunately they left the eggs under the heat lamp too long and they went from sunny side up to rubbery overcooked eggs. The manager came by and took care of us so no stars deducted :) 

I will be back... One day when I wake up earlier to avoid the long line... and have a sweet tooth (because I really want to try the pancakes) preferably with friends as this is a great brunch place with a small group of 4-6."
I love this place. It's pretty great. So great in fact that I had some chocolate all over my face when I left and It thought that was pretty amazing. Maggi with an (i) is super friendly and a great server. Pancake flight with Drunk'n monkey is A++ Let's be honest I love breakfast. Generally i'm an impatient person but some how I was able to wait 30 minutes for my meal. Was it worth it? Some would say No. However I totally say YES. The bacon was so crisp and just the right shade of golden toasty goodness. So I guess this place is pretty ok.
"I've been here a couple times, both on a weekend, both with a group of 4 or more. I highly recommend coming early to get your name in or just be aware there's going to be quite a wait. Both occasions it was over an hour. But is it worth it?? Yes! Breakfast food is my favorite & they know what they're doing. Nice portions, great flavors & if you have a sweet tooth, this is the place to be! They're kind of known for their amazing french toast & pancakes, at least among my friends. The atmosphere is causal & bright! It can get really loud which works well if you're in a group or have kids with you. & even though they're extremely busy, service seems to keep up! Once seated we didn't have to wait very long to get drinks or have our orders taken."
"Always lively always packed on the weekends. Once you push past people standing everywhere the front desk staff are incredibly sweet and efficient. It didn't take too long to get a table for four. Decor is bright and energetic a bit too bright before my coffee for my taste. Our server was incredibly nice and the coffee was good as always. Servers are always busy so they don't hover over you, it did take a little amount of time to get her attention after discovering a lipstick stain on a friend's coffee mug (kind of gross but stuff happens) My partner had the steak benny, hanger steak on cheddar grit cakes with asparagus, mushrooms and tomato. He said the vegetables were good the steak was a little salty for some reason. The friend with the lipstick stain had the Huevos Rancheros and really liked it, our other friend just had basic eggs and hash browns. I had the ""breakfast pot pie"" and let's say it looked better than it tasted....it was okay don't get me wrong but as in other visits the rosemary sausage gravy had little taste. The eggs were excellent, puff pastry was okay, hash browns lackluster. I like snooze so I am going to keep trying new things but I am officially done with the gravy!"
"Probably my favorite brunch place in Houston. The food is awesome and so is the atmosphere! Our waitress was Amanda and she was super sweet! Also, you should totally try the sweet potato pancake. I never eat sweet potato anything, but this pancake was to die for."
Snooze spuds deluxe ! Amazing! We first tried this place in Colorado. We were looking on yelp for good restaurants in Houston and Snooze happened to pop up. Parking is pretty minimal and off busy street. Luckily we found good parking and only waited 10 min to be seated. Everyone is so friendly and very happy to explain the menu to you. OJ was sooo good. None of that simply made or whatever. All natural stuff. Cage free eggs. Would def go there again when I the area for a hearty breakfast!
"The food is great, but the wait times are obnoxiously long. I've been here on several Saturday mornings, and it always takes about 30 minutes to be seated, and then another 30+ minutes to get your food. This works out well if you're meeting for brunch since the coffee is free, and you have plenty of time to talk, but if you're hungry NOW, look elsewhere. 

Oh, parking is practically non-existent. I think they have a dozen spots out front, but their restaurant seats 100+. Not sure they thought that through too well. Don't be surprised if you have park 4 blocks away."
Snooze is one of my favorite brunch spots - even though it's a chain- this place fits in anywhere it is! Make sure to try the elote Benny! It's the best thing I've ever eaten.
Returned for solo breakfast on early Monday morning. Happy to know that I could order a 1/2 order of any of their benedicts! I'll keep coming back for that.
"Had a really pleasant experience here this morning. I had the make your own omelette which tasted like perfection. The service was top-notch, our server was extremely attentive and friendly!

The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is simply due to the wait. Granted this is expected at any popular spot, but it seemed like the wait was unnecessarily long compared to the number of us waiting."
Everything on the menu is delicious. Their pancakes are a must try! Their service is quick and friendly!
Ate at one in Denver which was awesome!! Decided to try this location... very long wait and food wasn't as good. Better than most breakfast locations near that area tho.
"Really liked this place, great corned beef hash, which for some reason is hard to find in the Houston area."
"I don't understand why people say it's pricey, because you will pay the same for this delicious food as an ihop... so not sure why a 11-15 is pricey to them (coming from a college student) I was greeted nicely by the hostess, took a seat at the bar and was also greeted immediately by the bartender, she was prompt and took my order, the food took a while though, but the margarita I had was pretty good and strong! And my food was very delicious! Will come back again, fortunately there was no wait for me this time, but I'm ready to wait if it means having the same experience I did my first time."
"Had a morning inservice at a hospital that got pushed to 8. Which is fine, leaves my time to find new joints and be a glutton over food. 

I've been to their location and Austin and fell in love. Place had amazing food there. The Austin layout was great, booths were nice. The bar seating made sense. Was a good experience. 

This place was really weird. The bar seating had awkward stick outs in places that made the end seat unbearable. And what annoyed my absolutely the most: they were playing trash rap music with no complaints while eating breakfast. Okay sure if you like the new ""rap"" then you probably wouldn't have minded. But as 90's kid, this rap is pure trash. But that's not what's bad, enter sandman from the iconic band Metallica started to play. Finally some tunes worth listening to. The manager changed it. Just really hurt the ole heart. Rap is okay. But not metal. So minus a star. 

The food was great! Don't see why it was a 4.00 upcharge for a pancake over their hash browns. Prolly the same cost for each but whatever. 

Coffee is good, food is great. Seating is okay. And they don't like metal. 3 stars."
"This is hands down one of my favorite breakfast places in Arizona, the waiting time is totally worth it. I love coming here for their pancakes and hash brows, it's a great place to come with friends and enjoy a great brunch. If you haven't been here you haven't tried amazing breakfast and mimosas! Cheers to great food !"
"Came here this morning and it was fantastic! The service was really great and the food was delicious! The host was really nice and gave us seating right away for the two of us and the waitress we had was super nice and friendly! I had the snooze spuds deluxe and my bf had the three egg omelette, and they were both really good! Definitely recommend the snooze spuds deluxe if you love hash brown with egg on top!"
"This place has potential but the three times I've been here it's been seriously lacking. They don't take reservations so you usually have to wait 40 minutes to an hour or more for a table. Okay, that's fine. The service is what really sucks. They're inattentive for starters and they're always in a hurry and will literally walk away as your talking and inevitably get your order wrong. Today we went for breakfast and I ordered an iced chai.. when they brought it I took a sip and noticed there was lipstick on the rim right where I drank from. Disgusting. We waited for the waiter to finally return from flirting with the girl at the next table. My plan was to tell him about the lipstick and ask for a water instead (the chai was too sweet for me anyway) with a straw. As I start to tell him he's too busy literally walking away from me and making a joke while talking over me about how it's his shade of lipstick that he didn't hear my order. So the bar runner brought a new chai and dropped it off so fast I didn't even have the chance to say anything. Our food arrived by a runner, our server was still flirting, and it was cold. They didn't give us silverware and we waited for 15 more minutes before I decided to just get up and find some. I literally walked up to the server station. 

The last time we were here the server spilled a tray of three mimosas all over my fiancé's lap and brand new white sneakers. Their apology was a free pancake that none of us wanted. His sneakers are ruined and you know those aren't cheap. 

It's a shame cause the food can be good when it's warm but the people who work there really don't give a damn."
"The food is so good but I'm really tired of getting such poor service. Every time I come I hope the service will be better, but again today I was disappointed. The culture of the staff is one of cockiness and an attitude of treating the customer as a nuisance. There are many places to get breakfast around the Montrose area without the wait staff treating you as ""...you should be so lucky to eat here."""
"I had to lower east sider it was so good really cute, and perfect portion."
"Good place! Loved the decor! Parking horrible!!!!!!
Would consider not going again just because of parking! Went on a Wednesday morning at 10:00, can't imagine what it would be like on a weekend! Food good but not great! Daily grill omelette so much. Enter!"
"Wow wow wow wow. Amazing. Best breakfast I've ever had. I even waited 55 minutes to be seated and it was still worth it. I got the Ham Benedict and Chilaquiles Benedict with their amazing hash browns. The Chilaquiles one was seriously the best Benedict I've ever had. Every single bite of that meal was heavenThe women next to us split the breakfast burrito and I definitely want to try that next time. Also, really wanna try some of their amazing pancake creations. I plan on going back lots more! . I think my favorite part about the restaurant besides the food was the music and vibe inside. It made going to breakfast seem really fun. Really affordable, too!"
Had one blueberry pancake that took up the whole pancake and was delicious! I love that you can order just one pancake and they can make it gluten free. Keep in mind they sprinkle the pancake with powered sugar. Also had the hash browns which are not crispy but are quite tasty. My friend had the goldilocks porridge which is oatmeal with just about everything. Definitely recommend the place! Come early to avoid the wait or be prepared to sit at the bar.
My new favorite brunch spot! The food was well worth the wait!!! Soooo good. You can't go wrong here.
"Never does this place ever cease to satisfy your breakfast cravings. The menu, extensive. The food: delectable, with a variety of sweet and savory options. If you're starving for a belly bursting breakfast, definitely try it out!

A few worthwhile mentions:
- OMG French toast (5/5): OMG says it. The perfect combo of soft, and sweet. If you dont try anything else, GET THIS. 
- sweet potato pancakes (4/5): fluffy, the size of your face (and probably bigger). syrup 
-spuds deluxe (4/5): savory blend of potatos, bacon, egg, avocado. 
- a la carte fruit and toast (4/5): simple, yet fresh.

Service is fast and friendly. However, I had to subtract one star for the wait and parking. I'd definitely recommend coming here early or be prepared for a long wait. We came as a large party of 8 on an early Friday morning right around opening time, and only waited 20 minutes for a table. However by the time we were leaving, the restaurant was already packed. Parking is abysmal. The Snooze is tiny, so you're left to street park at your own discretion."
"Amazing brunch, fantastic cocktails. I don't think you can go wrong with the menu - especially liked the carnitas benedict and the banana bread french toast. My only complaint: please take reservations. The wait would have been 1.5 hrs if we hadn't been willing to sit outside."
Took my bff for a birthday brunch it was yummy! Good food but does get busy busy. Get there early to avoid the crowd. Pups are welcomed.
"My friend heard of Snooze before so we decided to stop by for brunch, and boy was it a good decision. The food here is soooo tasty, the ratings weren't lying! I'll divide up my review into two sections below.

Food/Drink: Snooze has many breakfast cocktails to choose from, including many types of Bloody Mary's and mimosa flavors. The White Peach Bellini was refreshing and not too sweet. My friend got the Bangkok, which she said was a little salty compared to average bloodys. I got the Ham Benedict III and substituted the hash brown for a side of the OMG French Toast (w/o coconut shavings). The eggs Benedict was very flavorful! The french toast was to die for and the caramel sauce had just the perfect hint of burnt undertones to it. The portion sizes were filling and not overwhelming like other breakfast spots. 

Atmosphere: The shop itself is quite large; there are circle-shaped booths near the front so this would be a perfect location for a group brunch! The shop also has a retro-feel to it, and the orange accent color is very fitting.

For those of you looking for your next brunch spot in Houston, Snooze is worth a visit!"
"Pay close attention to the reviews that speak to the subpar food. I'm not sure how one ruins breakfast, but my one and only experience here included just that. I went last Saturday morning around 7:45. I'd seen the ridiculous lines and didn't want any part of it. My timing was great as there was no wait. A server that I absolutely loved at another restaurant stopped by my table and we talked for awhile before she took my & my friend's drink orders. A couple of minutes after she stepped away, a different server came to the table and said while the server we knew had let her know of our acquaintance, she...not the young lady we knew, would be our server. The intense attitude dripping from her words should have been an indication of what was to come. She brought our drinks and started to explain the menu...except she was talking at us & not to us. She spoke only of dishes that she liked and cut us off whenever we tried to speak. We finally order the Benny Duo..one with ham; the other with lox...and the Spud something (fancy name for hash)with bacon and chicken sausage. Twenty minutes later we received room temperature food. All of it. Nothing on either plate was the correct temperature of hot. The ham on the one Benny was a thin slice of grocery store deli meat. The one slice of lox on the other was diced up so fine and completely flavorless. As was the hollandaise sauce. We couldn't find the bacon in the hash and I promise that whatever they called chicken sausage simply wasn't chicken sausage. We're still trying to figure out what that meat was. Throughout all of this...no server. When she finally came by and asked if we were ok we told her what was wrong with the food. She simply said ok and took the plates away. She never came back. A manager stopped by a few minutes later. We explained to her what the issues were and she comped the check. By this time it's 9am and we hadn't eaten breakfast. We left and went to Katz's. On the way out, we walked past a parking lot full of people waiting for a table. I will never go back. I simply have no reason."
"Let me start by saying our server could not been more pleasant and attentive.  
Our first time in and we ordered one Juan's Breakfast Taco and one Ranchero.
The eggs in the breakfast taco were rubbery, not tender and barely warm.
The tacos were the type that have a very strong, not pleasant warm corn scent and were tough (over cooked?), the chopped tomato was anemic, hot house variety and the green mash in a small bowl next to the tacos had no resemblance to guacamole ( no identifying flavors) Very disappointing as a friend had recommended.  The best thing about the experience was a very playful bird who stole sugar packets and removed paper wrapped straws  from the side table.  Would go again to watch these bird antics but would sit outside  away from the restaurant."
"Pho Huynh - Vietnamese Noodle Soup Restaurant just opened today.  My daughter and I had lunch there.  It was a nice dining experience.  Good food.  Good atmosphere.  We will definitely be going back.

(832) 759-5713

535 FM 2977 #128 (I believe this is Benton Rd)
Rosenberg, TX  77469"
"I really enjoyed the pancake flight and the steak Benny.  They showcase a very eclectic menu and a cozy, diner-style eatery.  The wait staff was very friendly.   My only gripe is the wait to be seated because this place is pretty popular.  I do think it's worth the wait though."
"This is a great place for Sunday brunch or weekday breakfast. Just be ready to struggle with parking, since their parking lot is quite small and most likely you'll end up street parking. The wait time was not bad at all and you always have the option to sit on the bar. The waiting staff is very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. Everything I ordered was amazing."
"Too many other options for this foolishness.  Trying to park for twenty minutes. Table wait +60 minutes?  No, I'm good.  Service and food were good. Get the pancakes or French toast. Bacon is good, go crispy. We will not be back. Breakfast stress is not the way to start the day. 

2-14-2017 Business partners in today and two of them wanted to eat at Snooze. Called for information and was on hold for ten minutes when we hung up. Went to the Breakfast Klub and was impressed. Snooze, it does not matter how good your product is as you will be out of business if you take your customers for granted. Now there are four more people who will not be back."
Best breakfast/brunch food I've had since moving to Houston a few weeks ago. The pancakes were soooo good and thick. Definitely one is enough. The bacon was absolutely incredible and the hash browns. I will for certain be back frequently.
"This is a great place to go for brunch, if you don't mind the wait! They have several drinks to choose from, and they keep them coming!  They also have knorks(heavy-duty forks made to cut through meat)!  If you love pancakes, you must try the Blackberry Crumble(?) Pie pancakes!  They are superb!!!"
"Always a hit with the family. It's always delicious and so tasty. 

We love snooze at all their locations in Arizona and California. We have been to each location. Several times and never seemed to disappoint. 

Yummy and we will be back."
"Good pancakes! Spud potatoes mixture is a must! Only downside, there were flies all over the restaurant and not wait the absurd wait time!"
I just sat down. Quoted wait time is understandable. But host staff is unacceptable. They don't smile they don't acknowledge or say hi. And the black young female just walks around moping around doing nothing and talking to staff and personally sat one of her friends. That is the only time she smiled. That doesn't bode well for return visits from anyone. Food is good but service will kill.
"So much better than my experience in ft Collins. We st art the bar staff was super friendly, very helpful, and fulfilled all of my requests with a genuine smile. Food was fantastic also my bloody Mary was of the chain good. We'll be back for sure. Now to try the one in Austin."
We waited months before we finally could get in and I'm so glad we didn't give up. This place is awesome. We went for my 21st birthday and they definitely didn't skimp  I got the 3 different pancakes to try from and wow! They were soooooo good. We can't wait to come back.
"We visited Snooze this morning and found the restaurant disappointing. We had a great waiter with a great smile and she took our drink quickly, two cappuccinos. It took about 20 minutes to get our morning joe and to say the coffee lukewarm would be a stretch. We're waiting and waiting and our food was slow to appear. Finally over 20 minutes later the food arrived. I had ordered my eggs sunny side up and the eggs were cooked so hard, i had to use a knife and fork. The corned beef hash was overcooked and crunchy. We wanted another cappucino but it took so long to get the first ones we would not have received
 them before we finished our meal. Snooze has a great menu but the service is lacking. There are better places to spend your money in Montrose. If you're in a hurry, pass on Snooze!"
I've been to Snoozes in Colorado and this one did not compare. They didn't even tell us the pancake of the day and the hash browns were extremely mushy. The service wasn't as great as it is at other ones. The pluses were that we got in and out cause there wasn't a wait at 830am. The nitro cold brew was good though and would definitely suggest. The Bella Bella Benny was delicious and they had gluten free French toast which was also good.
"I have eaten at Snooze several times and keep going back, because I love it so much!  The staff is friendly and gives excellent service.  I love the healthy options, too.  It's hard to pick a favorite, everything I've eaten here is wonderful.  They use only fresh ingredients, are socially conscience and give back to the communities around them.  Parking can be a pain at this location, but it's definitely worth it!  Hands down, this is one of my favorite places for brunch!"
"I'm slightly obsessed with Snooze to the point that I will order on FAVOR if I know the wait will be too long. Sorry. 

I have yet to be let down by anything I've eaten. My staple is the OMG French Toast (Half Size) & The Snooze Spuds Deluxe (Half Size)...Yes you can get half size of things people...

When I have out of town guests, I make sure we find time to hit up Snooze. YUM YUM."
"Service: Yes, as other reviews have mentioned, the wait time can be ridiculous. If you are a single diner, opt for the ""bar side"". I went on a weekday early noon by myself and sat at the bar. No wait. Waitress was attentive and friendly.

Parking: Limited. I parked across the street curbside. Pay attention to no parking zones and hours.

Food: COME HUNGRY. I ordered the Benny Duo (Ham Benedict III, Chilaquiles Benedict, hash browns). This can easily be shared with 2 people...but I'm selfish and have a bottomless pit. Probably enough calories for the week, but super delicious overall. They have this green hot sauce from Austin I love, so if you like the citrus-spicy flavor, then check this sauce out.

Should you wait in line for food for a long time? Lol, no. I don't. But you can avoid the long wait line by coming in super early or just dining by yourself at the counter."
"So disappointed. Comparable to a college cafeteria.  Loud, dirty, in your face phony smiling staff. Dirty, torn menus and very slow kitchen. All this at 1030 weekday. Parking nightmare. Speciality sweet potato pancakes were so heavy they could sink a small ship.  Heavy with a caramel syrup and candied nuts. Death by sugar."
"Love snooze! Their eggs Benedict options are my favorite. I have yet to try their pancake flights as I have been obsessed with the Benedict's. There's many options to choose from and they are all good. Also, their mimosas and bloody Mary's are delicious."
"Superior grub at an excellent value.  Sure, the wait can be excessive. But that's bc, as I may have mentioned, it's superior grub at an excellent value. I have waited much longer for much less delish. If you're truly committed--show up pre-7:30am and avoid the wait altogether.  We will be back--next time at 6:31am."
"Finally got the chance to pay a visit thanks to my best friend's visit to Houston. This place is the bomb diggity but beware of the long queue.

We got here around 1:30pm and weren't seated until 2:15pm. While we were waiting, we hung out at the bar and I got a Mayan mocha. It had chocolate (obvs), espresso, and some sorta liquor that I wasn't familiar with, but it was phenomenal. My best friend's mom got a Bloody Mary, which also must have been good because she ordered another glass (or she was recovering from the long drive to Houston).

Once we were seated, our waiter attended to us instantly. I got a caprese eggs benedict with my best friend (she got a different type of eggs benedict in the same platter, which is great for people who want different things but not huge portions of each thing), and split the pancake flight with her (3 pancakes on one platter). We got the baklava, choc chip, and peach cobbler pancakes. All were phenomenal, but I gravitated toward the baklava because I enjoyed the combo of pistachios and whipped cream on my pancake. My best friend's mom asked the waiter to surprise her with a dish and specifically requested not to get meat. What did she get? Meat. Our waiter was pretty out of it and wasn't super focused on our order. I could tell he was super distracted; maybe he was tired? I don't know, but it does suck to get something you didn't want. But my friend's mom was a good sport and didn't request for a change.

Service-meh
Ambiance-think iHop++

This place would've gotten 5 stars if everything was perfect, but at least it won at the most important thing--quality of food."
Great portion. Very healthy selection of foods. It's really crowded. Nice atmosphere. Waited for over 40 minutes for a table. It's very thoughtful it serves coffee by the entry.
"I came early on a week day when business was slow, and I was disappointed by the lack of service. We waited 20 minutes for someone to come take our order, and then had to ask for jam and hot sauce after the food arrived, which took the waiter another 20 minutes to come back with. It was frustrating to have someone walk back and forth past you, forgetting each time to bring condiments. No idea what could have taken so long with only 10 or so patrons in the restaurant. The food wasn't good enough to make up for the poor service. I wouldn't recommend it."
This place is great. Get there early on a weekend otherwise you will wait for over an hour to get a table. Food is good... not sure if it is worth waiting an hour for though. They have free coffee and water for while you wait. Only weird thing about this is they then charge for coffee once you sit down. So drink up while waiting for your table LOL.
"This place was over an hour wait but worth it! Everything we ordered was great! Service was okay, not the best, but totally understandable because it's super busy and crowded inside. Would definitely come back."
"Brunching with my girls here was so much fun!!! They had so many great choices we just couldn't decide!!! I would def recommend sharing the pancake flight. The pancakes are so soft and fluffy! You can't forget SAVORY too!!!! This place has a full bar so you can have anything from mimosas, bloody marys & bellinis!!!!! Enjoy seating outside during cooler weather! The place is also super neat inside with a fun modern touch."
"Ambiance: This establishment is a happy mix of oranges and yellows with simple, modern decorations. It's crowded. So crowded that you're likely to wait an hour or more to be seated on weekends. Both indoor and limited outdoor seating (with large orange parasols) available. Fortunately you can put your name down and receive a text when your table is ready. You can specify indoor or outdoor preferences. Parking is also very limited (10 or so spaces,) so most of your time might be spent looking for somewhere on the street to park. Once you're parking and waiting I'd stick to the actual establishment - not much to do in the vicinity (Kroger, Walgreens, apartment complexes.)

Service: quick and efficient. 

Price: entrees seem to average ~$10-$12 which is reasonable for the quantity/quality

Food: 
3 Egg Scramble - ham, mushrooms, jalapeños, and cheddar cheese. Slightly watery, but fluffy. Ingredients are coarsely chopped - seemed to be several instances in which I was eating the better part of a whole mushroom. 

Comes with hash browns: this arrived in a molded cylinder of hash. It's compacted down so that the consistency is more like a rice cake. All the grease is held in by the shape. It's thick and cakey and was definitely not a good experience. Only thing I couldn't finish - much too heavy. 

Comes with toast or tortilla - I chose wheat toast (one of possibly 5 or 6 choices.) Comes with a predetermined flavor of jam; butter must be requested. 

A la carts add ons: taco. 
Their breakfast tacos came on a corn tortilla with hash brown, egg, pico, and a green chile hollandaise sauce. The hollandaise is creamy with a little bit of a kick. Honestly tasted more like an aioli than a hollandaise, but in a good way. Definitely feel as though this was the shining star of the meal. 

Main root beverages 

** their forks are really thick. I don't believe I liked that."
Make sure you get there early! Customer service is amazing. Service is great. Food is great. Would visit again any day!!!
"So we were downtown and looking for a place to grab some breakfast. According to Yelps reviews this place seemed like a GO!  When we passed we immediately saw the line and thought should we go somewhere else & then we're curious now and decided to check in. The wait was 45min to and hour so we grabbed and Orange cup of Joe and sat at the tables beside the building. They were right on point as the wait was approximately 50 minutes. We sat down ordered our food and and our waitress (Mozzarella) was awesome she even heard me say I'd like to try the PB pancake and brought us out one on the house. I ordered an Egg White Omelette with Chicken Sausage, tomatoes and mushrooms with a side of Hash Browns & Corn Tortillas. Very very good and very filling.  The only thing I must add is that for a Healthy Fare it seemed a little greasy but otherwise amazing experience."
"Snooze does it right! They had quite the crowd on Saturday morning so the wait to get a table was about an hour. Trust me, it was worth the wait. They had a huge menu selection varying from different types of egg Benedict's to pancake flavors. There was also a choice to opt for gluten free bread as well! My favorites were the lemon poppy seed pancakes and the spicy Bloody Mary!"
Stopped here one morning for brunch. We ordered the Chili Verde Benedict and OMG French toast our breakfast was delicious. Will be returning to try something new.
"First time at Snooze. One of the most popular places for Brunch. Better get here early because the wait list can get long (30+ min)
The customer service was one of my favorite things. Everyone was incredibly polite and attentive to how our food came out. 
The sweet potato pancakes are by far the best I've had in Houston.  
For the Snooze Spuds Deluxe which come with a mound of savory hash browns, covered with melted cheese, scallions, all topped with two cage free eggs your style! I added barbacoa and caramelized onions for a final concoction worthy of being mistaken for Mount Olympus. 

Great Brunch !"
"If I were rating Snooze on food alone, it would easily get 5 stars. I ordered the Snooze Spuds Deluxe and for as simple as it seemed on the menu, it was very tasty. The portion looked small at first, but I ended up having a hard time finishing it. Everyone else in my party greatly enjoyed the food also - truly no complaints there. 

The reason I only gave it 4 stars is because the service wasn't phenomenal. It is a very popular place so we had to wait 45 minutes to be seated for breakfast, which is understandable, but once we got a table the service was still very slow. It almost seemed like the only reason there was a wait for tables was because there was unused space in the restaurant and orders weren't being taken/filled as quickly as possible. 

Overall, I would still recommend Snooze if you aren't in a crunch for time and want a good place for breakfast or brunch."
"If you love pancakes this is the place for you. The cinnamon roll pancake is perfect on its own, no syrup needed.Everything else is ok. My sister loved the breakfast tacos but they arn't really a traditional breakfast taco so I just enjoyed my pancake service this time was great! But sometimes it is a little off. They also have great gluten free options for the pancakes"
"Wait was long, staff didn't look approachable, and our waitress barely paid us any attention. The food was good, but not worth the drive to montrose. Hopefully the Snooze in Austin is better when I get back to school."
"I had the Pancake Flight: Upside Down Pancake, Sweet Potatoe Pancake, and OMG French Toast! Worth that hour wait!"
"In town for the Texans Chiefs game this weekend and woke up this morning wanting some breakfast food. We decided on Snooze,based on the menu descriptions online. Parking is very limited at this location, but we did find a spot. Checked in and were told 20-30 minute wait, no big deal. Actually ended up waiting about 15 minutes so not bad, as they were pretty busy. Service was a bit slow, but our server was nice. He took our order and we waited about 25 minutes for our food. Again, not a big deal because they were packed. Food came out nice and hot. The problem with this place, in my opinion, is that the food was kinda bland considering the way it is described on the menu. Many items sound really inspired, but they fell kind of short. My wife ordered the basic eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast. She was okay with it, even though it was about $10 for a simple plate. I was excited about the ""Benny's"" (their eggs Benedict). They offer multiple variations on the theme and also offer the option of choosing two different styles (for an extra dollar). I ordered the more traditional one with ham, English muffin, egg and hollandaise and another that was tortilla rounds with pulled pork, egg and what was supposed to be green chili hollandaise. Sounded great but was in reality just okay.  The atmosphere is pretty hipster, cool interior space and just okay food and service. I would never try to discourage anyone from trying it out. But for me, based on slow service and okay food, I felt it was a tad overpriced. But whatever, we gave it a shot. I really wanted to be blown away but wasn't."
I can't say enough about how good the food is here. Especially the pancakes! My friends have also raved about the Benedicts. The wait is long on weekends and even on Friday. Get there before 9 if you want to eat before noon. I love the free coffee and cornhole while you wait. My biggest complaint is how long it takes to get food once you order. It's normally at least 30 mins to get your food after ordering normally longer. The kitchen needs to work it out. A pancake breakfast shouldn't take an hour and a half from seating to check. I hope they work on this and the wait gets shorter in the future.
"Delicious food, excellent service, long wait! 

I ordered corn beef hash, scrambled egg, side of chicken sausage and a plain pancake.  My food came out lukewarm however the waiter gladly returned it to the kitchen to have it replaced. It came back hot but looked as if they reheated the hash and actually remade the eggs.  Other than that, everything tasted delicious and it was a huge helping.  I was only able to eat half my food and when I warmed it later at home, it still tasted delicious.  

I'm likely to return however I will be using the ""NoWait"" app for a decreased wait time."
"Walking into this place I thought to myself ""ok, yeah, I get what the hype is about."" We arrived at 1:15 pm and the wait time for a table of two was 2 hours. So after waiting for 15 minutes we were able to find 2 seats at the bar together. I ordered 2 bloody Mary's which were okay- no olives or celery, very bare bones, but that was fine. My husband grabbed a cup of the house coffee which he thought was good. Once we sat at the bar we ordered promptly. Our waitress/bartender then told us our ticket was lost and she wasn't sure if it was her fault or the kitchen's fault. She wrote down our order again. All in, we waited close to an hour for our food while we saw multiples parties get seated after us & receive their food before us. 

I ordered the huevos ranchos with veggies (3/5) and my husband ordered the corned beef hash. I don't eat red meat so I'm not sure how his food was. We also got one upside down pineapple food pancake to share which was a 5/5, very delicious & moist. My portion was huge & came with 3 eggs cooked to your style- easily enough for 2 people to share. Halfway through my dish I was ready to pack up the rest but I saw a hair on the bottom of the dish.  We mentioned this to the bartender, along with the ridiculous wait time for our food, and our food was comped (minus the one Bloody Mary I paid for prior to starting our food tab) & we received a card for one free pancake. I was disappointed. I left not taking the free pancake card. We tipped the bartender well despite our experience. We won't be back."
"The wait is too long - nearly an hour and a half to only eat for 30 minutes. The service was decent and food came out in a reasonable time period. I got the Benny duo - Benny Goodman and Bella Benny. Both were tasty, but not something I would wait more than an hour for."
I had the breakfast pot pie and enjoyed it. I was expecting a bit more as far as the pot pie goes but it was still a decent dish. The wait can be frustrating which is why I was thinking this place was going to be phenomenal. I wouldn't mind coming back but not anytime soon. I have had better breakfast elsewhere.
"This place was freaking packed at 10:40AM on a Tuesday! The line was out the door but thankfully we were able to bypass the 15 min wait by opting to sit outside (kinda regretted by the end of the meal, Texas heat is no joke). I had the Benny Goldstein which was AMAZING. Looking at the portion I was worried it wouldn't be enough food. But I was stuffed by the end. I also had the basil mojito and orange snoozious. Mojito was super dressing but the orange snoozious was so-so. Could've done without it. My husband had the Juevos rancheros, huge portion and was amazing. His Bloody Mary was fantastic as was his pomegranate mimosa. The Mimosa tasted so fresh. Like they literally made it from scratch moments prior. If the heat didn't get to us we certainly wouldn't tried more of their amazing beverages! Super surprised how great a brunch places cocktails were and the price for the quality was very impressive. Thankfully they just opened up another location in town and country."
love love love every thing about this place.  It's totally worth the wait.  The manager Leeann was awesome at taking great care of us.   Will go back over and over and over.
Finally got here early enough to beat the long line. French toast flight was really good. The food has a lot of flavor. The waitress was great and even offered a sample of a dish she recommended. If you are looking for a traditional breakfast this is not really the place but it is well worth the try if you are looking for somewhere different.
If you are hungry for breakfast this is the place. I absolutely love how they make items on their menu. You can also add additional items to your order to customize it. The specialty drink are tasty. Parking is a disaster during busy times. Plan to visit again soon.
Today was me and my family's first time at Snooze and the host at the front was just not as polite as everyone else. They did give us a wait time but we saw in two occasions that he sat table for 3 before us... (we too were table for 3) we had been here before those other parties. When I walked up to the other host she pointed out it was his mistake and when it was brought to his attention he brushed it off like he did not care. I believe first impressions count... I don't have interest coming here anymore and will be pointing out to all of our friends and families ....  we didn't feel welcomed.
"This place is the best! They give you so much food, I had to get a to go box
I didn't get to take a picture but believe me you should try this place"
"I went on a sunday around noon wait was  ~1hr and i think it always like this on the weekends. Parked on the surrounding streets without any issue. Pancakes is my favorite thing from here so I ordered the flight with sweet potato, blueberry danish and samoa flavor pancakes and they were all delicious. My personal favorite was the sweet potato. The portion was pretty good definitely enough for two people to share."
"I got the hash brown dish with 2 toppings, avocado and spinach. It was average tbh. I regretted not ordering their pancakes instead.  I want to go back so it can redeem itself. Side note: we waited about 1 hr to be seated outside and food took a while too but the waitress was really nice. Both of the hostess' there were a little unorganized and not as nice though. I'll be back one day in the future when I'm not in a hurry to give it another chance."
Awesome breakfast! Pancakes were a huge hit with our group. Staff was great and the place was packed out. I give them credit for keeping it together.
"The pros: Food was delicious!! At our table we had the stuffed french toast, eggs bennies and cinnamon bun pancake along with a few rounds of mimosas. All were equally delicious. Our waitress was also very happy, friendly and efficient. 

However, although our food and waitress was amazing, I am hesitant to return here.
We went as a group of four and arrived just before 10am on a Saturday morning. We ended up waiting a total of 2 hours. We were initially told an hour wait, they took my number and told me they'd text me when our table was ready. After over an hour and a bit of a grace period, I hadn't received a text so I went inside to check the status and I was told they had texted me and our outdoor table would be ready soon. I told the hostess I had not received a text and no we'd like to be seated inside because clouds were rolling in and it was supposed to rain that afternoon. She told me it would be a longer wait then. I take partial blame for not specifying an indoor table, however at most restaurants they do normally ask before placing customers outside. We waited a while longer and my husband went up and asked for another update, we were told our table would be ready soon. We waited a while longer in their crowded waiting area (because it had in fact started down pouring), until finally we were told our table was being cleaned and just about ready. 
I understand there is a wait for great food. But in a large restaurants and for an ordinary sized group of 4, a 2 hour wait is definitely a little too much.
I will return for the food, but even great food isn't worth spending half my Saturday waiting for. Next time I'll go early early!"
"The food, as always, was delicious and Rachel, our server, was friendly and efficient. I did not appreciate, however, all the side comments from the taller, older busser that was wearing a hat. We were out celebrating a friend's birthday, and I understand that we had been there for a while and it was busy, but he would walk by our table and loudly say things like ""you need to leave now"" and ""why are you still here"". It made us really uncomfortable and guilty. It was incredibly rude. I'll still come back because I believe it's an isolated incident as I've come here for a couple years now, but I needed to say something."
"Today was the first time my family and I have eaten here. Amazing food, amazing atmosphere, and friendly staff. My favorite part of it all was the fresh ingredients. All the juices were freshly made, perfect for my mimosa! I love a restaurant that uses foods that are whole and healthy for you."
"Made it to Phoenix Veteran's weekend and hit Snooze, AM before boarding my plane on Tuesday, day after 11-11-19. I was really excited to eat here again, because my last 2 visits left memorable experiences of tasty food and good service, today service was semi-good, but food was, ""Me Thinks Not!""

I got the Regular Benedict, small English muffins, small eggs, ham was so thin you couldn't taste it, the hollandaise portion was pathetic, this is where the semi-good service comes in, as I asked for more, it wasn't even covered in hollandaise, more like spoonful on each, she literally brought me a 1oz ramekin that had cold hollandaise, then just took off. I put it on and even scrapped with my knife as I began to eat I realized it was cold. Just pathetic, then I was wondering why my sweet cream blueberry pancake was so plain and lacking, but it didn't occur to until later, there was no sweet cream in the whole pancake except maybe a quarter size portion inside the whole 9 inch pancake. 

Main server was okay, it's just place I don't eat at often, so I didn't even think to say something about the pancake, until I remember my last one. My brain was trying to solve the puzzle of why does this suck? I then remembered the menu and it was missing the key ingredient, SWEET CREAM that makes it special. 

I just don't see myself excited to go back again, it was that disappointing of food, and 100% would never order the benedict. I eat a lot of benedicts, and this one of the worst benedicts I've ever had plus with the  server who insulted me, and the chefs/chefs who made this meal plus the 1 oz cold hollandaise ramekin insult, truly need a chat with management, and or find something ELSE they enjoy doing, because it's obvious this is not where they want to BE!"
"Great Breakfast/Brunch spot, but definitely not worth the wait. I do appreciate that they have heartier and savory options, making it a great place to go after a work out. Recommend the Sweet Potato Kale Hash!"
"This is my new favorite brunch spot! Houston needed a great addition to the breakfast scene. I was so happy with my meal and can't wait to go back! Staff was great and the restaurant is clean.

Food: I ordered the bella! bella! benny and it was AMAZING! So much flavor and such a unique twist on eggs benedict"
"My husband and I just left Snooze with a happy, full belly and already thinking about when we will return! The pancakes are some of the best I've ever had! We split a cinnamon roll pancake and blueberry pancake. The cinnamon roll pancake will change your life. 

I had the B.E.A.T. Sandwich for my meal. The hash browns are literally the best I've EVER had. The sandwich was very good, but the ciabatta bread was suppose to be toasted and it wasn't. It also said on the menu that it came with a side of black beans and I never saw any beans on my plate (which is fine, but the menu said that came with it). It also had barely any egg for how big the sandwich is. The bacon is super crispy and delicious though. 

My husband had the Benny duo with the chili verde Benny and Chilaquiles Benedict. He loved it. 

We will definitely be back. The all the staff were so nice and helpful even though they were swamped with people. I'm only giving it 4 starts because of sandwich, which wasn't a huge deal."
"How often do you say, ""Man, that's was the best pancake and hash browns I have ever had!"" 

Not I. 

But I went to Snooze for brunch and I can't stop raving how good of a breakfast I had there! 

This place nails: 
-atmosphere 
-pancakes
-bloody marys 
-eggs, hash browns, and just about everything on the menu! 

Wether your going for a hearty breakfast by yourself or meeting a group there for brunch, you're going to be in for a treat."
Big spacious place with a huge patio. There service was on point. They have a private parking lot but it's too small so look for the street parking instead. We had a wait time of 30 min on a weekday but they called us sooner. There food is yummylicious. Their French toast is to die for. It is a must try. The quantity of the food is so worth the price. We had ordered orange juice and it was so fresh. Their burrito is so unlike others. It was so good with omelettes and fried hash browns. The food overall was very filling and was completely worth the price. Highly recommend this place to everyone.
"Online/phone check in and reservations ameliorate the LONG waits to eat here. You put in your name and they call you which is cool. Drinks were good. Different mimosas all around but they were all good. Food was amazing. French toast was the best I have tried and the breakfast sandwiches looked amazing. The key lime pancakes were too sweet for my liking but that's just my preference. Food took forever to come out (40 minute ticket times). Otherwise, it was a splendid experience and would come back again."
"I've been here many times but every time, I dive in my plate so quickly I forget to take pics and post a review. This time I made sure everyone waited for food pics before they ate, needless to say they think I'm crazy!

First off, the food is ALWAYS DELICIOUS! I'm a breakfast person so you can't go wrong with anything breakfast related when it comes to my palate, but the flavors you find here are always mind blowing! I love pancakes and French toast, but they also do a great job with savory breakfast meals too! FYI: The food choices change based on the season, so some of the things I post may not be available when you visit. 

Make sure that when you head to the location that you consider a wait because as I stated, the food is super yummy and everyone knows, which is why usually there's a wait usually around 20-30mins depending on what time you go. For my medical professionals, this is a great spot for breakfast after completing a night shift! Great drinks and prices, but pace yourself! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots in the city!"
Me and my are wife out shopping for Thanksgiving and we  stopped by today at Snooze AM Eatery and I'm ecstatic that I did looking at the menu at first glance  the prices were really good extremely reasonable I was scanning the menu  and  found the  Benny duo and that was an excellent choice I had the  avocado one and  the Lox  one my wife had the Chile Verde one and the Lox one and from my fiest bite to my last my mouth and brain kept saying yummilicious It  was an outstanding breakfast the presentation was beautiful the hash browns are delicious everything about it was perfect and our server the bartender at the time Jacobs Service was outstanding I even met a very cool fellow Jersey Guy (fuhgetaboutit) so if you're cruising on by my suggestion is stop on by because this place is an excellent choice
"Yum! 
They have vegan options! But they aren't clearly marked so ask your server. 

The lemon poppy pancakes are seasonal but AMAZING!!! If you see them on the menu order them!!"
It was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The ambiance was cool. But food wise I wasn't at all impressed honestly it looked better than it tasted.
"So happy they decided to put one of these in Houston. I've always enjoyed going when in Denver and the experience is just as great. The variety on this menu makes it so hard to choose but If you're a first timer you have to get a pancake or go all out and try the trio as either a meal or a side and spilt it.  I haven't been to this location yet on the weekend but I can assume the wait is just as crazy as the Denver locations so plan accordingly if you come on the weekends. 
Both times I've come here so far the wait staff have been very nice, attentive, and helpful with the menu. 
Parking is pretty limited here so if the lot is full you have to find a spot along the street which can be hard at peak hours."
"Food was awesome!! Servers were great :) There was a line when we got there, so we chose to sit outside on a hot summer morning, but the umbrellas provided adequate shade. The servers were VERY attentive even though we were seated outside. Their local coffee was strong but not bitter, which is exactly what I was looking for."
"I love this place!!! I just wish it wasn't so crowded all of the time, I want it all for myself. Amazing food!!!"
"I am a repeat offender when it comes to hitting the snooze button each morning. However, when I have a morning meeting or breakfast date with a friend at Snooze, watch me get ready in record time. 

If you're a breakfast/brunch person - which I most certainly am - you'll hit the jackpot at Snooze. The menu offers a plethora of sweet or savory options: migas, a variety of eggs bennie, vegan friendly options, gluten-free options, and most importantly, dee-licious pancakes that you can create into a flight! And don't forget their cocktail menu. 

Go on a weekday - and def not peak hours - and you should be able to get a table or bar seating muy pronto. Aside from that, expect a really, really long wait. Consider yourself warned."
"I've been a fan of snooze since I found them in Denver,  Went on a weekday so there was no wait.  The staff was very friendly and entertaining as I waited on my friend who was running super late.  The service was efficient, great variety of breakfast foods.  Love the drink menu.  It's definitely a favorite."
"This place is hipster pretentiousness personified.
Wait 2 hours in line and get overpriced breakfast with an enormous helping of fake ""omg fun.""

It doesn't really deserve 1 star but cosmic justice demands I do my part to balance out all the five star reviews from teenage girls who were just so stoked on their brunch.

The gimmick machine here is brilliant. The person behind Snooze has figured out the inner workings of the mind of their demographic. 

The food is okay if you want to wait literally 2 hours and simultaneously overhear high school-era gossip from three different neighboring tables"
"First time here this morning. We checked in at 11:30 and sat down at 12:30. It was well worth the wait. So, you can check in and they will text you when the table is ready. Parking is horrible and you most likely won't be able to park in front the place. I parked across the street at Kroger's.

The food. I had the beef hash....... very very good. Different in the way they make it...... it's more large chunks of beef and shredded potatoes but it was really good. Hash browns were amazing and the eggs very good fresh quality. Pancakes best I have ever had in my life.

 The palominosa was amazing......... fresh grapefruit and vodka...... can't go wrong.

 My wife and I had 2 drinks (liquor) and 2 plates about 50 bucks. It's worth it. Food quality a ten for sure. The tables have nice amount of room and the waiters are very attentive. I heard lots of people being amazed by the food.

 We will will back!"
"We went on a Monday after 10 and there was a 20-30 minute wait. I had the bacon sandwich with Arugula, which was delicious. My boyfriend got the pancake flight, where you pick three pancakes from the menu. He got the sweet potato, the pineapple and the peanut butter cup. He said that he would only order the peanut butter cup again."
"Much hyped California joint disappoints in Texas. It's not bad but it's not like the original locations. The service and wait are both negatives plus the food isn't up to par. The 1hr 45 min wait would've fine if they tried to make up with good service. Not once was our water refilled. The cream cheese in the hollandaise sauce was funky and ruined the insipid eggs Benny. The omelette wasn't bad but the hash browns were too salty. Overall just not worth the wait with wonderful options like backstreet, blacksmith and tiny boxwoods around."
This is my first time here. It is absolutely amazing shrimp and grits and my lady had the Bennie duo.
"If you're ready to brave the long wait, Snooze is a solid brunch spot in Houston. On the weekends, you'll have to wait at least an hour during peak times. Not so sure about the weekdays, but they do serve brunch 7 days a week! You can always walk over to Mercantile Montrose to get some great coffee while you wait (shameless plug for my favorite study spot). Parking sucks since there's only a tiny lot for the huge amount of patrons, but you can usually get street parking nearby.  

Savory: The Benny Duo option lets you pick two eggs benedicts to try for an extra $1. The Benny Goodman was my favorite -- a twist on the traditional lox eggs benedict with a refreshing tomato and caper relish. The Chilaquiles was a little too weird for my friends and me and was more like a breakfast taco disguised as an eggs benedict. The corned beef hash was also tasty. The beef is tender and flavorful. Would be even tastier with some spice or salsa added to it!

Sweet: The pancakes are a must have! Super fluffy and soft. If you go with a few friends, the pancake flight is the best option to try 3 different flavors. Always make sure to ask for the pancake of the day flavor. The lemon ricotta pancake is deeeelicious, so hope to make it on a day when they have it as a special! The OMG french toast is super sweet and rich. I was only able to eat one or two pieces, but if you have a sweet tooth, this mascarpone cream-filled brioche is definitely a decadent treat for you.

Drinks: I was very disappointed by the espresso drinks here--you're much better off going to one of the many coffeeshops nearby. They do serve Boomtown's brewed coffee, so black coffee may be the better selection if you need your caffeine fix with brunch. The morning cocktail selection is sure to satisfy your basic brunch girl needs. Lots of mimosa flavors, peach basil bellinis, morning margs, and even boozy coffee. 

Overall, Snooze is great, but the wait is not. I will try to come back on a weekday when there are hopefully less people!"
Went just after they opened on a Sunday morning and was surprised to see so many people there. Was seated right away. Excellent service and great food. I got the corned beef hash with over easy eggs and rye toast. Finished the entire plate. Very yummy. Will definitely be back.
I can't say enough good things about Snooze!  I thought the pineapple upside down pancake was to die for until I tasted the pumpkin spice cream cheese pancake! After my jog at Buffalo Bayou Park on the first cool day in Houston that pumpkin  pancake and hashbrowns gave me life!!
"Despite the first unpleasant experience, I will visit Snooze again, as Snooze's manager was quick and friendly to drop me a message to understand the situation and rectify the issue. It was great to know that Snooze takes their customers' reviews seriously and will do their best to win back their customers."
"Absolutely delicious. Without a doubt one of the top ten breakfasts I ever had. Ingredients are well sourced. Pastries are made by experts, not machines. Savory dishes are crafted with the care worthy of an experienced chef, not a line cook. 
There's nothing bad on this menu. The pot pie is the most delicious of its type I've ever known."
"The food is always on point, every time I go I try to something different. This morning I had the Ancient Grain Benedict which replaces the Benny Goodman Benedict, which was my favorite. The Ancient Grain was just as good if not better than the Benny Goodman, so I'm not even upset about the change. The OMG Frenchtoast is just that, OMG so so good. A great way to have breakfast and dessert at once. I typically sit at the bar when I go in, a New Jersey kid, Jimmy, is who usually helps me. He is awesome with always a good attitude and smile. Very attentive and never lets your coffee get dry. I have been going to this snooze for quite a while and I every time I go in, it's always nice and pleasing to see the familiar faces that have working there for as long as I have been going there, great upbeat staff!"
"One of those breakfast places that is so crowded, it makes you wonder if anyone has a job.  I enjoyed the braaavacado toast enough that I might have quit my job to stay longer.  Good stuff."
"Perfect spot for brunch! We came here on a weekday, so we didn't encounter the huge weekend queues. The food was fantastic. Although we did not have the pancakes which I think is popular at this place, we had a Ham Benedict and Corned beef hash. Both were perfect. A dash of dirty chai as well to spice things up!"
"The wait time was not horrible given that the place was packed on a weekend lunch time. I ordered a vanilla latte and it was okay. For food I ordered their bacon, egg, arugula, tomato sandwich with hashbrown on the side. AMAZING!!! I chose a sunny side egg inside of my sandwich. It came with crispy bacon. The whole sandwich was huge and I was only able to eat half and took the other half to go. The hashbrown was very interesting, not the traditional crispy and flat. I can't wait to go back and try something else on their huge menu. 
Also, parking can be tough so parking in the neighborhood streets is easiest and not too far of a walk.
Their prices are very fair given the portion sizes."
"Fantastic breakfast option in the 024, new location at Beltway 8 and Memorial.  Our server the last 2 trips has been fantastic, upbeat, positive, friendly and most of all loves what he does and the product he serves.  We always get a pancake for the table to share, ooh and ahh over, we tried the sweet potato (5/5) and cinnamon roll (4/5) pancakes.  Legend goes the syrup is $100/bottle, the good stuff, sure tastes like it!  I always get the puff pastry with gravy and egg, super filling, nice hint of rosemary 4.5/5.  It's a cool place, and great alternative to the usual boring breakfast places.  Pro tip: arrive before 9am to avoid a wait."
I loooove this brunch spot! Food and drinks are fresh and simply delicious   only unpleasantness is the wait to be seated. Its always a long wait...but I guess if it wasn't so great it would be empty! Worth the wait in my opinion.
Eggs were really watery and unappealing and the rest of my dish was pretty dry. Heard it was a great place to go to from my friends. So I guess I'll just have to try it again in the future. Despite everything customer service was excellent.
"I came here after googling best places to eat in Phoenix and this place doesn't disappoint. It's not any average breakfast restaurant that I've been to. With different variations on your favorites, you can actually mix and match and I love it.

I'm currently trying to finish my meal as we speak."
"Had read the positive reviews and went there Feb 17th around 10:30 and the place was packed, but we snagged 2 counter seats at the window. The vibe here is really nice, and had the Classic breakfast and omelette -all done to perfection and the wait staff was prompt, courteous and accommodating. Definitely recommend going there but expect to wait if you want a table or booth."
"Went at 8am on a Saturday to avoid the notorious wait! I ordered the plate where you get to choose a combo of 3 pancakes/French toast. I got a blueberry pancake, chocolate chip pancake, and their regular French toast. All were absolutely delicious!

They don't take reservations/call aheads, but you can go to put your name on the list and leave to run errands or whatever during your wait. They text when the table is ready."
"Good breakfast. 

The wait, did not seem to make sense, there were so few people when I arrived, the place did, eventually, fill up. 

Seemed I was next only when I reported the 45 minute wait? Part of the draw it seems, people think they receive something exclusive. Good marketing."
Always great coffee! Fresh delicious food! Haven't had something here I didn't like so far!
"You snooze, you lose should really be the name of the place.  Since coming to Houston I have yet to had weekend brunch at this awesome place.  I've managed to sneak in a couple weekday breakfasts though.  First time we were here, my mom and I made the mistake of ordering two savory dishes.  I had their Snooze Spuds Deluxe.  A heaping pile of hashbrowns, with your choice of two meats topped with scallions, cheese and two eggs cooked to your liking.  YUM!  I had ham and sausage the first time, which I loved.  Second time I came back and had Chorizo instead (I was not a fan).  The hash browns were cooked perfectly, not mushy, just enough crispiness and definitely enough for two meals.  My mom's favorite would have to be their pancake flight.  Three different flavors of fluffy pancake for breakfast?! Who wouldn't love that.  The Blueberry pancake was my favorite but she loved the Pineapple upside down pancake.  The sweet potato one was great but neither of us fell in love with it.  My husband's favorite (and 2 months later still raving about) are the Chilaquiles Benedict.  Snooze, you have won our take out only or weekday breakfast hearts.  Unless you come pretty early on the weekend or is willing to wait for a couple hours, definitely think bout doing the take out option.  They do have some games and coffee to keep you otherwise.  Since they don't use buzzers and you are texted when your table is ready you can take a stroll up in the neighborhood and then return.  The parking is very limited though, street parking is what I always end up doing, there are probably only a max of 15 spots in their lot."
"My past trips to other locations were always excellent. Not being a fan of large chains, I was a little conflicted to hear Snooze was entering the Houston market.

I went with a small group, after waiting for SOME of the hype to calm down, and was met with the same service, environment, and quality I experienced at other locations. (relieving)

Pleasant surprise: gluten free pancakes, gluten free waffles, gluten free French toast (what!?), and additional gluten free options on the menu."
"The pineapple upside down pancakes were AMAZING!! Flavorful and fluffy, while not too sweet. This is a cute breakfast spot with great food. They don't have options for bottomless or pitchers of mimosas but they do have great individual breakfast cocktails. There are a good bit of vegetarian options also!"
"This place is incredible. Excellent food and really great a.m. cocktails! Ask for Amanda, best server I've had in a long time, hands down. Always on top of her game. Check out Monday or Tuesday if you're service industry for half off alcohol!!"
"This Snooze AM Eatery was especially nice for me as I lived not too far away at Aura Apts (1920 E Indian School Road), so it was nice to take a quick drive and have garage parking readily available at the shopping center that Snooze is at.

The customer obsession with Snooze is real. I've never been to Snooze and not ran into a fully filled room of seated tables.

When I last came here, I ordered the corned beef hash, which is ""Snooze's signature shredded hash mixed with artisan corned beef, caramelized poblanos and onions. Topped with two eggs your style & toast or tortillas"" as advertised on their website. It was delicious! Savory eggs with just-the-right-salty corned beef with those somewhat sweet poblano peppers. Mm mm mm!

I also ordered a Mountain Mule, which at the time of this review is described as ""CapRock Organic Gin, Fever Tree Ginger Beer, Grapefruit juice, Fresh Lime & Agave Nectar"" according to their website.

Since I've moved to Rancho Cucamonga in California, I won't be as likely to come to this Snooze anymore, which makes me a little sad. Furthermore, the nearest Snooze to me is all the way in Costa Mesa, over 50 miles away in LA traffic! Womp womp womp.

BTW they have Wi-Fi here and it is fast even when the house is full."
"Well worth the wait.  We have been here a couple of times, and will continue to wait in long lines to experience the best pancakes in Houston.  The country pot pie is spot on, and the eggs are always farm fresh.  We love this place!"
"This cool breakfast place in HTX was easily a top highlight on my trip! There was a long wait (over an hour), but I'd say it was worth it. I thought out food was going to take long, but it came out fairly quick. The food was delicious and the coffee was good. If I ever go back to Houston, I'll go back to this place! Just make sure that you know when the busy times are in case you're hungry and in a hurry."
absolutely amazing food! great pancakes and great eggs benedicts!!! be prepared: you will have to wait at least 20 mins for a table and you will wait at least 30 mins for your food!
"I've never been disappointed in the food at Snooze. The sweet potato pancakes are amazing, and the servers are pleasant. 

The only downsides are the parking and the long wait times, especially on the weekends. Be willing to park on the neighborhood streets and walk a bit. (But watch out for the signs! Tow trucks are merciless in Montrose.) Also, don't try to go to Snooze if you are in a rush. Unless you catch a rare slow moment in the middle of a weekday, you will have a wait. It's not uncommon to wait 45 - 60 minutes around brunchtime on the weekends."
"Food was really good. My rating is solely based on the service. 

Service was terrible. Waiter took 20 min to take our order plus an hour wait for our food to come out, then when our food finally came out, they put in the wrong order and gave us the wrong food. 

I wish I had a better experience because I've heard nothing but good things about this place."
The line isn't worth it and the food is mediocre. I still don't understand the hype especially since its a chain.
"Amazing service and delicious food. This place was packed, super busy. We waited a bit to be seat but it was totally worth it. All the food was delicious. Our server came back to check on us some many times. Nothing but good vibes here!"
Love love love their food!! The cinnamon roll pancakes are super yum!! I miss their hot chick ate with roasted marshmallow pancakes!
"This is by far my favorite brunch place to go to in Houston although the wait is usually around an hour since it's so popular. At my most recent visit, I got the Pancake Flight (Sunburst Cakes, Blueberry pancake, and White chocolate/chocolate pancake of the day) with a side of hashbrowns and my bf got the Shrimp and Grits. 
All the pancakes were sweet and light, no need for syrup and butter really and the hashbrowns were a nice savory side. I tried some of the grits from my bf's Shrimp and Grits and they were very good as well, even though usually I'm not a grits fan. Parking is usually a bit of a hassle though so you will probably have to park on the street. Make sure to get there early too!"
"A very original, but not too eclectic spin on breakfast food. The pot pie was outstanding. It's very busy, but the staff is very efficient and the food comes out plenty quick. My wife loved the different take on eggs Benedict. I'd highly recommend giving Snooze a try."
Favorite place.  Every dish is amazing.  Some are small portions but big on flavor and quality. Pancakes are some of the best ive had.
Amazing food my oldest daughter said her mouth was in heaven. The food is fantastic try the breakfast sandwiches you won't be disappointed!
"Place has a nice ambience and feel to it. Wait wasn't too bad and service was okay. I ordered the french toast but it wasn't that great, definitely have had better. Presentation and pictures online made them seem delicious but did not meet my expectations. I'll probably give this place another go and order something different, hopefully my next dish will be better!"
Love love love this place.. best brunch in Houston! There is usually a wait time but worth it in my opinion. Also has the best music playing. The two times I have been there they played 90's throwback music. Solid 10/10
"Snooze is totally the new hot spot for brunch in Houston.  Be warned that if you come here on the weekend be prepared to spend half your day here.  The wait is quite long (we waited 2 hours on a Sunday morning) and service is a bit slow because it's so busy.  In total we spent nearly 4 hours brunching!  

I love how they let you mix and match the benedicts.  I honestly can't even remember which one I chose but I was able to try quite a few as everyone in our party ordered a different benedict.  They're all delicious! Their mimosas are good but not strong at all whatsoever."
Wait is long. Probably because it's pretty unorganized and crowded in the front and waiting area. But with all the waiting this place is worth it. Probably needs a better space for waiting. If I could give four and a half stars I would because of the waiting situation.
Best time to visit this place... weekday morning or Sunday morning before 8am. :)  Have tried numerous items on menu and like them all
"FYI, great places usually have long waits. Don't underrate a place because you decided to sleep in and waltz in at 10am on a Saturday expecting a 5 minute wait.

The hype is real. My wife and I split the 3-variety pancakes and a more standard eggs/bacon/toast meal. All were excellent and some of the best breakfast food in Houston.

Prices were in line with the excellent service, portions and quality of food."
"Key takeaway: the line is worth the wait. Don't get your panties in a wod. Stick around and thank me later.

Today was our third visit to this pastry haven. Maybe fourth? Either way, I'm well overdue for a review. Today's particular visit stood out as their front patio offers patrons a dog friendly option. You mean I can devour your perfected pastries, lavender lattes, read my book in the sunshine and hang with my pup? Heaven!"
"Perfection! From the atmosphere, to the service, to the food! Everything was excellent. Our service Megan was great! Eggs Benedict were some of the best I've had. Highly recommend."
Absolutely delicious breakfast/brunch. The only issue is how popular it is (which is a good thing for them) but the wait tends to be extremely long... I will say it's worth the wait though. Definitely a place to try out if you haven't already!
This place is amazing! You can tell how this food is just by the line wrapped around the building. You can't even be bothered by the wait time because the food is so good. I tried a little bit of everything. One of my favorites was the French toast. I can't wait to taste more items on this menu.
Excellent experience loved the food atmosphere was great. I will return with the crew
Great brunch spot! It's about time Houston got on board with Snoozes eatery. Fell in LOVE with this establishment about a year ago in Denver. The food here is just as good. Welcome home SNOOZES!!!
"If you're looking for an awesome breakfast inside the loop, don't snooze on Snooze, an AM eatery. Located close to the intersection of Montrose and Westheimer, Snooze is a relatively new restaurant which is a chain that started in Denver. There is a medium-sized parking lot as well. 

Snooze has a large menu of breakfast dishes and the service was awesome. My waiter was friendly and took care of me throughout the meal. While there were many appetizing dishes on the menu, I went with the pancake flight because I'm all about that variety. The pancake flight allows you to pick any three pancakes off of the menu. Better yet, you can also include French toast even though French toast isn't a type of pancake. Breaking the rules, I love it! 

Since I'm a rule breaker I got the French toast, peach cobbler pancakes, and the pineapple upside down pancakes. The pineapple upside down pancakes were buttermilk pancakes with caramelized pineapple chunks, housemade vanilla crème anglaise, and cinnamon butter. The pineapple chunks were inside the pancakes rather than on top. The French toast was brioche stuffed with mascarpone then griddled and topped with vanilla crème, salted caramel, fresh strawberries, and toasted coconut. My favorite of the bunch were the peach cobbler pancakes. They also have a pancake of the day so you will have a potentially appetizing surprise on each visit. 

The pancakes are a good size so they're definitely filling. The interior is sleek and clean. Snooze is everything you would want in a breakfast diner. Looking forward to my next visit so I can try some of their savory options."
One of my favorite restaurants to frequent for brunch. So many great options on the menu. I have never had a bad experience here. The service is phenomenal as well as the food.
"Good BUT not so good that I'd wait 45 minutes again just to eat here.  

Service was nice but slow.  After we were finally seated, we didn't even get menus until almost 10 minutes later.

Snooze Spuds Deluxe: 4 stars. You get to pick 2 ingredients to add onto the dish.  The flavors were good, but the hash browns were NOT brown at all... more like ""hash whites."" I've never seen such white/un-browned hash browns before.  Kind of weird. Not sure if that was an error or if that's how it always is here. FYI the soy chorizo is quite salty. Overall, I would order this dish again though.

Blueberry Danish Pancakes: 4 stars. Fluffy and tasty. The only thing I didn't like was that the ""sweet cream"" that was drizzled all over the pancake was not sweet.. it was like cream cheese so it was tangy-ish."
"The wait time is almost always a bit long but I'm giving 5 stars because it has always been worth it. Food never disappoints, awesome service. Never leave without trying their pancakes"
We waited for an hour and ten minutes and finally just left. We were told the wait would be 30-45 minutes. It was my sister's birthday and we could not get accommodated... It was extremely hot and there was no waiting area. I will not be back.
"Overall rating for me was closer to a 3.5.

I'd heard of Snooze in CA, but didn't get around to checking it out until I ended up near one of the AZ locations. Dropped by bright and early at 8:10 am on a Saturday morning and managed to snag one of the very last open tables outside. The line seriously starts building early so either get there super early or buckle in for a wait! 

In terms of food, I wanted something savory and went with the tofu scramble (added jalapeno, caramelized onions, and pico de gallo) and my friend grabbed the breakfast pot pie and a breakfast taco. Frankly, if you are a vegan/vegetarian/omnivorous individual who loves tofu, stay away from the tofu scramble at all costs. Dear god, the tofu was lukewarm and semi-solid with all the flavor of a wet soup spoon. The caramelized onions and jalapenos added maybe .1% flavor. Initially, when my dish came out, it was missing the pico de gallo, but our server was super helpful and brought some out right away. The pico helped, but nothing could really save the tofu imo. I ended up adding a bunch of hot sauce in order to salvage the dish. The flour tortillas and the hashbrowns on the side were fine. Nothing great, but not awful either. 

My friend had an amazing experience in terms of his food and ended up loving his breakfast pot pie and the taco. *I did snag a bite of the taco and I have to admit it was amazing compared to my dish.*

Service was a bit hit or miss, but our server did have a giant table he had to deal with so I can understand the flustered-ness he had about him. 

Overall, this place seems to have great promise if you order literally anything else BUT the tofu scramble. I have high hopes and may visit again in the future to try the pancakes~"
"Every visit I've made to Snooze has been great. For one thing, the service is always good. This time Angela was our server and she was friendly, really helpful with my friend's gluten-free needs and forthcoming with what she liked on the menu and recommendations. This seems to be the norm for Snooze. 

We were seated promptly and decided on drinks. A Bankok Bloody Mary for me, consisting of MEll Vodka, Sriracha, Lime, Cilantro, Basil, Fish Sauce & House Bloody Mix. I added a nice slice of bacon which was just delicious. T. had something called a Cherry Pie cocktail which was tasty. 

Breakfast for me this time was the ""Sandwich I Am"", a soft pretzel roll filled with scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and a sausage patty, served with a side of smoked cheddar hollandaise & house hash browns. Arriving at the table it frankly didn't look like a lot of food on the plate, but let me tell ya: it was more than enough. The hash browns are served as a round patty (from a mold, I suppose) and are moist with just the right amount of crispy. The sandwich is really tasty, especially on the pretzel bun. 

Snooze offers a pretty extensive list of breakfast selections, not the least of which are the pancakes. There's usually a ""pancake of the day"", one time being an apple-filled pancake which was, to this day I think, the best damned pancake I've tasted. 

I'm not often in the area of Camelback for breakfast (though there are a number of locations in the Phoenix area) but Snooze is high on my list of stops. The service is exemplary and the food is always above par."
Really excellent eggs benedict and friendly service.  Its very busy on the weekends but it was worth the wait.
"Great breakfast spot. Ingredients are fresh and taste is on point. Had bar service and I found them to be attentive without being annoying. Portion sizes are good but not huge. I found them to be just right but if you're looking to gorge you might be better suited to IHOP. 

I got the chili verde Benedict with a side of fresh jalapenos. Tasted great. Only qualm might be that there was a shade too much salt but that's par for the course with a diner experience."
"Omg I love this place. Everything I've had is delicious, the service is great, and the price is reasonable! Sweet, savory, you name it, there's food for everyone from carnivore to vegan. I was especially impressed how they made my vegan dad a delicious, individual meal to cater to his dietary needs. 

Sure the lines are long, but that just means that we need another location in Houston! It's kinda like the barbecue places...the longer the line, the better the food."
"Their Montrose location is just around the corner from where I live, but I only venture here in weekdays where the wait is manageable. Eating here on a weekend is dangerous if you are a hangry girl like me, since the wait can be up to 1.5 hours long.

HIPSTERS galore! This place was made for you in mind. Organic, free range, and a full bar to satisfy your every need and mood. Their pancakes are nothing to scream about, but I do like their selection of eggs, and their quinoa bowl is on point. They change their menus seasonly so beware, your favorite item may not make the cut. 
Happy eating and good luck on getting a table on a Saturday or Sunday."
The wait is definitely worth it!!! I have tried a few items off the menu so far and Wow! Delicious!!!
Wonderful restaurant with SPECTACULAR SERVICE FROM ANN!!! Wait was only 15 min and found parking! Food was exceptional! We will definitely be back.
"This place definitely get packed, even on a weekday. The menu has something for everyone, even gluten free & vegetarian options (tofu,soyrizo). The Palomimosa was delicious. 
Reason for 3 stars is due to the fact that my requested over medium eggs came as over easy to the table - twice!
I'll definitely be back though, even if it's just for the Palomimosa."
"Snooze is a yes, every day all day!!! The wait and the parking were both crazy on a Saturday morning but the food made up for it! I had the OMG French toast and it seriously was amazing! Don't think about it, just go! Writing this review is making me want to stop by again before work."
"Thursday morning brunch with a friend: arrived 9:15 and the two of us were seated at 9:50. Waiting on noisy Montrose Blvd wasn't fun and it was a bit too noisy inside also for me. We tried Eggs Benedict, Burrito, French Toast, and all the food was pretty good. Coffee was free refills. Service was excellent. The atmosphere was lacking a bit though... I like that they hadn't squeezed other tables into the open areas so it felt roomy, but the seating areas were a bit cramped, and there was a lack of character about the place. Overall if you have time to wait in line, definitely put your name on the waiting list and run some errands locally... They'll text you when your table is ready."
"As a frequent patron of Snooze in Austin , I rarely visit this location due to the lackluster service &
simply damp vibe..... not sure if the building has bad spirits seeping from its cinderblock Or if the staff just don't seem to get the art of proper & prompt service....third visit and sadly consistently disappointed. The FOOD is excellent, however. Thusly the 3 stars... step up to the plate , Snooze Houston."
Lines get long quickly so try to go early. No reservations  Worth the wait. I highly recommend the Drunken Monkey French Toast.
Food is really not that good. Avocado that was served on my food was too raw to even cut and we actually waited over an hour to eat here. This place is way over hyped.
Amaaaazing food! I got the breakfast burrito and a sweet potato pancake. It was definitely one of the best brunches I have ever had. Will go back again for sure!
"The food is good, but not worth the 2+ hour wait to get a table. Be open longer or at least offer a waiting app like most new places do. I used to order take out as well which was great when it took 10 minutes, but the last time they said 20 minutes which actually took 40 minutes. I wouldn't have minded the extra wait time if the people weren't so rude. I arrived after 20 minutes after stopping at Starbucks only to be reprimanded by the hostess that I'm not allowed to bring my Starbucks cup inside the door while I wait for my food. Which was ridiculous. If the food was ready after 29 minutes like they said I wouldn't have had to ""inconvenience"" them with my Starbucks cup. Insanely stupid."
"Came to Snooze after a real good church service around 10:45. The wait for 2 was 25-40 minutes so we walked around for about 30 min til we were called. Parking is pretty bad so be prepared for that or uber. 

I ordered the Abri-Ca-Lac-Ra mimosa and my boyfriend had the Mmm Mmm mimosa. They were so good! I wish they sold by the caraft! My boyfriend decided on the pineapple upside down pancake. I of course couldn't decide between the shrimp and grits and the OMG French Toast so the waiter suggested I get a half of each. 

The shrimp and grits had a great flavor. They used ground sausage which was something new but it was really good. I def would try again. The French toast was very rich! Definitely glad I got a half plate. The pineapple upside down cake was amazing but we definitely recommend getting a half plate unless you're sharing! 

Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back!"
"The food is okay. I don't really understand the obsession that justifies the ludicrous wait.

I'd go back to try the various pancake flavors and other dishes, but likely only during the week when the wait is normal.

If you are considering waiting in line for 2 hours for some brunch here...I'd strongly suggest you try one of the 100 other brunch places in town. It just isnt worth the wait.

Or maybe that's the point... to be seen standing along Montrose at the new ""it"" place to be...what do I know?"
"Don't think twice, go eat here! If you go during the weekend it's definitely going to be at least a 20min wait. Luckily I live within walking distance and during the weekdays it's no issue. To start off the food is very original and delicious. After we ordered our food our waiter brought us a complimentary sweet potato pancake which was surprisingly delicious and we left that plate clean! When our food came everything was fresh and tasty. No complaints other than the wait time (during weekends). This place is my rotation."
Amazing food! The parking is horrible so be prepared to drive around and look and there was a wait but didn't bother us we thought it was definitely worth the wait for the food! I can't say enough how delicious it was!
So many scrumptious options! We went for the eggs Benedict- one steak and egg and the other avocado smash. Likely wouldn't order the avo smash again. Also ordered the avocado toast with poached eggs- the eggs were pure perfection!! We look forward to coming back to try more options..
Good food and good service. Reason of 4 star is because I had the frittata which includes asparagus. The end of the asparagus was not removed and I had to spit them out.
"Went there on a Friday around 11:30 AM and there was a 45-min wait, so we put our names down and came back when they called us since we didn't want to wait awkwardly in that standing area they have near the bar. Got seated at a booth near a screaming baby. The service was nice. The food was incredible. We had the pancake flight (which my husband thought was amazing) the eggs benedict duo (ham III and chilaquiles), and the pot pie. Everything was delicious. Also got two cocktails. One was supposed to have fresh basil in it and did not come with any at all. Both were unmemorable, unbubbly (even though they were both bubblies), and disappointing. We won't order cocktails here anymore but will definitely come back for the breakfast!"
"Super cute place in montrose, had such a good time there. the service was amazing, & everyone was very welcoming. I told my server it was my first time so he suggested I get the OMG French toast. OMG French toast LITERALLY made me say omg. Definitely worth the long wait time, will be back soon!"
"Always love coming to this location. Usually expect a wait of at least 20 minutes, but those pineapple upside down pancakes are worth it. So is the complimentary coffee. 

Note: Don't expect dining here to be an in-and-out-in-under-45-minutes experience unless you sit at the bar. 

My typical order is the Snooze Spuds Deluxe with either the Pineapple Upside Down Pancake or the Sweet Potato Pancake (tip: you can order a small rather than the regular size a la carte).

Either one of those pancakes as an accompaniment do a great job at satisfying my sweet + savory cravings, while not being cloyingly sweet or dessert-like. 

Tried the Egg White Frittata for a while, but they recently switched out some of the ingredients & I'm not as big of a fan anymore. 
 
Also a big fan of the assortment of brunch cocktails. I recommend the Cherry Pie!"
"After biting into the Chile Verde Benny and grits, I looked to the sky and saw the heavens open up and the sun beamed down on my face. These are seriously the best grits I've ever had, and I loved this spin on a benedict. My friend enjoyed the Juan's Breakfast Tacos. Our inner fat girls led us to share the pancake combo, and they were not disappointed. Favorites were the Pineapple Upside Down Pancake and pancake of the day (buttercake almond). The Blueberry Danish pancake was good too, but had a bit too much cream cheese concentrated in the center for me. All this was washed down with Mojo Mojitos. I'm a mojito snob so I rate theirs 3.5 stars-it could be improved. I will definitely come back every time I'm visiting Houston."
"Would give 0 stars if possible after the experience we had. Came here on Sunday, August 13, 2017. Waited an hour and a half to be seated (I get it, Sunday funday/ Sunday brunch a long wait is expected, but that's not why this review gets a 1 star). The waitress that served us (did not get her name and the receipt has a guy servers name on it, Saul) was rude and inattentive (had to ask multiple times for a straw, napkins and condiments EACH time). But you know what? I get it. It's Sunday, it's packed, maybe she has more tables assigned to her than she can handle? The reason why I'm giving snooze such a low rating is even after putting up with ALL of that I still gave her a 20% tip (in cash which was written on the tip line as ""CASH""). I guess she felt that she deserved more than 20% for her ""excellent service"" because she tipped herself an additional 20% ontop of the cash tip we left. Very disappointing as we were avid snooze goers (even with the wait). While waiting an hour and a half for our table we ordered mimosas from the bar. Evidently the bar tender had more morals than this waitress. Nonetheless very disappointed, expected better from an establishment like this. Will not be returning. To anyone visiting that's paying with a credit card, keep your receipts and a look out once your payment has posted."
"SUMMARY:
The best brunch variety in Houston atm. I've been to the Snooze on Montrose and their location in Town and Country several times. The food is always great. The Montrose location is nice, but there was a really aggressive homeless guy pestering people in line last time. He literally tried starting fights with every guy asking them to buy him alcohol then yelling obscenities at them when they refused, but anyway..here's what you're here for:

FOOD - Ranked:
1. OMG French Toast!  - Best French Toast in Houston. Get it! You'll thank me
2. Bella Bella Eggs Benedict - Great selection of eggs benedicts, but my favorite by FAR is the Bella Bella! I'm not even a fan of prosciutto, but it works so so well and easily makes it the best eggs benedict on their menu. Of course try them all like I have, but get at least one of these so you'll know what I'm talking about.
3. Sweet Potato Pancakes/Upsidedown Pineapple Pancake - One of the best pancake selections in Houston with the Sweet Potato and Upsidedown Pineapple pancake coming out to an even draw. The Pineapple pancake of course sounds awesome, but the Sweet Potato pancake is the surprise selection in their pancake menu. If I had to choose only 1 it'd be the Sweet Potato, but if you're indecisive get one of each and be sure to ask what their pancake of the day is. Sometimes it's awesome...sometimes it's wtf really? (i.e.fajita pancake) Just ask.

I've tried a lot of other things on the menu and everything is good, but these are my top 3 favorites in order.

THE WAIT:
The wait also for this location is among the longest in Houston. Most places will tell you 45 minutes to 1 hour wait and you'll be sat in 20-30 minutes. That's not the case here. 1 hr wait means you'll get called in 1 hr-1hr 15 minutes, then when you arrive (even if you're already there) you'll have to wait 15 minutes for them to clean a table. It's a good idea to check in, then stop by a bar or something in the area for drinks until they call you.

Other than potentially having to fight bums and watching birthdays fly by waiting for a table, it's one of my favorite brunch places in Houston. So check in, grab a drink somewhere until you're called, and try the French Toast and Bella Bella. You'll be one happy eater."
"The dishes are so creative. But the wait time was a little ridiculous, I'm thinking because they have limited waiters.

There were empty tables and boothes but for some reason they had us and others waiting for 1.5 hrs before seating us.

My friend and I did get a stomach ache after eating, idk what it could have been. I probably wouldn't go back.  I swatted away a fly at my table.  And my Benedict was cold when it arrived, hopefully they didn't have it sitting out uncovered before bringing it out to me. Allowing the fly to do his business on it... that's the only thing I could think of why we got sick after eating here.

Cool concept though.   

If we didn't get sick, and if the wait times were way shorter, I would have given them 4.5 rating of 5."
"Amazing food! The wait was a little crazy when you have a small child. I suggest putting your name in ASAP and then run some errands. Haha

We will be back when it's not so busy so we can taste the menu more! Great service from all staff members. Cute clean restaurant. Nice clean bathrooms. Perfect outdoor seating. Find some street parking if nothing is available. 

Food is so DOPE!"
"Great place to get brunch with friends!

We came as a trio around 7:30am on a Saturday, and there was probably a 5 minute wait. There's basically no parking except street parking around the corner. The place is kind of like a futuristic diner but with a lot more lighting which I really liked. Everyone was cheery even in the early AM, and even though we were seated in the very bad of the restaurant, our waitress checked on us regularly which I really appreciated.

It was bacon day when we went so we ordered a bunch of bacon stuff. The bacon wasn't overwhelming at all though even though everything had it. I got a peach bellini which was cold and sweet and didn't taste too much like alcohol which I was glad for at 7:30am. Food: we got the pancake flight with a french toast, the bacon pancake of the day, and a peach crumble pancake. All three of us had a different favorite which basically means that each pancake was delicious. Then we shared a benny duo which is basically two ways of eggs benedict that you get to choose. Then we had a third dish that I don't remember, but I think it was probably good, too. Each dish was probably about $10-13. The portions are pretty small compared to places like ihop and denny's, but they're really good for sharing and tasting. 

The whole place is just a really nice feel good place and a great way to start your day!"
"Yassss! This place lives up to the hype. The down side is the wait but if you stay, you will not be disappointed. The pancake flight is the truth. The coffee is live and the service is great."
"Great brunch!! The drink prices are a little high but the main reason I come is for the food. 
The only downside is the wait - you're looking at about an hr wait on a weekend after 12pm, plus parking is a bit of a hassle. So try to get their early! 

I definitely recommend any of the French toasts and the hash was super yummy! Las time I went, I was sitting next to Slim thug! He's a huge fan of the place."
"OK, first let me start off by saying that my boyfriend is never punctual for anything, but for Snooze he is. He hates waiting in line, but for Snooze he will. This is our second time here and yes the wait can be anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours!  My favorite things to order is the Benny Duo: Benny Goodman and Bella Bella Benny! OMG its divine. Salmon and prosciutto (eggs benedict) how can you not? The presentation alone makes you want to wipe away your saliva because you're too busy drooling. Once I ate the eggs benedict, I can't go anywhere else. 

Also the pancakes! They are so huge and they are so warm and delicious. No need for maple syrup. It has enough flavor. Last time I had a pomegranate white chocolate chip almond pancake. Today I had a cinnamon roll white chocolate chip pancake. As full as I was, I could not stop eating my pancake. So warm, toasty, and it had almond crunch on top. It was perfect. My boyfriend will get the OMG French Toast on top of his Bella Bella Benny (eggs benedict) and he says its the best french toast he has ever eaten. I will say my boyfriend and I are not big ""brunch"" or ""breakfast"" persons when it comes to eating out for it, but for snooze we order like Kings and Queens. Its worth it. You have to try it. See for yourself."
"Really want to be able to give this place 5 stars, but the wait just isn't worth it.  We went on a Monday around 11 and the wait was still close to an hour even though we were told 20-30 minutes.  There isn't anywhere to sit while you wait either. 

That being said, the food was delicious!  Highly recommend the Bella Bella Benny benedict and the pancakes.  Hopefully they can figure out how to turn tables faster"
"Being a cook, Let's just say YELP reviews aren't my favorite. With that said, I haven't written a review in AGES but this one needed to be out there. Not only was the food great but better yet, the service was amazing. Stephanie shines. She even introduced me to my new obsession: the Sweet Potato Pancake. (Which she sent over ""on-the-house."")  
I'll have to seek out the Snooze in SoCal and see if it compare"
"All I can say is wow. After eating here, all I can think of is ""do they have their own farm out back?"" Everything tasted so fresh and hand made that I couldn't even describe it. I'll definitely be back and I'll be bringing friends as well."
Ridiculously long wait time for an average quality breakfast. Pancake is not fluffy enough. There is also water leak from the ceiling AC pipe above my table. Overall not a pleasant experience.
"Maybe I didn't order the right things? I've been here twice and both times I felt like this place was over-hyped and pricey for what it was. 

The HOT CHOCOLATE was great. Interesting that it came in a glass tumbler with a paper sleeve. It has a small cap of foam and I love the spice they sprinkle on top. 

I was disappointed in the BLUEBERRY DANISH PANCAKE. I thought the pancake itself tasted flat. For being smothered in blueberry coulis I didn't get much blueberry flavor. All I tasted was the lemon cream cheese, which was nice.

The SANDWICH I AM sounded amazing and right up my alley but it was just okay. It just didn't bring that much flavor. The eggs were nice and fluffy, though. The hollandaise that comes on the side and hot sauce added some much needed flavor. 

I like their HASH BROWNS. They have their own seasoning. I just wish they were a touch crispier.

I ordered their CORNED BEEF HASH during my first visit and wasn't impressed either. 

Not against coming here again just wouldn't be my first choice. So many people love this place that I'm willing to give this place a 3rd try!! Lol."
"The food and service here is great but I wouldn't say there was anything that I couldn't whip up at home. Loved the bottomless coffee and the drink menu looked awesome (we didn't get to try because it was early on a Sunday). If I were to brave those lines again, it would probably be for friends and the atmosphere."
"Cool hippie location off of Montrose and westheimer. Came here for brunch Sunday around 11am, so pretty much peak hours for the the hungover warriors or the early bird buddies of Jebus (ode to Homer) 

Line was incredibly long, but the bartenders takes care of us alcoholic quickly with tasty and knock you on your behind drinks. If you get lucky and elbow the old church ladies out the way you can get a seat on bar/counter and start ordering food at the envy of the people looking over your shoulder waiting like the loser they are Lol (just kidding...but really stop looking over my shoulder and drowl on my food buddy)

Drinks are strong and flavorful with some unique mixes . Food is fatty but colorful like the cross fit  athletes in their tights. 

Don't usually like out of town wannabe taking over the Houston foodie scene but snooze hit the bullseye when it comes to curing the morning after hangover (or the hangover of the sermon of jebus!)"
"This place gave me all kinds of life!!! Yes the wait made me want to get back in the truck to leave...but glad we stuck around. Yes...do go with the pancake flight, for many reasons. These are not your ordinary pancakes. We tried the pineapple upside down (OMG...food-gasm stuff), flavor of the day (peach, white chocolate, and berries, mascarpone), and the sweet potato pancakes. The sweet potato pancakes have this nice fresh ginger taste (i.e., think hard core root grinded; as does the cream on top I wanted to lick) and then get this...thick pieces of sweet potato. Never seen that...brilliant! Normally it's blended fully. The pineapple upside down was our favorite. Imagine fresh pineapple with crisp brown sugar throughout with a cinnamon cream on top. My view of pancakes will never be the same. We also got the OMG French Toast...was tasty (but still recommend the pancake flight over it). In addition, we had a side of scrambled eggs (solid) and chicken sausage (super tasty). WE. WILL. RETURN."
"Always an ideal location for a casual breakfast. Of course folks are disappointed with the loooong wait. However, food is cooked to order and service can be improved (pending the person).  Our server was fantastic. My reason for 4 stars is solely because the drinks lack alcohol. Our mimosas had more juice than champagne. We ordered champagne with juice on the side. The bloody Mary needed 2 more shots of vodka. The fide was filling and tasty."
"Went on a Monday. Had a 15 min wait. Seems that they are always busy.

I'm not a breakfast person but this was the best breakfast I've ever had. I got the potato spuds. You can add two fillings plus eggs. I didn't want the eggs so I got two additional fillings. I added spinach, roasted garlic, caramelized onions and red peppers. I also added poblano hollandaise sauce. It was so good. My friend got the same except with caramelized onions, bacon and eggs. 

We both shared peach cobbler and pineapple upside down pancakes. Didn't care for the peach but the pineapple was really tasty. 
Go here if you want good breakfast."
"Top brunch spot of my life. the chilquiles eggs Benedict if my favorite brunch dish of all time. I've had Snooze in 4 locations now - San Diego, Denver, austin, and Houston and gotten the SAME thing every single time and they've maintained the same high level of consistency at every location. I was so scared when Snooze decided to expand to Texas that it wouldn't live up to the hype but it's delivered and then some. Now back to the food, the eggs Benedict is constructed perfectly - the perfect poached egg, tender and flavorful Barbacoa, and awesome hollandaise sauce lathered all over it. I just have to throw some Cholula hot sauce on it and I'm ready to savor every bite. The pancakes are amazing as well, I appreciate the seasonal flavors and the option for the indecisive orderers (like me) to get the Pancake Trio which lets you try 3 different awesome sounding flavors. The blueberry cream cheese one is my personal favorite but you really can't go wrong with any of them, the pancakes themselves are super fluffy and well made."
"Cool little spot in Houston. I ordered the Snooze classic with the Chorizo sausage and a side of pineapple upside down pancake. It was delicious! I also ordered the spicy Bloody Mary, which was tasty as well. Wait is long, but definitely worth it. If you check in, they take your phone number and will text you wen your table is ready. We ended up driving down the street to some vintage shops and killing some time before they texted. Win win for us."
"This place is worth EVERY MINUTE of the 1.5 hour wait (and 4 block walk to find parking lol) 

AMAZING customer service from our waitress Alexis ""A-lox-is""!!! She made every bit of the experience extraordinary. Even in the crazy hustle and bustle of Sunday brunch, she was collected and calm! 

Every single staff member we encountered was upbeat, cheerful, and so friendly! Such a rare find. Wow-it was impressive.

I desperately wanted to try the cocktails, but was hungover in a way and didn't think that to be a wise choice, but they WILL be ordered next time. 

5/5- Snooze Classic with scrambled, bacon, hash Browns, and sourdough toast was PERF.

5/5- Pancake Flight with sweet potato, blueberry Danish, and the vip ""pancake of the day"" which was a cinnamon sugar pancake with some sort of espresso and cream topping... O M G. Unreal. Not a speck left on this plate. 

What f-ing genius at Snooze came up with the Pancake Flight?? They must have an indecisive wife, too. I felt like Snooze took my hands and personally BLESSED ME with this being an option. Now I will never have to choose between so many incredible flavors again!!!

Don't think I didn't notice y'all do that on the Bennys side of the menu, too, BECAUSE I DID AND IAMCOMINGFORIT

WE LOVE YOU SNOOZE!!!!"
"it was ok. 

i wasn't blown away into space by the food. the atmosphere is interesting. i order food, i pick a seat (if available) and they come over with food. not a regular restaurant setup. 

the food i ordered was fine. didn't feel anything crazy special, it just felt like any other brunch place. it didn't really stick out in my brain too much and wasn't very memorable. 
it was good. but not great.

the staff was nice. and the coffee was good. 

.... thats really it. Eh."
"I had a great pancake flight getting to try multiple ones and got some hashbrowns as well.  Everything was delicious.  The hash browns were well orepared, seasonef, and presented which jusy shows the care they put into every dish item.  Long waits usually, but well worth it."
"First and foremost this spot would get 5 stars from me if the wait was a little shorter. 

Foodwise.. They are in a league of their own. Seriously. 
 
The pancakes were indescribably delicious and with a nice variety of flavors. Very unique choices. Try em. 

The corned beef hash was amazing- no joke 
tender and juicy with peppers and onions. WOW!

The atmosphere was nice and service was good (just too slow)

Also, go early ( the parking is limited - but this is the Montrose are we are talking about so who's surprised ‍)"
"Breakfast is my favorite meal. When I want my favorite meal, I come to Snooze! It is worth the wait every time. It's always delicious and consistent. You can pretty much find me here every weekend. My favorite is the Snooze classic breakfast with scrambled eggs, sausage patty, hash browns (best I've ever had) and substitute toast for a chocolate chip pancake or pancake of the day. It's so good with a coffee too. Anything from Snooze will have you feeling full and ready to start your day. Love, love, love this place! I'm heading there now!"
The food is decent. The prices are normal. The line is looooooooooong. I've ordered to go and had to wait pretty long. I'm not sure it's worth all of the waiting.
"Food and drink are great, but the wait is ridiculous. If they implemented an app or texting based checkin system I'd come back way more often. Really hard justifying an hour long wait for eggs, no matter how good they are."
"If you like underage drinkers and poor service go here. 
Food was great, but overshadowed by our service experience. Very poor service by management and our immediate server. It must have been one of their family members or friends that came in and sat next to us because we were completely ignored as they continued to stay at their table. This would normally not bother me so much except it took over an hour for food, and they were celebrating that one was not of age to drink and yet was drinking mimosas. Im guessing thats why the service suffered- they are busy drinking. Not pleased, and will not go back to this location. Management needs to get it together as this is not the first time ive heard this complaint. Only 3 stars so it doesnt get deleted."
"Stopped by for a bite between my shopping trip, and ordered a pancake flight (Banana with white chocolate, upside down pineapple and blueberry pancakes) and my server recommended a side of bacons. OMG it was delicious.  Like my son used to say ""it was like heaven in my mouth"". Highly recommended."
We visited from out of town based on a friend's recommendation. Amazing brunch food - sort of a gastropub take on brunch/diner food - and boozy coffee drinks were amazing!
"Our pineapple upside down cake had chocolate in it...

I think when they're busy it's a little too overwhelming and things might get confused aka extra ingredients that arnt suppose to be there... Amazing pancake still"
"Satisfied brunch.  I tend to steer clear of chains and when a friend suggested we go, I honestly let out a sigh. The wait was long but the food was surprisingly worth the wait. I wanted a little salty and sweet combo so they let me upgrade my Benny hash browns for a piece of French toast (at an up charge). It was too much to eat at once but my cold leftovers were just as delicious. The price is reasonable and everyone in our party left very satisfied."
"In a nutshell, their breakfast is phenomenal, but not worth the wait (1.5+ hours) or the hassle with parking. My wife and I tried to go on a Saturday, there was essentially no parking (think their parking lot holds maybe 6 cars...) and the wait was going to be nearly 2 hours. We left and came back on a Wednesday morning. There was no wait this time. My wife ordered the breakfast pot pie and I ordered the snooze spuds deluxe. I also ordered the morning margarita. The pot pie looked better than it tasted, but was good nonetheless. The snooze spuds deluxe, as far as eggs and potatoes go, was some of the best I've had. The morning margarita was a little strange for my taste. I supposed I'm used to El Tiempo's margaritas.The place originated in Colorado, and deff. has that kind of cool/chill/different vibe. It fits well in the Montrose area. I would try it again when the newness of it wears down and the wait becomes tolerable."
"Never bothered to check this place out, thinking it was a sleep shop by the sound of it.  Finally, the opportunity presented itself to give it a try.  The atmosphere is lounge-y, the food is pretty (but good) while the portions are dainty.  Wide variety of brunch-y dishes with their own special touch.  `"
"It took 20 minutes for us to be seated even though there were only two people in front of us and no wait. Once we were seated it took about another 12 minutes to be greeted by the waitress. The food was all right, but some of the limes  that were brought to the table with the food we're old and turning brown. When this was brought to the attention of the manager he shrugged it off rudely before walking off. There's too many good places to eat that are both tasty and friendly to waste your time at this location."
"We've been meaning to try this place out for months, but the long wait times have always deterred us. Today was no different, we waited about 1.5 hours for a seat. Luckily they take your number and text you when you're table is ready, so we went by a local coffee shop and relaxed there. They also offer free coffee and games for their waiting patrons.

As for the food, we ordered the Breakfast Pot Pie, Pick Two Eggs Benedict (Chili Verde and Bella Bella) with a side of the OMG French Toast. The pot pie was actually better than I thought, good flavor and size (not too salty) and has a nice flakey pastry shell. The Benedicts were on point as well, with great flavors melding together for the Bella Bella (prosciutto and balsamic drizzle) and the chili verde (we got barbacoa). We heard that the French Toast to get were the OMG French Toast. While it was good, it was not the best I had and a little underwhelming.

Servers were also very courteous and pleasant to talk to and the decor was nice. We will definitely be back! We just need to find the right time to avoid the long wait."
I went twice and both times I was a bit disappointed in the food. The pancakes were good and so was the service but I was not impressed with the majority of what I ate.
"I've returned to Snooze a few times since an unfortunate experience some time back. I have not been disappointed. Food was delish--the sweet potato hash bowl is a savory and filling, low-calorie delight. Pancakes are always light and fluffy. I stoped by today with family visiting from Atlanta and we all left smiling. We got great service from Melissa and the manager was quick to make things right when my sweet potato hash was missing the kale. And I finally used the gift card that Kate sent to me after my previous review. Way to make a comeback, Snooze."
"I definitely had expectations about this place after reading some of the other reviews and seeing some of the pictures posted. 

I was not disappointed at all in fact my expectations were exceeded for the most part. 

The atmosphere was pleasant and fun - I would describe it as spitzy. The hostess was extremely pleasant and welcoming which tends to set a good tone (in my opinion). 

I was seated quickly and received my drink relatively fast as well as having my order placed promptly. While waiting on my food to come out I was checked on regularly as well as had nice conversation with the staff. 

The food was amazing. Tasted fresh and unique - it didn't taste like just another breakfast place. And the portions were perfect I wasn't even able to finish all of it except for that amazing bacon - it was all very delicious. 

I'll definitely be going back and would recommend checking it out if you are in the area - and even if you are not and thinking about it (do it) its worth the trip."
"The first time I tried this food chain I was visiting California, not realizing we had one here in Houston. I absolutely loved the one in Cali and thought this would be a great way to start my hubby's birthday off. 

We waited approximately five minutes before being seated. Kudos to the hostess as he sent over a chocolate covered pancake with a lit candle in celebration of my husband's birthday. We hadn't received a menu or water. This was really thoughtful of him and we really appreciated the gesture. He loved the pancake and tried really hard not to eat it all. LOL

We started with the pomegranate margarita. This is an AWESOME cocktail. It consisted of Espolon Blanco Tequila, orange liqueur, pomegranate shrub, house sour and fresh lime. Just the right of amount of alcohol to get a nice buzz. Only drink 2..... I also tried their hot chocolate. However, it is served in a tall glass with lots of whip cream. Be prepared to have whip cream around your mouth and a little on your nose. 

My hubby ordered the Benny Duo, so you'll have to check his page for the review on his breakfast. Just a little note, he didn't leave much on his plate. I ordered the shrimp and grits. The homestyle cheesy grits were loaded with sautéed shrimp, andouille sausage, peppers, leeks and topped with a sunny side up egg. The dish was good. However, I wasn't feeling that egg sitting on top of my entrée. I politely removed it. 

Thanks to Tristan and the staff at Snooze for making this a great birthday start for the hubby. I'm sure we'll see you soon!"
"The corned beef hash I have been missing since I left Denver is now in PHX! Made me do a little Irish jump and punch a hole in my wall. Hey, I'm Irish, I can say that! Snooze finally made it's way to Phoenix and it didn't take long for the Colorado transplants to find it as well as the breakfast foodies. Now if we could only get Root Down and Sassafras here. 

Now prepare yourself for a 30 to 45 minute wait for a table, but the complimentary coffee does help pass that time. Whether you are a pancake breakfast glutton or a hung over savory breakfast bum like me Snooze will have everything to get that morning fix. 

Service here is just as good as the food. We had a couple mix ups with drink orders, but that never bothers me. Take some time and figure out your choice from the large menu, don't worry if you wanted to try a couple things, you'll be back!"
"Second attempt here was successful - 7 am on Friday morning. First attempt was 10 am in a Saturday and the wait was 2 hours (eek!). Great selection and you can't go wrong with pretty much anything there. I went with one of their many selection of eggs benedict - delicious! Coffee was also good, and service was fast and friendly."
"not many places would i wait an hour in the cold to try, but i heard good stuff about snooze from my brother in denver. it did not disappoint. we managed to get spots at the bar, and i made sure to have a boozy coffee drink. i also had their vegetarian benedict offering, and it was pretty damn good. what i really wanted was something like giant french toast, but i was trying to be healthy. go me. anyway, service is on point, parking is kind of a pain, and food is incredibly yummy."
Very good brunch. The wait was super long though... Wish you could make reservations.  Free coffee and games while you are waiting is a plus. Atmosphere is nice and kid friendly. Really enjoyed the food. Highly recommend the pancake trio or Eggs Benedict duo. Chilaquiles Benedict was excellent.  We loved that you don't have to choose and can mix and match flavors. Will definitely go back.
I've been here twice and I loved the spiked coffee. The food is also delicious!! I've had their flight of pancakes and their eggs Benedict in various styles. One of the styles had chorizo. You can't go wrong with chorizo. The atmosphere is hip and it's a great place to work or meet with friends for book club.
"I will be honest guys, this place is just good for Instagram and posting on social media. Didn't see what all the hype was about. The food was good but great. Was it worth an hour and half in line ? No not at all. We should of went to IHOP to be honest. Wouldn't come here again if the line is so long like how it was when I visited. Maybe I ordered the wrong stuff or something but not worth it in my opinion."
"This used to be my favorite place, But today will be my last visit. From a flat mimosa which was brought to their attention, to absolutely cold food with no customer service or attention, I'm done paying $38 for breakfast!  I will Be writing corporate and requesting a refund, so disappointed!"
"Had the egg white fritata. Delicious! Wanted to try the southwest mule but I was ""the driver"" :-) My friend loved the pancakes, said they tasted like were from starter batter that adds sour flavor undertone. Was not familiar with concept of starter batter but guess you add to it over time and the starter ferments. Said its popular with cinnamon roll recepies. Not sure if that's what they're doing here, but if so then I'm not a fan of that style, did not care for the flavor. Also the big single pancakes are better than the flight. We all tried each other's. There are 100 different kinds of eggs benedict but my friend was disappointed couldn't get plain one. My friend tried Ham Benedict one and didn't like the smoked cheddar hollandaise sauce on it. Gets crowded fast so get out of bed and go early. Recommend trying lil bit of everything so you can share!"
"This chain breakfast and lunch eatery has the feel of a local place located in a popular montrose area. Always packed despite too little parking. But packed for a reason.  

The execution is perfect but not unexpected- breakfast is not especially hard. But you know when it is done right. Execution is more impressive when the quality of the ingredients are first rate and the either unique or combined in unique ways. 

my uncle won the struggle and ordered a hash brown dish covered in eggs and stuffed with your choose of excellent fillings. Flavorful is an understatement. I ""lost"" with two kinds of sandwiches: ciabatta and  prosciutto and a muffin with ham. I will fail to explain how very different they were from each other but oh so very good. We shared pancake of the day which the helpful waitress explained is a favorite. 

If you can find parking and can snag a table, you won't be disappointed."
"Eating here is wonderful, food is always good and service is always great! But my review is for the to go orders. They really messed it up and it wasn't even busy. I ordered (2) of OMG French toast which are amazing, only received one, asked for extra coconut instead got none. Ordered an egg white omelette which was not egg whites. Messed up in the toppings for the pancakes. The only thing that was right my 2 orders of bacon. Won't be ordering to go anymore. Very disappointed"
"Food was delicious. I had the pancake of the day. Toffee and bacon, yum! But the wait was ridiculous! My brother has been often so he said an hour is usual. We waited 2.5 this time. I'm usually patient but with a 10 month old, patience runs thin real quick."
"Ask forCARLOS he's freaking amazing!!! Was patient, consistent, actually the BEST service I have had EVER coming here! My friend and I will come back and ask for him ONLY from now on"
"Sooooooooo!!!!! It took me 2 hours to be seated which is fine if the food is worth it. That was definitely not the case. All I ordered was French Toast and a sausage patty. Seems easy enough but I guess not. I received my French toast which was cold coming to the table, no sausage. I had to ask someone passing by the table (not our waitress) for the sausage. He tells me that he has to go and ask my waitress about the sausage. That was an additional 15 minutes. Finally the waitress comes to the table to tell me how it was all her fault yada yada. So they gave me the sausage links (I ordered a patty)  undercooked ""on them"". With that being said if you have time and money to waste by all means try this place."
"I read all the reviews about the place being ""worth"" long waits, ""worth"" the bad parking, and ""worth"" total lack of wait space. No, no it is not. After no parking being available nearby, I parked in a spot I worried about being towed or booted, walked in the cold rain for a block or so, and then was ""sardined"" into a very tiny waiting area. I stood uncomfortably for 48 minutes after being told by the hostess (who was constantly snacking), that the wait should be around 25-30 minutes. 

The menu is hardly remarkable, but we were hoping the basic food listed on the menu might be incredible (according to reviews). We ordered IMMEDIATELY, as soon as the waitress took our drink orders - and we waited - and waited - and waited - and after another 45 minute wait, we had to go. We asked our flighty waitress about our food several times and were told each time that it was ""coming"". 

We went with a 2 hour window because we read about the 1.5 hour and 2 hour waits on reviews - but I was told it would be just 25-30 minutes, and the place does not seem that busy. Then we observed the slow/uncaring staff mulling through the day, witnessed the unfriendly and unmotivated hostess - then got a quirky and forgetful waitress - then, who knows who is in the kitchen. It's pretty obvious this ""team"" just DOESN'T CARE. As long as the owner and manager allow this to continue - and, it's pretty clear they do not care - I can tell you with 100% certainty this customer definitely does not care to EVER eat here again.

I never got my food, so I can't rate the eats - I just refuse to sit in a  restaurant from breakfast time to lunch time and NOT be served. This place if absolutely ridiculous! SNOOZE could NOT be more appropriately named!"
"I can walk to this place, but won't again. Overpriced, has more fruit flies than the produce aisle at Fiesta, never got my coffee refilled  and was never given syrup for pancakes. Awful service for a pretty penny."
"Went on a weekday morning, when I thought the morning rush was over and the kids were all back to school, clearly my timing was not a good one. Parking was a beast, it took me 10 minutes to find a decent parking space where my car would not get towed.  Although they were packed, I didn't have to wait for a table because I was meeting someone and that individual secured a table (yes, I was just a lil late), but our wait for the server to come over and take our order was a longer than usual wait considering how long we had been seated (I'm assuming they are short staffed b/cuz not all tables were full but there was a long line). Also, it took a while for our food to come out, and we didn't order anything fancy. Ok, now on to the food and service. The individual that waited on us was very nice and helpful, it was not her area but she was helping out which we greatly appreciated the awesome ""TEAMWORK "", which is a plus in my book.  We ordered the ""Snooze Classic"" and the ""French Toast Neat"", I enjoyed both of them, although it took a while, my order was correct and my food was hot. My bacon was good and crispy, cooked like I liked and it wasnt salty. Overall, it was a basic breakfast really can't go wrong with the basics. Oh, my french toast was pretty good with the fresh sliced strawberries on top. This was my 1st time here and I'm going back. I believe I must try the ""Corned Beef Hash"" and the ""Pineapple Upside-down Pancakes"". Sooooo, with that being said, ""I'll be back"" (in my Arnold Schwarzenegger Terminator voice )!"
"Maybe I didn't order the right things. Our server was not enthusiastic and rarely cracked a smile. She seemed tired and not in the mood to be extra friendly, although a server wearing a Zeds Dead hat was awesome and helped with our table often. My blueberry pancake was plain and not really fluffy, nothing special. I got a sandwich called ""Sandwich I Am"" and the sausage was way too salty and oily. The sauce lacked flavor. It just tasted like cream. The coffee was okay. I wouldn't wait an hour to eat here. I'd rather go to Baby Barnaby's for brunch."
"The food is always great. The service is beyond terrible. 

No one is ever rude, they are just completely unable to handle the amount of demand that they currently have. So after waiting for over an hour usually to get a table, then they mess up your order because they are flustered and in the weeds. 

Sometimes I call in a ""to go"" order, but about half the time they mess that up. Today I put in a ""to go"" order, but when I showed up, they had no record of my order -- they just lost it. So I had to put in my order again in person, and then wait. Many times, I'll call to put in an order, and they simply won't answer the phone -- they're just too busy to get to it. Other times, when I get ""to go"", I get home to learn that the order is wrong in some way.

Again, they're never rude, they always try hard, they just can't handle how popular they are right now. Nonetheless, this has to get better, or people will stop coming.

And obviously, if I keep coming back, it must because the food is great, which it is. But it's starting to just be too big of a hassle to deal with Snooze. Here's hoping that they figure out how to scale."
"Have visited twice.  Both times food ordered was really nice but refills on coffee slow.  Particularly on the second visit  when coffee refilled the waitress was asked for more cream.  After 10 minute wait still no cream until a waiter walked by and asked if everything ok and told ""no"" to which he promptly bought fresh coffee with cream! Our waitress never returned until she bought our bill. I wld prefer to have a jug of coffee on the table to self pour."
"Second visit to Snooze. Not so great. So far, I find it highly overrated. I knew the shrimp and grits was a stretch. They should take it off the menu. The alleged Spanish chorizo was replaced with regular ground breakfast sausage. The grits were dry. The shrimp were small. They were the type that are kind of translucent and don't taste like shrimp. There was no cheese in the grits. No green pepper or jalapeno. The egg yolk was overcooked and broken. The cocktails were pretty good. The only saving grace is that I can help people not order the shrimp and grits. Yuck."
"This place has been packed on the weekends, so we haven't made it around until mid-week. I  parked on the street because parking here is semi-terrible and cramped.

I was sat immediately though by a friendly and cheerful hostess. As I walked to my seat though - I noticed that the floors felt odd beneath my feet. They were slightly slippery, not enough so that I was in danger of falling, but enough that I felt like I could skate across them if I tried. They were also kinda bouncy or soft.

The coffee seemed a little burnt, but I am new to the coffee 'scene' so it could have just been me.

The bacon in my omelette was allllllmost burnt, but still edible. I do like it crispy - so I didn't complain. The hashbrowns were delightful. I love their hashbrowns as they have a slightly creamy taste/texture to them.

My waitress was friendly and polite and always there to make sure I was good to go.  

I hear they're opening several more of these in the area:  GOOD."
"I first heard about Snooze via Instagram promotions in conjunction with local foodie IG accounts, and I was curious to see what the hype was about. The hour or so wait for a table for 2 on a mid-August Sunday for late brunch/lunch, though bordering absurd, definitely gave me confidence in the place. The people of Houston know their food. The only other inconvenience would be the parking; definitely expect to park along the lanes of the adjacent residential areas if you come at peak hours.

I ordered the Benny Duo with one steak and eggs benedict and one classic smoked salmon benedict along with a cold brew iced coffee. The cold brew was smooth, a far cry from the bitter cold brew from your average Starbucks. The entree was wonderful; poached egg done to perfection with a decadent hollandaise sauce. Snooze really knows how to offset the richness of the egg and hollandaise with their garnishes. The capers and sun dried tomato garnish on the smoked salmon benedict added that perfect acidic bite, and the gremolata on the steak and eggs benedict was really nice. 

Service was super attentive and quick, definitely a repeat staple spot for those lazy Sunday mornings, or any time you want brunch and an excuse to day drink with a mimosa."
Good food and good drinks! Love the pancake varieties too!
My go to spot for breakfast/brunch. Delicious farm to market fresh ingredient and awesome selections.  I love the cinnamon roll and upside down pancakes.  A must have when ordering pancake flight!
"This is the perfect definition of a great brunch spot. They had plenty of Bloody Mary options, a staple in my brunching. I decided to go with their classic / regular option and it was just what my hungover self needed. The food was absolutely delicious. We sat on their patio and it was perfect with the heat lamps on as well as the great music they played. Loved Snooze and can't wait to be back!"
"(Lyrics - AWOLNATION - Sail)

Snooze

This is how I show my love
I sang it in Bo Bites because
Blame it on my bright Bowtie baby

This is how a pancakes made
Yelp it on my own reviews
Blame it on my bright Bowtie baby

Snooze, Snooze
Snooze, Snooze, Snooze

Hit the Snooze one more time!

Oh wait, welcome to Snooze AM Eatery and highly popular breakfast/brunch joint that I first heard about out in the SD area.  When I attended I had to wait for 30 mins with my gang.  No worries I expected to wait since it only opens during the day.  When we finally sat we all decided to share the pancake trio - Pancake of the Day (Blueberry syrup with powdered sugar), Strawberry-Rhubarb, and the BanaNutella.  Of course we all each order an entree.  I went with Snooze Spud Deluxe - a plate of hash browns mixed with bacon and chorizo and topped with an overeasy egg!  Overall, this dish was a crunchy, mix of breakfast meat and egg with it's oozy yolk which helped mellow out the bite -- Yummy! 

The pancakes were okay I thought.  I'm not much of a dessert pancake guy; the strawberry one was soggy since it was drenched in the strawberry-rhubarb sauce.  My favorite was the BanaNutella pancake - crunch of the hazelnuts and soft at the same time with a savory nutella!  We ordered the OMG French Toast just to top it off -- OMG was it good!  

Overall, great service and the ambiance was vibrant and full of life.  A great way to start off the morning with good old fashion yet modern breakfast! - Enjoy!"
"Staff Was Great, friendly and helpful. The meal I had,( Shrimp & Grits), was Good but the portion was small. Overall Good place To get some Brunch!"
"Husband and I came a month ago and received excellent service and good food!  We were so impressed with our server that we raved about her to the manager!
Glad to have Snooze in the neighborhood."
Uhg!  Some of the worst food I have ever eaten!  Took forever to get the food and deffinately NOT worth the wait!
"Ever since discovering Snooze a few months ago, I have never been able to eat breakfast food the same. I have been back to snooze every two weeks, and I'm still in love with this place! My favorite meal is their pancake flight where you can choose a selection of 3 pancakes. I go with the pineapple upside down, blueberry Danish, and cake of the day. Sometimes when I'm not feeling too hungry I'll just get the pineapple upside down single cake for $4.50. In addition, I get an egg and hash browns as a salty side. 

Other items that I've gotten: the smoked salmon eggs Benedict and their monkey French toast. Both good dishes, but they can't beat the pancakes. 

Tip: NEVER go here on the weekend or on a holiday. There have been a few times where I've walked out after hearing about the hour long wait to get a table-- that's just too long for my impatient self. Weekdays don't usually have wait times. Parking can also be a struggle. They have a very small parking lot but luckily there's street parking available."
"Coffee wasn't very good and the food was just ""ok"". Seems to have a lot of hype and not a lot of bite. Didn't feel like like I got ripped off just no real desire to go back. Oh well."
"We decided to eat here based on other yelp reviews during our visit to Houston. The lines here are really long on the weekends. We decided to get there ""early"" on a Saturday around 8am to beat the morning rush but at that time there was already a 45 minute wait. The wait is definitely worth it. My husband got the Ham Benedict III and he said it was delicious. I got the pancake flight which includes 3 pancakes on your choice. I decided to try the pineapple upside, blueberry danish, and the sunburst cakes and omg they were hands down the best pancakes I have tried. The portion sizes were pretty big which was another plus. You will definitely leave here satisfied, full, and ready for another food coma induced nap."
"So surprised and amazed to visit this cozy and lovely brunch place, we ordered a pot pie and a French toast, they both tastes so amazing. Satisfied so well with our two hungry stomach."
Fast friendly brunch spot. Love the options they have and have never had a bad dish.  The pancakes are amazing. Can get pretty crowded and the wait isn't always quick but a good brunch spot to bring the family to.
"This place was a real disappointment for breakfast this morning. The wait was 45 minutes long at peak hours, which we expected, but the food & service was beyond sub-par. 

I have an issue with the 2-person tables here: they're small. Very small. And with all the condiments and sugar packets and drink menu, there was hardly any space for two people to sit comfortably. I had to take all the crap off the table and set it on the seat next to me. 

We ordered a chilequilles benedict as well as a pancake flight to share. We actually ordered 2 pancakes and a French toast, but the waitress brought us 3 pancakes, one which we never ordered and didn't know what it even was. The portions of both plates were much smaller than what we would've considered a normal order at any other breakfast restaurant, and for the price this was definitely not worth it. Our waitress never even got back with us for a water refill, so we couldn't even make the order right with the French toast missing. 

Anyway, we don't recommend this place at all. The service was nonexistent and the food was barely ok. Hipster plastic kitsch. No thanks."
"There is a 20-30 minute wait for this place but the food makes it worth it. However, our waiter was awful and showed only three times throughout our entire meal. Once to take our order, once to clean our plates, and once to pick up the check. 

Our food took 30-45 minutes to arrive and when I looked around, other customers with different waiters got their food before us even though we were seated before them by 10-15 minutes. The waiter wasn't even the one to give us our food and he never checked in with us to see if the food was good or if we needed anything else. 

I also ordered an iced mocha which he asked me if I had a preference for almond or soy milk, but failed to mention the extra 75 cent charge until I saw it on my receipt. Ordered my drink early too and didn't even get it until after I got my food. Someone else actually brought the drink after I asked them about it after receiving my food. Apparently he didn't even enter in my drink order because the first drink they brought to me was a hot coffee with creamer...I had to correct the drink order with the food runner who finally gave me my actual drink order after another 5 minutes. 

Really, really bad experience with the service here. However, the food was delicious, which saved the rating. I would probably go back for the food again (it was that good), but this time request a different waiter than the one I got this time."
Amazing pancakes! Great hash browns. Good coffee! I think what I got was a molten chocolate pancake? I can't really remember. Either way. It was delicious.
Place was gross nice atmosphere but that's it . My elementary school cafeteria had better tasting food. Maybe if I didn't have taste buds I'd enjoy it
One of my favorite breakfast places. I usually get the three egg omelette and it's pretty amazing! I love love love it here. As you wait for your food they do have various games you could play as you wait for your food! Their service is pretty good. Also don't forget to ask about their daily pancake special! 9times out of 10 you'll love it.
"Well worth the wait!!! We figured there must be something good about this place given the 45min wait on a Wednesday morning....and we were right the food here was delicious!! I kept it simple with the classic breakfast and a flight size sweet potato pancake (ummm yum) and my friend had the corn beef breakfast with the flight size pancake of the day, a cornmeal pancake with sausage and cheese, also yum. Both of our meals were excellent! 

This place will definitely be on my list of breakfast spots while in Houston."
"I'm really torn on this review because the food is truly incredible, but the wait time for brunch is just insane. On average, it's a 2 hour wait on the weekends. That has been my experience and most all of my friends who've been here. Just wanted to throw that out there so you know what to expect. Now, let's get down to business on the food.

In one word: YUM! I may be a little biased because I LOVE eggs Benedict and they have a whole section of the menu dedicated to different types of benedict. I have also good things about the sweeter things on the menu, but if you're thinking savory - go Benedict. 

The drinks are meh. They have a variety of mimosas, but none of them struck my fancy. They also don't sell pitchers, which is kind of a let down for a brunch spot. 

All in all, worth the shot. Try to go with a small group and scout out the bar because it's open seating there. Good luck!"
Love this place! I have been here probably 10 times and the they only screwed up my food once. The Benedict's are always great! Make sure go knowing that you will probably wait for an hour to an hour and a half. You can put your name on the list and they will text you so oh can leave and run an errand before. They do not answer the phone or take reservations.
"3 REASONS TO TRY SNOOZE

1. Bacon is served here (the good stuff).

2. Exceptional service...even when there's a bit of a wait. 

3. The Bella-Bella Benedict with prosciutto, arugula, and balsamic glaze is downright awesome. It can also be ordered with a side of bacon. :)"
The wait is pretty long but you know there are things to do while you wait or just some good old fashion patience. The french toast flight was excellent. I didn't really like my egg dish which is probably just because I'm not a big fan of scrambled eggs. The whole business is just great though... the menus... the set up... the colors... the flow... the attentiveness from the wait staff and their knowledge of dishes. It was a pretty cool. I could actually go for some french toast right now. I believe we had the banana bread french toast.... OOOhhh nomnomnom
"A wonderful place for breakfast with a friendly staff. I had the breakfast pot pie.  Flaky puff pastry with an awesome country gravy. Also came with house made hash browns.  Soo good. Sister in law had the shrimp & grits. Sausage had some bite but all and all good. The grits was very tasty and made me forget I don't like grits. The omg French toast was done well. And the pancake flight was all good. My favorite from the trio was the pineapple upside down pancake.  

Highly recommend. Only downside parking kinda sucks. One small lot and street parking"
"SO GOOD! My friend insisted that we do ""Sunday Funday"" in Houston so we started off here for brunch. Parking is okay, there's a small lot and plenty of street parking. The wait is pretty long, my date & I got there around 1pm & were told the wait would be 1hr to 1hr & 15mins. We waited about 45mins. It was worth it. We chilled in the car & took pictures in the area to pass the time. 

The inside is very clean and crisp. The menu is full of options! Very reasonable prices. Fast service! Which makes up for the wait. I order the pomegranate margarita, which was honestly one of the best margaritas I've had. I'd recommend this over the mimosas. I order a Blueberry Danish pancake and the Snooze Spud Deluxe, which is hash browns topped with cheese scallions and two extra toppings of your choice, I chose bacon and avocados. The pancake was very good, not too sweet, the blueberry and the lemon cream cheese filling blended very well. The spud deluxe was delicious! Filling, flavorful but not overwhelming. I tasted my date's French toast and that was just as good! 

You can't go wrong with this place! Get there early so you won't end up eating later than you planned. Try and make sure everyone orders something different so you can get a taste of everything!"
I really don't know what all the fuss is about. Snooze is just okay. Don't worthy of lining up for a half hour to get in.
"First of all, EXPECT A WAIT!  We went during the week at about 10a and the wait was about 20 minutes.  Party of two had breakfast tacos, and I had an egg white omelette.  They put TEQUILA IN THEIR MIMOSAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!! They gave us a single pancake of the day on the house while we waited.  I think it was Dos Leches, and it was heaven.  The real heaven was the cinnamon roll pancake I ordered.  I'm pretty sure it was made by Lucifer himself just to raise your blood sugar to 1000 ( yes, I typed one thousand! LOL!).  We're going back again this week!!"
The food is really good. Great portions. And the staff are very polite. Alexis was the best waitress I've ever had; she was nice to us and she even sat down and had some laughs. But the background music was EVERYTHING!!! No wonder they come so highly recommended...
"3 of us went on Sunday.  The wait gets longer and longer on weekends.  At least be up front about how long it will really be.  Once in the server was very rushed, and the orders were a bit mixed up.  She tried to make up for it, but when items are left out from prepared food it is not quite the same when they are added on the side.  Think it is just best to go to this place during the week and avoid the crowds."
"I have eaten at the Scottsdale, Tempe, and Phoenix Camelback locations of this hip eatery.  Each time I have gone the service and the food have been consistently stellar.  Snooze does not shy away from custom creations or substitutions. This is refreshing because their policy ensures that you will get exactly what you want for breakfast/brunch.  If you are a breakfast traditionalist, try the Snooze Classic.  You will get a sampler of eggs, choice of meat, toast, and hash browns.  If you are more into pancakes, they feature a pancake of the day, such as coffee cake.  I highly recommend the sweet potato pancakes and the pineapple upside down pancakes.  Of course they do have delicious plain pancakes as well.  This place is always a win and will not disappoint."
"Fairly disappointed. Six of us waited over an hour to eat here for weekend brunch, we were very excited, but the following happened:

1) There were misplaced chocolate chips under the eggs that melted into the eggs. Chocolate and eggs do not taste good together.

2) The avocado was so underripe and hard that it could not be cut with a knife and definitely was not edible.

3) The bacon had some odd, sweet butter / grease on it. Not sure if it was intentional. It was almost like an icing.

4) Normally in these situations, food would be sent back and new food requested, but after waiting over an hour to be sat, by the time the food came out, no one was interested in waiting any longer.

This was a miss."
"A group of us went here for brunch because we heard good things. First off, let me just say that the food is good and had a large variety to choose from. There's something for everybody. The atmosphere is quite friendly because everyone is either at the bar or standing and chatting as they are waiting for a table. Don't be deterred by the outrageous wait time they give you when you check-in on the weekend. We were told for a party of four that it would be one hour and thirty minutes. I turned a stopwatch on and we were alerted that our table was ready after 21 minutes. 

The nice and friendly atmosphere continued to the table and our waiter who worked hard to get us everything we needed. Our table got the eggs Benedict, two classics with ham & sausage, the OMG French toast and the snooze breakfast burrito with pulled pork and avocado. Everything tasted great. The OMG French toast is a must have! 

Why I bumped my rating to a three star was because my brother's plate; the classic with sunny side up eggs and sausage had a hair right in the runny part of the egg white. It was hard to miss. Of course, it was fixed right away with a new plate but we were disappointed with the sanitary situation going on in the kitchens. 

Overall, I would come back again but I would look twice at my food before I ate it due to my experience."
"As per the great reviews, recommendation from a friend, and really great sounding menu I decided to try brunch at Snooze. 

Sunday Brunch wait was 1 hour and 1/2, which I completely expected and was happy for me and my lovely +1 to wait for. We very much appreciated the attempt at a parking lot, complimentary coffee, text message alert when our table was ready, and random board games to make our wait very accommodating. 

The interior seemed pretty great, a mix of modern with a Lebowski retro diner feel. Although, we didn't get to inspect it too much as we decided to sit outside since the weather is perfect as usual for a Houston November day.

It was at this point however, that we ran into a few problems. As a person who has waited/bartended in the service industry in Houston for a few years, I make these comments and suggestions in complete sincerity because I hope this establishment can improve and thrive- 

The host, whom was very nice, escorted us to our table, and this is where so many of our problems could have easily been avoided: Since it was busy and it was obvious that the proper amount of help was not hired, the host should have made sure we had place settings, basic salt and pepper, menus, and a drink order if we were ready to give to our waiter. So that he could avoid making more trips. Very easy things for the host to do that would make everyone's job so much easier.

The waiter, whom was nice enough, did not greet us for over 10 minutes. We probably wouldn't have noticed if anyone bothered to acknowledge us, or at least signaled a busser to drop off water. We placed a drink order for waters and coffee and I had ordered a Bloody Mary. We get our water/coffee, but I don't get my Bloody Mary, and we still do not have place settings, or anything to stir our cream/sweetener for our coffee. Waiter comes back, it's obvious by now that he completely forgot my Bloody Mary, I don't bring it up because our coffee was getting cold and we still had nothing to stir with and focused on getting silverware, which he still
forgot to bring. So he leaves because we were not yet ready to order and so he can get us silverware. He never comes back with silverware. 10 more minutes pass and we had been ready to order. We flag a waitress down, she takes our order and we ask her to please get us silverware for our now cold coffee. She doesn't bring us silverware. But another random waitress comes by drops off the silverware without as much as looking our way, I say ""thank you"" she doesn't acknowledge us... I am pretty sure she didn't miss a step, it was like she was passing off a baton in a relay race. 

Our original waiter then comes back to take our order, having no clue that someone else already took our order, when we tell him, he seemed peeved by it, which was a little awkward. Anyway, we ordered the pancake flight with peanut butter cup, blueberry danish, and sweet potato pancakes. I get the Chilequiles Benedict, she gets the Havana Daydreaming. The Sweet Potato Pancake was the star of the show, perfectly done with the right amount of everything, bravo chef! However, as genius as the rest of the food sounded, it was just average and lacking well-executed flavor, it was rather just a pile of good ingredients that the chef threw together they maybe they thought we would overlook. The peanut butter cup pancake was just a pancake slathered with way too much peanut butter (I never in my wildest dreams thought I'd say that!) and chocolate syrup, Blueberry Danish pancake was not bad, the Chilequiles Benedict... I don't know what I expected from a Colorado Mexican dish, but nothing about it had anything to do with Chilequiles, and the barbacoa was just dry shredded beef, and the poblano hollandaise was again slathered on. The Havana Daydreaming, man we had such high hopes. But as much as it had going on, it was bland! She needed salt, none of the tables had salt, there was none at the waiter station. We went through the same long, drawn out process as we did for silverware, with not one, or two, but three waiters deep and a random busser came to the rescue. The table next to has ALSO asked for salt and ALSO never got any. They had to resort asking us for salt.

So that's it, if you've made it this far, great! I wish nothing but the best for this establishment, if someone invites me to go back, I'll go give it a second chance. However, as far as me recommending it to friends, Houston has better."
"Before going there, I was excited that I might have finally found a good Benedict place in Houston. But it was not as amazing as what I was hoping. The combo option give you the opportunity to pick 2 different egg benedicts which I thought it's really cool and other places should do the same. We also got OMG french toast, i wish it was a bit less sweet. That's why they don't get 5 star from me. 
Oh and also, kind of slow service. They had plenty of chairs open but kept people in waitlist! Which did bother me."
"I ordered the pancake flight (sweet potato, blueberry and the special) and the pulled pork eggs Benedict... OH MY GOSH. The pancakes were delicious but the eggs Benedict were out of this world! Definitely one of my favorite breakfasts. 

The only reason I'm rating it 4 stars is because the service wasn't all too great. We waited a while for the table then once seated we weren't given any drinks for about 10 minutes and served for about an hour. Overall, great little place though!"
"Love this place. I try something new (OMG French Toast, Benny Benedict, Chilaquiles Benedict, Cinnamon Swirl Pancakes) every time I go and everything has been out of this world. When you come, be prepared to wait and drink some mimosas while you get seated. I have gone at 7am on a Monday and had a wait time!"
I literally go here 4x a month. So far the best breakfast place in Houston in my opinion. Never thought breakfast food could get any better. But at Snooze it is! I recommend the shrimp and grits. Also the flight pancake is to die for . Let's not forget about the mimosas. Super good as well. They close early so you might want to start your day off here.
"WORTH THE WAIT. LIVES UP TO THE HYPE.

This is one of those places where you keep eating even though you're full because it's just that good. There are so many good things to say about this place. I love that there is a wide selection on the menu for both foods and drinks. There is definitely something for everyone! 

We had the pancake flight (highly recommend), the batman returns pancake, and the super spuds deluxe with bacon and caramelized onions. Everything was so delicious!! I usually don't like fruit pancakes because they either taste too sweet, don't work well together, or just taste artificial. Dear lord, this place knows what they are doing. The pancakes are just so fluffy and everything they put in the pancakes is the perfect flavor combination. My personal favorite is the pineapple one. I could eat so many of those. If you're feeling adventurous try the batman returns. It has a really interesting twist to a regular blueberry pancake. The hash was also so good. It had the perfect amount of cheese, scallions, and seasoning. 

Overall, this place is just excellent in terms of flavor, price, and proportions. I'm really looking forward to coming back here. There's definitely a reason why it's so popular!"
"Yum, yum, yum!  The salmon lox Benny was delicious! I highly recommend it, but it can be a tad salty. The blueberry pancakes were very blueberry. Just as they should be! The danish blueberry pancake was sinful! I ate every bit! If you're in the area you should check out this place. It's a winner!"
The place is nice for family brunch but I am not really sure what all the hype is about. There is always a long wait here! I didn't feel like there was anything extra special about the food. We ordered the flight of pancakes  and the French toast.
"I've only been once but I'm not quite on the bandwagon. I had heard such wonderful things about Snooze, and was SO excited to try their pancake flight, but didn't feel like they were outstanding or unique. The rest of their menu seemed somewhat standard as well. I will be going back to give this place another shot and see if other menu items really stand out!"
The breakfast here is served for Kings. Large portions and tasty. I usually get the classic platter or the pineapple upside down pancakes(to die for). The pancakes arE HUGE! They are a meal on their own. The service is fast and welcoming. The coffee keeps coming and it's a pretty neat breakfast joint.
"I've never had better Mimosas or service from anywhere and being a born and raised Houstonian, I actually tried this chain in Denver for the first time and it holds the same standard city to city and obviously state to state. Chef Gordon Ramsey should check them out. If that's impossible all of their employees deserve recognition for the way they easily connect with guests no matter their race or what they're dressed like."
"Went to Snooze this morning around 1000 with my dog, Bubba. We sat outside which, in this heat, was a questionable decision but with Bubba along for the ride we didn't have a choice. We were seated on the back patio in the shade and it was actually pretty nice! Our server promptly provided a water bowl for bubba and took our orders. We both made a couple of changes to our order and the server was happy to accommodate us. I had the egg scramble with bacon and sub'd the toast for a sweet potato pancake with blueberries. Food came out quickly and was delicious. Honestly I don't know what else to say. It was a great meal with great service. 5 stars!"
"So we used to love this place for breakfast. Not anymore. Our family went last weekend and had a very disappointing experience. A long wait is expected so you can't be upset about that. We has a very snotty waiter with a condescending attitude. yuck. Our food took FOREVER to come out. Like I said, we go to this place a lot and always wait to get seated. We have never waited over an hour for food after ordering. My breakfast was burned and horrid. It was full of fat. And I had ordered the corn beef hash before and it was amazing! Not this time! I should have sent it back but we took our friends and I had bragged about how amazing the food was! Plus I told the waiter it was burned and he said it as supposed to be that way. So I sucked it up. Waiter kept forgetting to bring extra things we had asked for: whipped cream, refills, etc. He never even asked for 2 of our drink orders initially while we perused the menu.....
I have to say I am very upset with myself for spending over $100 on breakfast and walking away without raising an issue......"
"I have nothing but good things to say about this place! I have been waiting so long to finally try this restaurant out and I am so glad I finally have! It's true... the wait can be long but I promise it is SO worth it!! Their menu is vast and to be honest it is so so hard to make a decision bc everything sounds so good! I'm a sucker for eggs benedict so this is basically my go to dish. They have a good selection and a variety of different eggs benedict. I've tried about 4 dishes and every single one is so delicious, there's no way I could chose a best. I've had the classic ham benedict, chilaquiles, early harvest bunny, and Bella Bella bunny. All of them are amazing! I would highly recommend those. I've also had the pleasure of enjoying a cinnamon roll pancake and it actually WOW'D me! It's basically a fluffy-sweet-delectable concoction of pure glee (my mouth is watering as I type this). Go on now give them a try!"
"Best brunch I've had in ages! I would absolutely come back to try more of their spectacular menu. I tried the Lox and the Bella Eggs Benedict, sweet corn pancake of the day and the pineapple upside down pancake. Every single item was outstanding!"
"I absolutely loved my first food experience at Snooze. We arrived at 10 am on a Saturday, and there was an hour and 15 minutes wait. I've become accustomed to restaurants that take reservations, so I was surprised and sad snooze didn't, especially with the amount of traffic and limited space they have. Once our time had gone by, we got the text our table was ready. On the way, we were approach by people from a newspaper with a promotion.... Long story short - we got two free mimosas!  Now, the food. Everything looked amazingly delicious. I am a French toast aficionado, and must say - these are pretty high on my list!! The OMG French toast (sans coconut) made you literally say OHHHHMYYGOD.... repeatedly... Until the meal is done. That was freakin' edible heaven. I also got the 2 eggs with cheese/hashbrowns/bacon plate.... Which was also perfect. Don't judge me. I was hungry  and I ate all of it and had another mimosa! The meal was DEFINITELY happy-dance worthy, and I did bust a couple moves, as I always do when I'm happy with what I'm eating... The staff were real nice, and our server was very attentive. I had about an inch of French toast left on my plate, asked for a box (just to see his reaction) and he was really going to go get me a box.  He was nice.... Everything was great!  But that 1.15 hour wait with no reservation option, in the HEAT... That was brutal, and a factor that may make me rethink returning soon... But I'm sure I'll be back eventually."
"This place is delicious!!great atmosphere! Great service! The nitro cold brew coffee is a. Must try! Their pancakes and French toast are light, sweet, and delightful. Shrimp grits is full
Of bold flavor. I wish they used fresh shrimp, but still a tasty brunch option! And a definitive must have when you're here is the pineapple upside down pancake. It's... it's... it's everything in flavor explosion in your mouth that you'd ever want!! Just try it!"
Never answer phone to place Togo orders for patrons not physically able to wait for 1 hr plus: last time I went they skipped over my reservation/place on seating list /and only sat me when I asked about after the quoted seat time of 45 mins / sat at 1hour 15 mins/ Why have phone if not going to answer it????
"This hidden treasure is aptly named- you'll eat and drink so much that you'll need to snooze afterward! 

The rich, buttery, and uniquely flavored pancakes are a must-have! If you prefer a savory brunch, you can choose from a plethora of creamy, rich, and flavorful options including many varieties of eggs Benedict, sandwiches, and scrambles! There are endless vegetarian and gluten free options upon request. The service is awesome and the staff is very accommodating. 

Pair your meal with a boozy coffee or light and fruity cocktail; there's no shame in day drinking when the drinks are this divine! 

There's only one downside to this restaurant- it's popularity means that you'll have to wait in line! Be sure to arrive very early- this place gets crowded around 8-9am!"
"I ordered a latte for the sake of a latte art. There was barely a design and not even picture worthy. I was told to contact them via email, but hasn't heard any sort of statement back. Due to the wait, it's not worth it to even come back  to get a latte or whatever ""apology"" they provide. 

My biggest pet peeve is that they would even serve something like that to a customer."
"First off, this restaurant was DELICIOUS. We are visiting out of town for work and I really hope to go again because I loved it so much. Second, we had the best waitress I have ever had at a restaurant I think. Jessica, you are a rockstar!  Not only was she so passionate about the company she works for and was talking about how great it was to work there, but her customer service was amazing. She checked in on us the perfect amount and was so educated about the menu and what there was to offer, I almost bought 5 meals because she was selling me on all the yummy options.   She also made the sweetest gesture and bought us a gluten free cinnamon roll pancake for the table to try. It was such a nice treat and was soo sweet of her! I will definitely recommend this spot for anything visiting Arizona! Thank you Jessica for the positive and happy start to the day!"
"This is my husband and I's favorite breakfast place we have tried in a long time. We arrived on a Sunday morning around 9am. Quoted a 30 minute wait for 2 adults and a highchair. Our wait was exactly what we were told. Nice waitress and discussed that they can help customize your breakfast even if you want half of one of their dishes. The food was SO good. I ended up getting two Juan's tacos and a small side of the pineapple upside down pancakes. I was expecting a little more sauce/pineapple on the pancakes but everything was delicious. My only suggestion would be to make them easier to find on the internet. I always forget the name of this restaurant and it is VERY hard to try to locate in the internet search.

Definitely worth the wait."
I love this place. Sure it gets busy but it's worth the wait. Would love to see them start carrying oat milk and sugar free syrup.
This place is worth the wait. Incredible and unique options. Don't pass up the pancake flight or the mimosas (they have so many kinds!). You can get two kinds of eggs benedict as one plate. You can basically substitute anything for anything. Spoons is tha BEST. Fantastic server. Really knows her stuff and is super fun!
"Snooze has a great diner vibe and the food is always tip top. We arrived at 1:55pm (they close at 2:30) and were seated and ordered by 2:10 but it took 40 minutes for the food to come out! Somehow there were bugs everywhere and one landed in my drink and the rest were flying around us the remainder of our meal. Otherwise, our server Darius (?) was great and helpful in making meal choices."
"I love the Snooze in Denver, although for this location the breakfast is hit or miss. I will admit I've always had a polite and happy server!"
"Great food and love the environment definitely worth the wait. Blueberry pancakes loaded with blueberries, fluffy eggs and delicious mimosa's."
Excited to see Snooze debut in Houston after enjoying it several times in Denver. Quoted 30 minute wait on a Tuesday morning and waited about 15 minutes. Service was excellent as was the food. Parking is a beast. Looking forward to our next visit.
"The food is delicious, but waiting around in a looooong line is not for me, so we always place our order over the phone and just do pick-up. Food has always been great either way."
"While the food was good, the flight of pancakes was cold when arrived to table. I don't know if it was too many cold ingredients on top of the pancakes. They would have been perfect if served hot."
I came here on a Friday at about 11 am and there was a 30 minute wait. Luckily we got a spot right in front and just waited in our car. They text you when your table is ready. We loved this place because they had gluten free pancakes and French toast! It is so hard to find gluten free French toast! I ordered the short beef hash. It was really good. My boyfriend had eggs Benedict and they were able to also make that gluten free! We were so surprised and happy they were so accommodating in terms of gluten. I also had the spicy Bloody Mary and it was very good. This is definitely a great brunch spot!
"Yes! Now this place gets an A+. Want to know the best part...the servers.

Genuine...pleasant..and accomodating..That's what I like. A bit ecclectic, but what the heck. Its crowded, but they treat you like you are the only one in the place. 

Give this one a try...you'll be pleasantly surprised."
"Friendly service, great food and good location. Love the sweet potato hash with two over easy eggs. Large portions and good drinks - I always get a mimosa with fresh squeezed juices which are also delicious."
I finally have a favorite breakfast spot in Houston! Snooze turned out to be everything I ever dreamed about. Eating here is a MUST! The French Toast and Eggs Benedict were the absolute best! I will be coming back to try lots of new things!
Phenomenal menu. Delicious food. Fun presentation and absolutely worth the (inevitable) 2 hour wait.
"I ate at Snooze after arriving in PHX to see my parent's. We went here based on the reviews and proximity to the airport. 

It was VERY BUSY on a Wednesday, it took 20 to get a seat. It's a cool looking place, kind of modern and retro. 

My only complaint is there's no waiting area, so we just stood by the door. We looked at the menu in advance, and in Reno, I like Brad's Huevo's at Peg's, so I thought I would try it here. 

We sat and our server was Fanny. Fanny was very nice and personable and we quickly ordered and got some great coffee. 

Before the food came out there was a mysterious blueberry pancake and we were all confused because my parents are low carb, and being a Dragon, I would never get full off a pancake, so I didn't order, turns out Fanny was giving us a Special ""On The House Pancake""!!! Very Cool!!! =) 

It was the BEST PANCAKE I have ever eaten, and I am not a big fan of pancakes. It was made a hot grill so it was a great cook with texture on the outside, and inside was delicious and as you get to the center there's like lemon cream cheese. Anyways if you like pancakes you found Pancake Heaven Here! 

My Huevo's arrived and I did Reno ""Brad"" style by getting a sausage patty underneath. All the meats here are thoughtful as they tell you the farm everything comes from and you could 100% taste the specialness. My sausage patty was the highlight! 

Why only 4 Stars? Mainly because as I often do, my reviews are comparisons, and if Brad's Huevo's at Peg's is 5 Stars, it's hard to live up to that. My favorite part of this meal was the sauce it 100% grows on you and the sausage patty. If you are in PHX, I would definitely check this place out! AND...If you are smart, ask for Fanny, if you want great and personable service! =)"
"Food was amazing. Would highly recommend getting the Steak + Eggs Benny. The grit cakes were a huge hit. 
We had to wait a bit to get our table, but that's understandable. The service could have been a lot better. By the point we were seated, the rush was dying down, but it still took ages to get our drinks, take our orders, and have any requested items delivered to the table."
"After weeks of seeing lines wrapped around this place, I finally convinced my husband to go on one of the mornings during the week we had off. Random Tuesday, 10:30 am, there's still about a 15 minute wait to sit down. The parking is not so great since the lot is SO SMALL, so you'll have to rely on neighborhood parking and a few spots that are available for parallel right on Montrose. 

We sat down, ordered food, and it seemed like the kitchen was a bit backed up since we waited about 30 minutes to get our food. I ordered the OMG! French Toast and some hashbrowns. 

Let me start with the hashbrowns because they're the star of this place. They're browned and crispy on the outside, exactly what you want from them. You break into this cripsy cylinder of potatoes, and the potatoes are well seasoned, well cooked, and juicy on the inside. Just thinking about these makes my mouth water. 

The OMG! French Toast is a brioche bread which is filled with vanilla cream and served topped with salted caramel, strawberries, and toasted coconut. If it sounds like the thing you grab when you have a sweet tooth, it's exactly that. I'm not sure I would get this again - there are so many other options on the menu - but if your'e craving sweet sweet sweet food, this is it. 

So the big question - would I come back? I'm not all that sure. It was a good experience with good food, but I'm not sure the wait is worth it. It's definitely not worth it on the weekends, and I'm sure this place gets packed during lunch. I think the sweet spot is 9-10 am on weekdays, and unfortunately I'll probably be working."
"I called for a pick up order they said it would be ready in 15 minutes. I got there in 20 minutes. They said it would be 15 more minutes. I waited 30 more minutes. Mind you they arent as busy as usual.(I drive by there all the time) There was no line and people were coming in and being seated but they were a little busy.  Anyways I ordered the sweet potato hash. I take a bite and the sweet potatoes are still extremely crunchy! Its like they only warmed them up and didnt even cook them not even a little bit! I kinda moved everything around and ate from different parts thinking maybe that was the only one, but NOPE it was all of them. Definately not going back. Definately not worth the wait. everyone was nice but thats not worth my time or money."
"The HYPE is a very real thing. I am talking a 90 (but more like 2 hours) minute wait type of hype, y'all!
Arrived at noon, a friend got there early to get a table for 5. BLESS that there is a bar, because with out booze I would have been a very hangry human being. 
Lucky for Snooze, I was in some very good company. The bar is located smack dab in the middIe of everything and sort of disrupts the flow of the restaurant by creating a very congested area. As we waited, I sucked down an aiiite Bloody Mary (that in my honest opinion could have been a little boozier) and then my friend received the text that our table was ready. 

The menu is quite extensive and I knew I was going to have a bit of a challenge trying to narrow it down to what I wanted. Pancakes were on my mind, and after seeing a million different photos posted all over the interwebs I decided to split a pancake flight with a friend. We ordered the special of the day, which was plum berry with marscapone cheese and some sort of almond crumble, pumpkin with cream cheese and a pineapple upside down. The plum was the winner, shockingly it tasted like delicious cobbler and cream! I would hands down order this again and was 100% worth the wait. The pumpkin was everything I expected it to be, with a warm cream cheese center and a sprinkle of sweet and savory toasted pumpkin seeds and a drizzle of syrup. The pineapple upside down needs a lot of work. It was basically a plain pancake with pineapple chunks. I did not detect any butter or that caramel-y brown sugar flavor of a nice moist pineapple upside down cake that I love. All three pancakes were a very good size and shareable between two if you wanted to try something else.  I also ordered the Eggs Benedict and regret sharing with my friend as both halves were very small. The sauce and poached eggs were perfection as well as the hash browns. We ordered an extra side of hash browns and some bacon for good measure. 

Over all, I feel that the portions are small-ish for the amount of time you have to wait and was sort of underwhelmed by what was happening in the Benedict area as far as size goes. If we wouldn't have ordered the pancake flight, I would have been really upset. Service was decent and the food was spectacular. I WILL be back for another pancake flight. Call me crazy, but they were totally worth the wait."
"Boy this place was packed and we had to wait for half an hour but don't worry, the wait was worth it. I got a mix and match of two egg Benedict plates: I like you Elote and Goodman. It came with a hash brown which was pretty yummy. My bf ordered an egg omelet which he said was so good. For my plate, I really really loved the Goodman. The flavor was out of this world and I will so come back for that. The elote one was really different because they have corn in the batter under the egg instead of having toasted bread. It was really good at first, but I felt like the corn was too much by the end of the meal. 

The host was very friendly as well as our waiter, who checked up on us every once in a while. I loved how intimate the booth seating was. I also really loved the music selection haha. I would consider this a hipster place but a very chill one too. 

I definitely will be coming back to order the Goodman and to try their hot chocolate."
Love this place try the red velvet pancakes with the champagne flight the food is exceptional every time I go !
"Food was good, but definitely  not worth the hour + wait. Next time I will have brunch else where due to poor customer service, unadjustafiable wait time, and ineadequate management. The server got my order wrong and  I had to wait an additional 30 minutes to get what I ordered in the first place. If I am going to wait over an hour for food when there are many alertnatives available, the waiter/waitress should get my order right the first time and not make me wait an additional 30 minutes to get what I had originally ordered."
"what a great vibrant environment! we got there at 8 a.m. on a Sunday (probably a 1/4 full at the time) .   Great hard working staff, thoughtfully dressed plates a great start to our first Sunday morning in Beautiful Austin!"
Fascinating place with interesting brunchish menu.   Wait staff was very friendly but service was poor  due to volume.  It's definitely worth a try but be prepared to wait.   The eggs Benedict variations were all very good.  Also recommend the French Toast.
"We went to a Snooze in Boulder, CO and loved it with their gluten free options. We weren't thrilled with this experience though. My food came out barely warm, so I asked if my wife's was hot - Nope, hers was the same. Overall, not impressed this time."
2 hour wait on weekend but definitely worth it. I love the French toast and their mixed drinks they offer. They also have a breakfast pot pie that was really yummy.
Yes this place has a wait but that is because the service and the food are excellent!
"OMG so good , definitely worth it ! As someone who despises eating breakfast and prefers only coffee and fruit , the pancakes were the best with the ginger butter. I got the sweet potato pancakes and my boyfriend (btw he's a big breakfast critic) got the French toast with eggs, bacon , and potatoes. Completely worth the 45 minute wait because you're in for good treat"
Amazing pancakes. Everyone else is par for the course. Line is too long for me. Got things to do... so i always order take out and just pick it up. Coffee in the waiting area is a nice touch though.
"Well.. you definitely can't SNOOZE if you want to get a table at SNOOZE. I arrived at about 10am on a Saturday and I waited an hour and a half for my table for two. This place is beyond popular. But definitely worth the wait if you have good company. They will take your name and phone number at the front to give you a text when the table is ready that way you can do some walking or venture some where near by while you wait. Or, Enjoy some good ol' corn hole outside! (We ended up waiting in the car)

Parking however..horrific. Don't even bother pulling up to the restaurant. Once you get with in walking distance and you see a spot along the street, grab it! 

Who goes to brunch with out getting a mimosa or Bloody Mary? Definitely not a Expert Bruncher! They have a variety of different flavored mimosas, aside from your standard orange and cranberry. The lemonade mimosa was my pick of the day and it was quite refreshing. I'm not a Bloody Mary person myself, however my brunch date said it was great! I also saw an abundance of them being served!


I ordered the Benny Duo (your choice of 2 different benedicts). Perfect for those who are indecisive or want to try two. Out of two, Bella Bella and Chilaquiles,  I favored the Chilaquiles (texmex twist). It also came with hash browns. 

We also had the French toast with bacon bits as a topping! #Greatness. In the Sweet Utopia section of the menu, you can find a abundance of things to make you hyper!

I will definitely be waking up earlier on my Saturday's and making this a regular place. Due to the wait time and atmosphere, leave the young ones at home!"
We had a situation that made us super uncomfortable and the staff identified and solved it without us having to say a word. This place is special and every single employee is amazing. GREAT WORK TEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BOOM!!!!!!!!!!
"Amazing food, but almost every time I use a delivery service the order is completely wrong. They definitely need to refine the prep line because the order is always different."
Went to have brunch and it was an hour wait but it was worth the wait food was great and the service was even better.  Our host was mindful and didn't get upset at my date was phobic over germs.  She complied with all of his request as if it were normal.  Love going here
The food was good but the presentation just seemed basic. The coffee is good to wash down the meal with. I recommend this place and have been on more than one occasion so I do foresee myself going back in the future.
"This place wants to be trendy, but just misses the mark on everything. I don't understand how anyone can mess up eggs Benedict, but they did. The hash was edible, but I've had better. The water was good."
Great place for breakfast. We really enjoy coming here after church on Sundays. Try the Chile Verde Eggs Benedict. Unbelievably good.
Great selection. Team oriented service so there is not a chance for bad service. The food is super awesome and lots of choices. Did I mention that Yellow Bird Sauce? I am so glad Whole Foods carries is as Snooze turned me onto it and the sauce company is an Austin company. The wait may be long but they are unmatched in Houston. GREAT WORK TEAM!!!!! =v )
"Awesome food and excellent service! 
Sat quickly, and was promptly greeted by Lyle. Enjoyed the great weather on the patio and the food came out quick. All the pancakes were delicious, he even brought out one we didn't order just for us to try. 10/10 on both food and service. Coming back for sure, thanks!"
"Came here yesterday on a trip from jersey, from the hosts, to the bartenders, to the server, to the manager, everyone was super pleasant and the food was incredible!! Kudos!!"
"This place is definitely too hyped up. There are a couple of locations in the US so I thought I'd give it a try... it was ok. Nothing too out of this world for brunch/breakfast foods. On top of that, they poured the entire container of hollandaise sauce on my eggs benedict. Not a fan."
"Only reason why I give this place 4 stars is they get super packed on the weekends and the wait staff try to RUSH you once you've gotten your meal to make space for others. I can't blame them for having great food but I don't think it's cool that they try to push you out once you've been waiting for upwards of an hour! 

I got the Chili Verde Benedict with barbacoa which was TO DIE FOR. The eggs were perfectly poached, I asked for the hash browns extra crispy and THEY DELIVERED, and the barbacoa is just perfectly tender and juicy. It was so good, I had to take one to go for my boyfriend to try--he was not disappointed either :)"
"Not sure if it lives up to the hype. Has pretty decent breakfast food, but not worth the long lines it usually has. If you can go on a random weekday it's a good place to grab pancakes, but isn't going to blow your mind."
"I really liked the food they had to offer. very nice environment. there was supposed to be a fifteen minute wait but they quickly called us in five minutes after. overall, I loved this place!"
"This place is so popular so you should be in line here during the weekend. I recommend to come earlier, before 7:30 am. I was waiting when I got there 8 am on Saturday. I like Benedict and pineapple upside down pancake the most!"
"This place is good. I was here twice during the past year. If you want good comfort food breakfast, this is the place to go. I've tried their eggs benedict and it was well made. Be ready to wait, it's usually packed. The good thing is that they will take your phone number and text you when your table is ready. Last time I had to wait around 50 minutes but luckily my friend was late so it worked out."
"Very decent breakfast spot in H-town. The chocolate pancakes were delicious and not overloaded with chocolate like most other places do. the bacon could have been a literally warmer and a tad bit crispier. The hash browns we're good , but nothing that kicks u off of your feet. The hot cocoa was the star of the show tbh...probably the best hot chocolate I've ever had at a breakfast spot..or just in general."
"When you call in a takeout order and they tell you 20 minutes you assume it will take about 20 minutes. I arrived to pick it up 20 minutes later to find out they never even put the order in. They asked me to wait for another 15-20 minutes to get my order. 

What a joke"
"Worth the Wait

It can be said that there's no shortage of breakfast eateries in the valley, however, Snooze an AM eatery stands out above the rest.  If you decide to visit Snooze you better be hungry, or plan on sharing your dish with someone else, because the portions are large and the food is delicious. This place was crowded and ee had to wait to be seated but it was worth the wait.

I highly recommend the ""pancake flight"", three pancakes of your chosing. I went with the peanut butter pancake, pineapple upside down, and sweet potato pancakes. All the pancakes were delicious but the peanut butter will knock you out. My lunch companion decided to go with the ham and eggs benedict and he said it was the best he's ever had.

Service was friendly. With no complaints from either of us, definitely looking forward to my next visit."
"I loved Snooze. I have only eaten there once, but it was melt in your mouth good. I went with my three young daughters and the waitress was very sweet to them and in helping me. I highly recommend the hot chocolate."
"This is a very cute place. The decor and the people would bring me back. Our waiter was so nice. He actually sat down with us and talked through the menu and made some recommendations.

It's standard breakfast food (fresh and tasty, but standard).

The parking was questionable on a Thursday morning...I parked across the street and walked. No biggie!"
"I was thrilled when I got a chance to try a new breakfast place. While Snooze isn't on my rotation of must-eats, I really liked my meal and coffee, and our waitress was funny, friendly and on her game. The only let-down for me were the hash browns; they were presented in fancy looking rounds but they didn't have much flavor and they could have stood to be thinner and cooked until they were actual, y'know, hash BROWNS. But I would definitely go back and I would recommend their flight of eggs benedicts."
"Food is good but not worth the long wait. They also need more seating for smaller parties. My friend and I were told wait time would be 35-40 minutes, but it was actually 1 hour. When asked about why it was longer, they said people are sitting and chatting after eating their food. You're a brunch place, do you not know that people like to take their time at brunch? 
Don't think I'll come again to this location."
Good food but wait time is ridiculous. I recommend the pineapple upside down cake pancakes
"Absolutely love spending a beautiful morning on this back patio! 

The food here is phenomenal, no matter what kind of breakfast you want. You can get Healthy to unhealthy and it is all good. 
I came here with a friend she had the Huevos rancheros. Amazing and a huge portion size!

I got the breakfast Burrito! Yum!  But am trying to be healthy  so I substituted the Egg for vegetables and Avocado! The Soyrizzo and hashbrows are a perfect match when paired with the vegetables and the green chili sauce! 

This burrito is huge so bring your appetite or a Tupperware from home. Because you will have left overs!"
"Came on a 9 am on Sunday and there was a 45 minute wait. There was free coffee so wasn't all bad. The restaurant decor is bright and clean. The service was probably the major downside. It's slower. We sat for 10 minutes prior to be greeted or getting drink orders. Waters never got refilled. Assume wait times would be better if it was more efficient.
Food saved the day though. Or the pancakes. My husband got the trio with pineapple upside down, sweet potato, and the special of the day which was chocolate chip with butterscotch. He really liked them. He got a side of bacon which was nice and crisp. I got the breakfast pot pie which was average. I really liked the hashbrowns but the gravy and puff pastry was salty and didn't really have great flavoring besides salt. Hard to distinct the flavors of gravy. Not my favorite:
I would try again. I think the pancakes are really good and what saved the experience but it is a large menu so there may be other things to my liking!"
"First time today.  Had the three egg omelette.  Came out lukewarm.  Hash browns were cold.  I asked the waiter if they could microwave the hash browns.  She seemed offended and said ""we dont have a microwave.""   

She whispered something to another lady, who waited about 30 secs before coming up to me.  The other lady  said she would get me fresh hash browns.   She apologized and said it's a very cold day and the hash browns werent as hot as normal.  I took a bite and said no these are very hot.   It is clear the plate sat out too long before bring it to my table.  Basically  no response after that."
"If you are looking for a relaxing brunch, I would suggest coming on a week day. Snooze brings out the brunch beasts on the weekend and brunch brings out the B in people. Parking and waiting is intense; as others have mentioned wait times range from 1-2 hours. The wait was 1 hour by 10 AM on Sunday. We managed to grab some seats by the bar, which are first come first serve. (despite being mean mugged by another couple that wanted the seats too)

Recommend:
Sinful pancake: cinnamon roll pancake w/ bacon on top. DELISH

Any of the benedicts: chilaquiles, chile verde, benny

OMG french toast

A-okay:
Breakfast pot pie: the filling was luke warm and the crust is light and flaky. I prefer a more dense, hearty crust."
Absolutely hate the wait on weekends but with proper planning (go to Hermann park in between) it's not too bad. The food is amazing!
"dined in around 1:40 on a tuesday with no wait and had the eggs benedict duo (chile verde and smashed avocado) and their standard breakfast plate. the flavor of most components was fine, but every item was lukewarm at best. to compound the mediocrity of the food was also arguably the worst service i have received at a full service establishment - it essentially ended the moment we placed our food order. our server could not even be burdened to return to the table to process our cash payment, confirm the accuracy of/check on the quality of the food we received, refill beverages, or offer a togo box. which is fine - mediocre service exists. however, when management responded with sheer indifference i can only believe that this accurately reflects their standard of service - in which case, you'd be far better off spending the money you've earned elsewhere."
"Amazing place. Pancakes were the best i ever had. This will be my new brunch spot/breakfast spot/ take people there from out of town spot/ this is a place Im in love with at my very first bite!!!!! Lets just say....the pancakes were so good, I wanted some alone time with them!!!!! Seriously!!!! Our waiter was the best!!!!"
"This is probably one of my favorite breakfast spots. Everything that I have tried has been delicious. The french toast, the burrito, the pancakes, I could go on and on! I don't go as often as I'd like because it's always so packed. If you have not tried them, you definitely should really soon. You will not be disappointed!"
"Finally there's proof that ""when you snooze, you (don't) lose!"" Came here on a beautiful Saturday morning, and was surprised to see how busy it actually was. Despite having a large dining area, every seat was full and we were told our wait time would be between 1-1.5 hours long. They do text you when a table is ready so we were free to leave and walk around, and considering the weather was fantastic we took a cup of complimentary coffee to go as we strolled around Montrose.

After a little over an hour, we received a text that our table was ready. We were starving, and thought that justified ordering a flight of pancakes as our appetizer. They were delicious! The pumpkin pancake is a seasonal special and has a cream cheese topping. It was probably my favorite, but followed closely by the blueberry Danish pancake. The OMG French toast was a little overpowering with its sweetness, but I can understand why others would love it.

We also ordered the Benny Goodman, and what a great dish it was! It included smoked salmon, cream cheese, hollandaise, and a wonderfully poached egg. The other eggs benedict dish we ordered was a Benny Duo. We combined an order of the harvest eggs benedict and the chilaquiles eggs benedict. Of the three, my husband and I liked the Benny Goodman the most. 

The service was great. While we didn't order cocktails, their menu of drinks seemed unique and we may give it a try next time. I saw one cocktail that had fish sauce listed as an ingredient...interesting."
"I'm not one to gush, but Snooze deserves five stars. (Seriously, probably some of the best breakfast food I've ever eaten in my life). My favorite is the Benny Duo-- Harvest and Chile Verde. Bangkok Bloody is incredible. Hash browns are so buttery and melt in your mouth.  I've never had bad service here-- (just wish it was a little bigger to accommodate more people!)  Matt's has nothing on this place.  Worth the price and wait.  You go now!"
"Well worth the wait, the food is definitely one of a kind. I order the spud deluxe with onions and barbacoa, it was fantastic. The porridge is a must,the texture alone will put you on a different level. The cinnamon pancake was my favorite out of all the pancakes.(off the menu item) The snooze pot pie was awesome as well,just melts in your mouth. I wish I could try the whole menu in one sitting. Atmosphere is layed back fits in perfect in the montrose area."
"Brunch on a Sat, got there right at 2:30pm and I was still seated, never rushed and the staff were all very friendly still! I loveddd the hashbrowns! Gravy was so yummy N made just right. Lots of items to chose from.. I will def be back. Parking is just not the best. I wish they served bottled water!"
"Before we moved out of our old house, we wanted to walk down here and see what all the fuss was about. We made sure to arrive a few minutes after opening so that we could ensure we got a table without a wait - plus, as early birds anyway we were already up, dressed, and hungry from packing from our move.

We arrived and were seated right away. The server asked us if it was our first time here, which it was, and proceeded to explain the menu in detail. As it was our first time, we received a sample cinnamon roll pancake on the house. My husband has a major sweet tooth and enjoyed it, however, I found it far to sweet to even be palatable. 

After tasting that pancake, my husband opted for the flight of eggs benedict, which he thoroughly enjoyed. I opted for a bunch of sides including the wonderful, slightly spicy chicken sausage.

Overall, service was great and the food was enjoyable. I don't think it's a lasting hit for my husband and I and we didn't quite get the hype, but we're glad we tried it."
"The worst thing about the place is the wait. The wait for a table, the wait for a waiter, a wait for your drinks and the food to come out. Management needs to stay on top of the hostess when it comes to assigning tables. A two person party should not be taking up a 6 person booth on Sunday brunch."
"I'm not a huge fan of brunch but I kept hearing rave reviews about this place so a couple of my friends and I tried it out. I had the Sweet Potato Pancakes, I thought it was too heavy and sweet. It was ok but nothing spectacular. I felt the same with the french toast.  It wasn't worth the wait in my opinion. It's also so hard to find parking and the wait on the weekends could get up to 1 hr or more. I'll have to try the savory dishes next time."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE the food! I went for the first time a few days ago with my husband and bestie, thanks to my friend's recommendation. 

I can understand why there's always a line at this place. The atmosphere is chill and cozy. It's like a big hangout spot. There's complimentary coffee for those waiting in line. 

I ordered the Snooze Spud Deluxe with mushrooms and red peppers. The hashbrowns were phenomenal. I love potatoes and this is in my top 5 potato dishes I've had so far. The portion size was decent and not huge. 

Afterwards, we went and played cornhole outside. This place is definitely a must-try and the food is really great. The only downside is the parking situation, but if you get there early enough, you'll be alright."
Very mediocre breakfast.  Had 3 different dishes there and nothing was amazing.  Not bad just not good or great.
"I ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of bacon. My shrimp and grits was extremely tasty. My grits were cheesy and fluffy which made the consistency really nice for the meal. My only complaint was my bacon was chewy.  wasn't cooked all the way but not enough to ruin my whole meal. If you go on a Sunday be prepared to wait! It's witty it though, depending on wait time I would just leave and explore things nearby and come back fern ready to be seated. Will be back!"
"OMG I love Snooze. I love everything about it, except for the lack of parking and long wait times. But here are some options. Just give up on parking in their tiny lot and find alternate street parking. Walk up to the host stand and give them your name and cell number and they will tell you an approx wait time while you chill at the Starbucks on the same side of the street, just steps away. However, if you choose to stand and people watch, just inside the door is complimentary hot coffee while you wait out your possible 1 hour wait. For real. But it's worth it. 

Once you get your text message that your table is ready, pop up and run over to the host stand to be seated! 

Since you'll already be caffeinated, may I recommend a nice bloody mary with their jalapeño infused vodka? Oh yeah, you want that. Badly. It's spicy and oh so right. 

I recommend their pancake flight, any of their egg benedicts, and their cinnamon roll pancakes. 

The price is right and the service is friendly and professional. The employees seem genuinely happy to be there and it all makes up for the long wait time."
We had the Benny Duo (Caprese and Chilaqules) and Benny Goodman... Both were DELICIOUS! The best out of all three in our opinion is the Goodman. Definitely a must try!
"So happy about this place.  Nice environment.  All that our group ordered was very good.  Price is reasonable.  Variety of menu choice.  Only draw back is the place is too small and limited parking space.  But with advance planning,  it should not be a problem."
I was not that impressed. I've had a better breakfast at cafes around town. Too pricey for not great food.
Good food but will never understand the obsession with this place. Plenty of other breakfast places in town without the long wait.
My goodness! One of the best Brunch/Breakfast places to go! Has vegetarian options which is nice to see! The omelettes and French toast are to die for! Great price point for good quality food and you always feel like your waiter/waitress is your best friend. Sefura (waitress) was the best!
The food and service were phenomenal! Cat was absolutely fantastic! We had the benny duo & snooze classic with a side of the pineapple upside down pancake. Whoa. So amazing. Actually - y'all shouldn't come here. Then it can stay my lil secret.
Delicious. One of the best brunch spots in Houston. My favorite was the Snooze Classic! And the pancake of the day was spectacular!
"One of my favorite places to have brunch with family/friends. The food is amazing, I always end up trying new things from the menu and is always a pleasant surprise :) fav things on the menu are the OMG French toast and the   Bella! Bella! Benny 
This place is always crowded, so come prepared to wait for a table. There is free coffee available while you wait."
"The wait was 30 minutes but worth it depending on what you get. I got the ""Benny Duo"" which is where you pick two different kinds of Eggs Benedict and they give you one of each. I got the Chilaquiles one which had corn tortilla base with cheese, Barbacoa, and a poached egg with hollandaise sauce. The other one was the ""Bella Bella Benny"" which has prosciutto, yummy cheese, and a poached egg with hollandaise sauce and a balsamic glaze. Super good! 

The hash browns were not worth but one bite and the bacon was super good and floppy like I like. Boomtown Coffee was also a plus. 

My friend got the ""Pancake Flight"" - so she could choose 3 pancakes. She got classic buttermilk, Pumpkin, and Sweet Potato. The buttermilk you could get anywhere and shouldn't waste your choice on that, but that the sweet potato comes with a creative ginger butter :) very good!"
I love coming here for the positive atmosphere and the delicious food! I had Juan's breakfast tacos with corn salsa. They were ahhhhmazing and filling.
"I am surprised I did not love this place. I came on the weekend and maybe that was the problem. I fully expected the long wait to get a table and then to get our food so that was not the issue. The food was not that good. I think it was too rushed due to the crowd so the food suffered. My scrambled eggs were under done. I sent them back and the girl took them to the kitchen and came right back in literally 30 seconds with looked to be the same eggs. My pancake was overdone and hard. The hash browns were mushy. Bacon was cooked just right. I asked for grape jelly for my toast and was told they do not have grape jelly. I found that odd for a breakfast place. They do not have regular soft drinks....coke, Dr Pepper and so on. They have the main root brand of soft drinks. I hate when places do that. It's like a hipster thing I think. Anyway, I have not tasted a flavor yet that tastes any good. The inside of the place is clean with plenty of seating. Staff was nice. Parking is not the easiest as their lot is small. If you park on the side street be careful to watch for all the signs that say you can't park or you will get towed. I will give this place another try maybe during the week to see if I get better results with my food."
"This place is worth the wait. We finally decided to go and just wait for a table (previous attempts were 2-3 hour wait times) and it was worth it. If you have the time to wait for a table, I would definitely go!"
"I love how they have healthy choices and gluttonous choices. Plus a boozy drink list. You can't go wrong with anything here on the menu....except for their salads. Then again, who orders a salad in the AM?‍ Go for their quinoa breakfast bowl if you're looking for a hearty healthy vegetarian bowl (minus the egg). 

Today's choices:
-pancake flight: 
  -lemon seed
  -blueberry
  -upside down pineapple cake

-quinoa bowl
-cappuccino"
"I absolutely love Snooze. Have been going to this location for the past 3 years and never had a bad experience. The food is always amazing and the service is excellent as well. I also love that they partner with DoorDash and have had it delivered to my home as well. This place is so good, you can't go wrong with exploring the menu. Usually I always stick to my usuals anywhere I go, but here I know I can't go wrong trying new things! Snooze classic, and spuds deluxe are my favorite! Their hash browns are perfect. This place is perfect for night shifters, with an amazing drink menu. My favorite is the Bangkok Bloody Mary, it's spicy and tasty, and of course you can't go wrong with their mimosas. For two, our bill is usually $$, not the cheapest breakfast joint, but you pay for quality here. If you plan on going to brunch on a Saturday or Sunday morning, get there early! Be prepared for a wait time because this place has a lot of customers. Going super early is probably the best option. Going around 10-11am you will be waiting from 45 minutes to an hour. Also, Charles has been my usual waiter and he is amazing. I'd ask to be seated in his section."
This is one of the best brunch place I ever had in Houston Texas.The line in this restaurant is very very long .You need to get here early as possible in the morning to get into the restaurant. There is no reservation available but the food is simply amazing must place to try.
"OMFG, where to begin with this place... 

I came here with my mom to have a late breakfast at 10:30 on a Tuesday morning. We walked in and BAM!!, there was a line of over a dozen people waiting to get a table. The server said there was a 20 minute wait. I urged my mom to leave after hearing this, but she insisted on staying. 15 minutes later, we were seated in the very back of the restaurant in a very uncomfortable booth. 

It took over 5 minutes to get a glass of water and menus. It took another 10 minutes for the waiter to come over and take our orders; I ordered the ""B.E.A.T Sandwich"" and an orange juice, my mom ordered the ""I Want Sum'oa Cakes"" and coffee. 20 minutes, and no water refills, later our food arrived. 

The food was... meh. My sandwich was overstuffed, overcooked, and teaming with kale and some kind of special sauce. It was the closet thing on the menu to a traditional BLT and was still pretty ""meh"". The OJ tasted old and fermented, like it hadn't been refrigerated properly. I told the waiter it tasted funny, and he politely argued back that they only served fresh OJ. I asked if it was squeezed or concentrate and he replied that they served it from jugs that they ordered; obviously cheap concentrated juice. I sent the OJ back and kept drinking the water. My mom's pancakes looked so sickly sweet with all the chocolate, caramel, and powdered sugar that I didn't even want to taste it. Her coffee was overly strong even with 2 creams and sugar. 

To make things worse, the bill was over $40, without a tip. That's outrageous for breakfast, even brunch. Breakfast is supposed to be the cheapest meal of the day. This place charges 3-star dinner prices for gentrified hipster twists of cheap breakfast foods!! Even paying the bill was slow. 

In the end, we spent the better part of 90 minutes eating a glorified brunch in a loud, crowded, poorly serviced Futurama-themed cafe with bad parking. I mean, if you wanna eat at a glitzed-out greasy spoon and pay a premium for trendiness, be my guest. I will stick to eating at the Einstein Brothers down the street."
Been back several times and hasn't let me down once. The pineapple pancakes are ridiculously good!
Good food but extremely long waits 60min + and the people that come here are rude. One couple just laughed at us inappropriately for no reason until we walked outside and others were aggressive about standing in line to get wait status update.
The flight of pancakes were such an amazing deal. Also had to try out the spuds and those were pretty good with a bit of hot sauce.
"For my Houston friends, this place is amazing and a must try.  The wait staff and host were very friendly and made the hour wait bearable.  (Give them your number and they'll text you when your table is ready.)  The party sitting at our table before us ordered sweet potato pancakes to go by left before they were ready so the waiter gave them to us as an appetizer.  They were delicious!  Had the Boss Hog Bloody Mary (bacon infused bourbon in this baby) and it killed!  The place is popular on the weekends so be prepared to wait for your order and enjoy another Bloody Mary!  The Pot Pie is flaky and superb!  Everything is farm fresh and delicious.  And inexpensive for the area."
"Food was very good, loved the hashbrowns and the inside of the place is really cool. One thing I was not happy about was being charged $4.00 for one glass of orange juice! I could go buy a half gallon for less than that! My meal was a little over $9 and OJ shouldn't cost that much! Walked out of there paying $17 with tip. That's high for breakfast if you ask me!"
"This is literally the best brunch I've ever had. Yes parking is horrible and you need to plan to wait over an hour, BUT IT'S SO WORTH IT. We had the Benny Duo: one with pulled pork and the other was the prosciutto and arugula and both were amazing! I loved being able to try both. We also split the pancake trio with chocolate chip, blueberry, and the ""pancake of the day"" which had corn, cheddar, bacon, and jalapeño. I am so sad this is not a standard menu item because it was delicious!!!! We will absolutely be back to try more! I hope they open more locations soon!"
I've heard a lot of great things about Snooze and was so excited to try it! Surprisingly there was no wait (1230pm on a Monday). I ordered a dirty chai latte and peanut butter pancake. The dirty chai latte was pretty watery and not to flavorful. The peanut butter pancake was delicious buttttt not cooked all the way in certain areas. I ordered a water and there was a decent sized bug in it which was gross but it happens. I'm not ready to give up on snooze just yet so I'll be back to try something else at some point.
Easily the best breakfast I've had since I moved to Houston. The menu is VERY extensive - I had only managed to read through about a third of the dishes and their explanations before the waiter asked if I was ready to order. I settled on the Chile Verde Benny with barbacoa and couldn't have been happier! AND if you're looking for something healthier they've definitely got you covered; my girlfriend had the egg white frittata and it was absolutely delicious as well. I'll definitely be back!
I hale from Florida - wish I could take you with me. Certainly Trendy with great ambiance. Orange Snoozious was potent! Meal was so healthy - when you see arugula nicely plated everywhere that seals quality enriching food. We had Six people w/ all wanting to have some of each other's delight!  A must-visit place!!
Meh it's okay. Not worth the wait in my opinion waited an hour to get seated then 45 or more mins mins for our food because according to them they dropped it or something. The waiter was nice but the food was decent but not fantastic.
"Finally tried Snooze today for breakfast. Last Sunday my friend and I attempted to go and there was an hour and a half wait. We were too hungry so we went somewhere else. 
Today I got there at 0700 and there was already a line. We waited this time. 30min still a long time. When we ordered food took about 30 min to come out as well. 
I had the pancake flight (pineapple upside down, sweet potato, and omg French toast) 
The pineapple upside down pancake was the best!!!  Wish I would have gotten three of those. The other two were great as well! I also had the hash brown and one scrambled egg. They were mediocre. I also had a small pineapple cranberry juice which was very good. 
The atmosphere is great and the seating and decor is really nice! 
Snooze is a good breakfast spot but not worth the wait it comes with. All I want is another pineapple up side down pancake. If they do take out I will definitely do that."
"Great selection of brunch classics and some great unique items too. Service is pretty quick too. 
Negatives: queues are ridiculous, the mimosas are poor and did I mention the queues. Personally with all the amazing restaurants in Houston, I would rather go elsewhere and not queue."
"I love the breakfast food offered here. It's a nice, quaint place for brunch. Plus the service is amazing."
"Thought it was good, however, I expected it to be great.  

Waited around 15 minutes for our table which typically isn't a problem unless you get the table we got. The two person booth/table combo next to the kitchen door is absurd. It's unbearably hot next to the kitchen and under the heat lamp of a light (we even asked our neighbors if they were hot to make sure we weren't crazy) and WAY TOO CLOSE to the other two top next to it.  We introduced ourselves to the people next to us because it was THAT CLOSE, felt awkward not to.

The pancake flight was good, however, the sunburst lemon poppyseed one had WAY TOO MUCH topping to be enjoyable.  My husband really enjoyed his spicy Bloody Mary and I the strawberry mimosa. Our 3 egg omelette was also good but I was disappointed with no side substitutions (you can only sub a pancake for a $4 upcharge). 

Service was ok.  He started out really strong and personable but lacked in the actual service part (no refills, no pre-bussing, no check ins).

Overall, unfortunately don't think we'd return."
"Meh.  Not what I remember from the Denver location.  Our food was getting cold already by the time it was finally delivered.  I suspect the waiter just forgot. The chocolate chip pancakes do not have enough chips.  The upside down pineapple pancakes don't have enough sauce.  And the fried eggs are super liquidy and weird. If I had waited instead of sitting outside, I'd be even more disappointed.  Points for sustainability and some good recipes but need to work on execution. 

Came on a Sunday but 1.5 hour wait. No thanks. They need a way to book a table."
"Snooze did not live up to the hype. It's one of those places people tend to put up on a pedestal so expectations were high, and well, we left feeling underwhelmed. First, the wait was pretty long. In fairness, it was a holiday, but from what I understand, it's sort of the norm here anyway. The look of the place is clean and hip, and the staff were nice, but the food was nowhere close to what we were hoping for. 

My breakfast burrito, an item we were told is their most popular dish, was big, but so dry I couldn't finish it. My wife wasn't crazy about her eggs benedict or her Bloody Mary either. My cappuccino was okay, though nothing special. There was a slight mixup with the drinks, that we had to get corrected, the server was apologetic, and maybe the holiday rush added to the confusion. At the end of it all, we looked at eachother and asked, ""Did you think it was as good as you thought it would be?"" The answer was pretty obvious without having to say it."
"This place has really good brunch! We got the harvest Benedict and the OMG French toast. Both were really delicious. The harvest Benedict had really perfectly cooked eggs with delicious runny yolk, also a hint of lemon or lime which went really well the quinoa and bits of veggies. Such good flavor, and a bit mushy (which I liked). 
The recommended OMG toast had a delicious caramel, creamy, coconut flake sauce with fresh strawberries. Great recommendation! 

We went Friday morning, wait about 15-30min, still more than I expect for a weekday. They said they would text me when they had an opening, bit didn't text...Found they called us 15 min ago...So be careful and stick around! Pretty fast service."
"I love breakfast food so this was a great selection for me! It's a really nice place with great decor! I started off with the dirty drunken chai and that was delicious! Made my own omelet with pulled pork and spinach. Then finished off with the pancake of the day whihc was stuffed pineapples with coconut and brown sugar and sweet cream, I opted for strawberries instead of the pineapples and they were great! This came with some grits instead of toast, because why not? These grits at the look of it wasn't inviting but the taste was to die for! I finished it!!! 
Theres ample parking both on the street and lot. The place fills up quickly but theres also outside sitting available.  The servers were very patient and nice. They are very accommodating. I would recommend this to anyone"
"I came here for brunch this morning. The wait was at least an hour, but we had no problem killing time in the area. The service was pretty quick, and our waitress reminded me a lot of Chloë Sevigny. 

I had the benny duo- half Harvest and half Benny Goodman. The harvest had a lot more flavor. We shared a pancake flight with one blueberry danish, one pineapple upside down, and one sweet potato. The sweet potato didn't really do it for me, but the pineapple upside down was to die for. I really liked the streusel on the blueberry danish, but overall, it was a little too saucy for me. My friend ordered the pot pie, which I had a bite of, and we both agreed that it was delicious. 

I dug the vibe, and was a little surprised by how reasonable the prices were. I'd love to come back sometime and try the spicy Bloody Mary."
"The food was amazing and the service was good, however they said there was a 45 minute wait and it turned out to be over an hour. I would go there again."
"long wait and then when we told them that we'd be sitting IN FRONT, they never came out to get us,instead just let us sit out in the heat. service wasn't good, but it wasn't terrible. probably won't go back."
"It's is great breakfast/brunch restaurant when you have time. They have activities (checkers, bean bag toss, etc) to help the long wait go by faster. The text updates are helpful while you are waiting. Hostess and servers are always nice. Food is good. Pancakes are amazing - the pineapple one is yummmmmm"
"Food was absolutely amazing! We did have to wait about an hour to be seated but absolutely worth the wait! The hash browns were on point! Even though I didn't steer away from my typical breakfast choice, an egg white spinach omelette, it was the best omelette ever!!"
"Snooze has to be one of my favorite breakfast place right now. If you're craving breakfast snooze is the place to be. One of favorite breakfast item on is the OMG! French toast ! - the title explain for itself . Second you must try there Benedict's! One of my favorite has to be the chilaquiles Benedict or the benny goodman . However, the wait is kind of long on the weekend . But if you going during week days you can always catch a spot"
This restaurant was so cool!  Very neat decor!  Great service!!!  Big menu!  They do use different soda products so I wouldn't recommend ordering a soda.  Food was awesome and very fresh!  We would totally choose this restaurant again!
"This spot would have received 5 stars if not for the hostess.     We had been quoted a time for a table and were treated very poorly when asking for updates after our time has passed.     That aside, everything else was amazing.    Four of us enjoyed a delicious breakfast.    Benedicts, omelets and pancakes were all delicious.    The boozing drink offerings were a nice touch and the server was awesome.     I wish they'd open one here in Illinois !"
Food is fantastic! Staff members are super friendly. Drinks are amazing! Definitely recommend!!
"Great service, great food. I would recommend the pancake flight because all of it taste so good! And when they tell you about their pancake of the day, you better try it!"
"AMAZINGGGG! This place has easily become my new favorite brunch place. My girlfriend brought me here, and we immediately saw the line when we walked in. At this point, I was like...""this place has already started off at a 4) lol. We were told the wait would be an hour...so I was initially annoyed, but they had games like (connect 4, jenga, and cornhole amongst others to make the time go by). My girl had the mule (so refreshing..as I'm not a fan of mules, but this one had the right amount of everything ....gin, lime, the whole bit). I ordered the ""OMG ..french toast""...and it DELIVERED!! My girl had the pineapple upside down pancakes....SCRUMPTIOUS! My tastebuds felt like they were in heaven. I kept staring at my girl like how could you have kept this place a secret all this time! The portion was filling and every bite was delicious. I will definitely be going back. Oh yea the decor and ambiance seemed modern, ""on the go,"" etc."
"This place has really good brunch! We got the harvest Benedict and the OMG French toast. Both were really delicious. The harvest Benedict had really perfectly cooked eggs with delicious runny yolk, also a hint of lemon or lime which went really well the quinoa and bits of veggies. Such good flavor, and a bit mushy (which I liked). 
The recommended OMG toast had a delicious caramel, creamy, coconut flake sauce with fresh strawberries. Mmmmmmm! Great recommendation! 

We went Friday morning, waited about 15-30min, still more than I expect for a weekday. They said they would text me when they had an opening, but didn't text...Found they called us 15 min ago...So be careful and stick around! Pretty fast service."
Super cute! I had the French Toast Neat and it was delicious. We went on a Saturday around noon and there was a 50 minute wait for 4 of us. The staff was really nice.
"I've never in my life waited in line for an hour and 45 minutes for breakfast food, prior to Snooze A.M, but let me tell you, I'm so glad I did! 

I was waiting for my friend to arrive anyway, so I passed time at the bar. The Orange Snoozius is everything a morning cocktail should be. It's sweet, and smooth, and polite... and it also means business. I also tried the Palimimosa and that was just dreamy. It tastes like that midspace between dead asleep and waking up on your own time, on a sunny Sunday afternoon. Just delightful. 

When we finally nabbed a spot at the bar, and were able to order food, I indulged in the Sweet Potato Hash. I could use a lot of words to express my satisfaction, but one will suffice: ""Damn!"" 
It's a filling dish, that was balanced just enough where I didn't feel heavy after eating it; but I couldn't eat another bite either. It achieved healthy comfort food, masterfully. 

Finally, the service was great. As crazy and chaotic as it was, the bartender (can't remember her name, but ADORABLE red-head), was super chill and fun. She gave us samples of other drinks and beers, as she effortlessly took care of other patrons eating at the bar,  just ordering drinks, and the servers getting drinks for their tables. She smiled the entire time, and engaged in conversation. She made us feel welcome. 

I can't wait to go back!"
love this place.  lines are long on weekends so go early.  parking at the houston location is very difficult.  staff is great friendly.  food is standard fair drinks are inventive and refreshing.
"The wait can be long & it's dangerously close to one of my favorite stores, but they text you so you know when to go back to get your table. 

I've only tried a few dishes but I liked them all. 

I don't generally have a sweet tooth when it comes to breakfast, I'm pretty traditional, but their ""OMG French Toast"" is AMAZING. No syrup needed. It's a must!"
"We came here on New Year's Day and the place was PACKED! We had called to see if we could get on the list before we got there, but they weren't taking call-aheads. When we got there our wait was about an hour and a half. Since it was packed we were pretty much standing shoulder to shoulder in the lobby area. The wait and not having coffee available while we waited is my reason for the 1-star deduction. 

Once we sat our server was super nice and explained the pancake of the day to us. I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and a Pineapple Upside Down Pancake  ""ahh la carte"". The food was definitely worth the wait! The corned beef hash was filling and was really good, not too salty as many corned beef hashes tend to be. The pineapple upside down pancake was definitely my FAVORITE! It's like dessert for breakfast and I saved the best for last.

My first experience with Snooze was in San Diego and I'm glad that the Texas one remained consistent from what I remember. I can't wait until they open the ones in DFW!"
"3 stars mainly because the service here is SO SLOW and also disorganized 

The food is delish though - best thing off the ""light as a feather"" part of the menu is the Frittata 

They don't take reservations on the weekends, so be prepared to wait in line for a while"
"Excited to have a breakfast place in the area that takes breakfast/brunch seriously and does it well. 

Pancake flight & Benny duo are definitely where it's at. You got options! I will definitely be back. 

Coffee was goooooood and it seems like they have lots of cocktail options."
"So we visited Snooze in San Diego and it was so good we came back again the next day. We thought it was from San Diego but then realized they have a location in our home town in Houston. OMG, this place has the best brunch and best bloody Mary's I've ever had. It's a must if you can stand the long wait."
The line was extremely long so my husband and I decided to put our name on the list and then just go get groceries and come back. That definitely helped with the waiting time. The food was delicious the coffee was ok. The service was great as well.
"Finally, found some time to write a review for one of the best brunches I've had in the last month!!

My roommate and I made plans to go to this place for brunch on a Saturday, but it got a little late and we didn't get there till about noon (the busiest time at this place). So we had to wait about an hour before we got seated, but the plus was we got to try their amazingly spiked drinks ;). I got the AM Manhattan and it is a must try for all the Manhattan cocktail lovers out there!!

We were starving by the time we got seated at our table, and we ordered a tremendous amount of food for just the two of us LOL :). I got the Caprese Benedict and the eggs were perfectly poached, and the hollandaise was just perfect. And, the hash browns wrote the perfect ode to the potatoes :). My roommate got the Fall greens salad and it was a very hearty salad. But the icing on the cake (literally) was the flight of pancakes we ordered (pineapple upside down, peach cobbler, and peanut butter cup). All three were out of the world, and the amount of sweetness in them was just perfect!! The flight of pancakes is a MUST-TRY!!!

Overall, this place is  AMMM-AZZZING!!! Just try to avoid the rush hours and you will have a wonderful non-greasy, perfectly cooked meal :)

TIP: Better to find parking on the streets nearby (the lot gets filled up pretty quickly), that way you'll digest a little bit while walking back to your car after the yummy meal ;)"
Really good food- fair prices. Not much organization for the crowd. Staff was friendly and food was fresh
"They say ignorance is bliss, and in this case I'd like to stay blissfully ignorant about the caloric content of the bombdiggity Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes and hot, crispy Chilaquiles Benedict and hashbrowns that I had here for breakfast when I had brunch with my best friend a few weeks ago, mmmmkay?

Thanks."
"Wait time was much longer than forecast. When we did get seated and ordered, we waited 15 minutes for a latte and two orange juices.

My food was nice, and my husbands pineapple upside down pancakes were excellent, but overall the food was ok and not outstanding. Our waitress wasn't knowledgeable about the menu and wasn't very attentive. I've eaten much better brunches in Houston with much better service and won't be heading back any time soon."
Fantastic! Had the Beni Duo and it was delicious. Also order a side pancake and was totally worth it. Will come back again and again as it reminds me of the local brunch spots back when I lived in San Francisco
"So this is my second time to this place since it opened a few weeks ago.  I enjoyed the pancakes so much I decided to bring some friends.  The wait was what I was expecting for a brand new brunch place in houston, consisting of about 1 hr and 30 mins to be seated and 45 minutes for the food to come out.  The bad review is for our server, which my receipt shows as Kandra.  I honestly am the easiest person to wait for, I order my water, I order my food and I never ask for more things in between.  I hate to inconvenience someone even if its part of their job. But I have to say that the way Kandra spoke to me by just asking her a simple question about a pancake and her impatience with my one simple question really ticked me off.  She ended up just cutting me off, rolling her eyes, and talking to me very condescending.  The only time she smiled was when she dropped off the check, all of a sudden she was incredibly friendly.  Thinking I may have over reacted, I asked my friend if my question about the pancake was confusing, and she too was shocked about how Ms. Kandra made the whole situation so incredibly rude.  Hating to tip bad, I still ended up tipping 25%. But I won't be coming back. Its unfortunate because the first time I came, everyone was so friendly but the food was ruined not by the wait time but by the horrible service by one server."
"My first visit here I had to order To go since the wait time was super long. 

My second experience was better I came before 8:30 am and had less than a 10 minute wait. 

We had the pleasure of having Ms. Honeycutt was our server. Today's order consisted of the Breakfast Burrito, OMG FrenchToast, and a side of Scrambled eggs and sausage, all pictured below. 

The music is at a fair noise level and they have switched to paper straws from plastic"
"This place seems very popular, particularly on weekends. We had about an hour wait, but they take your number and text you close to your time. There are a few spots close by to kill time though, we went to a coffee shop. When we returned, we noticed they have complimentary coffee up front...derp.

The layout is nice, classic diner style, with a bit of a modern twist. It reminds me of 1950's New Mexico for some reason. They have a great booze menu, lots of interesting options, and variations on some classic brunch drinks.

The food sounds great, and the flavours are decent too. However, the food doesn't come out hot, and in all honesty...it isn't worth an hour wait.

My favourite thing, the electronic device you use to pay for your check."
"I treated myself to a delicious birthday breakfast. Had a flight of pancakes, a cage free over medium egg and their signature Chicken Sausage. 
Latte was amazing. 
Hear there is a line on the weekends, and I know why."
"So much hype about this place, but we couldn't get in on the weekend due to the 2 hour wait so I went by myself on a Thursday morning when it was less crowded. Valet parking only so I parked in the street next to the Walgreen's. The decor reminded me of a Mad Men episode which was kinda cool. It was pretty noisy even on a weekday.  My waitress was nice. I ordered 2 half orders of different Benedicts: the Chilaquiles and the Bella Bella. The Chilaquiles had barbacoa on  masa like cake topped off with a poached egg and the Bella had prosciutto slices on toasted ciabatta topped with a poached egg. There was a thin whitish Hollandaise sauce covering both of them. As soon as I took my first bite, I was met with the unpleasant feel of cold runny egg yolk. Huh? Was this cooked properly? Am I going to get food poisoning? The flavor was fine but that was disturbing. I think they just poach a bunch of eggs and dunk them in ice water so they don't get overcooked to save time.  I assume these eggs are not made to order.  The hash browns which came with it was in a tower which looked nice except that it made the majority of the potatoes undercooked and not crispy. Ho-hum. I had also ordered the flight of 3 pancakes. Those were a big disappointment. I got the pineapple upside down, blueberry Danish and peach cobbler. I know sounds delicious right? The actual batter of the pancake was bland, dry and crumbly, not moist and springy. Having had amazing pancakes from Kerbey Lane in Austin I know what good pancakes taste like and this was not it.  For these prices, $12 for the Benediict and $10 for the pancakes, this was so not worth it. I'm so glad I did not waste 2 hours of my weekend finding this out. I gave my waitress the standard tip but I won't be coming back. Go for the atmosphere but not the food."
"Ordered coffee at the counter.  Sometime ago, I noticed an employee behind bar counter drop an item on the floor.  Employee picked up item off the floor and placed item in a container of other items, behind bar counter.  Soon later- an item from this container was used on an order of another customer.  Yuck!"
"What a place! For some odd reason, it gave me the Grinch Stole Christmas vibe. I imagine the people of Whoville are breakfast in a place like this. Picture that as you walk in.

Of course I had to get the eggs benny, half steak Benny and half chili verde Benny. I must say just go FULL steak and eggs benny! The chili verde with the tender Barbacoa was amazing but the steak and eggs was lick your plate good. 

My wife ordered the half OMG French toast and half French toast neat. We had different votes as which was best but we agreed both were good. 

But definitely get the steak and eggs benny."
"I'm so happy that I was able to make it to brunch here! I first heard about this place on a trip to Denver but didn't have the opportunity to stop by.

They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait a while. The good thing is that they have free coffee! I am not a big coffee drinker but the coffee was so great that I drank it black.

There was a 45 minute wait which was annoying but it was okay because they had a giant connect four game and we played a few games.

Our server Erykah was really nice and sweet. She had a great personality! There were few hiccups with paying the check because of some new system that they had and my order had cheese on it when I asked for none.

Aside from that, the food was amazing! We ordered hash browns, the spuds, and shrimp and grits. Everything was super flavorful and delicious. There are so many great options and it was hard to choose!"
Saw this place and after many attempts to eat here it finally happened.  The wait this time was only 30 min and this was on a week day around 930am.  For Sunday brunch around 11 the wait was almost 2 hours!  The food is great and the staff is super friendly.  I had the OMG French toast and it was delicious!  I also had a Bloody Mary and it was perfect.  They have several different kinds of bloody Mary's. I chose the traditional.  This is a Great place but I do suggest getting there early or you will be waiting a while
"Visiting from Orlando,  FL. I've tried Snooze in Denver also and the quality is just as good at this location! So yummy! Don't come super hungry because there is always going to be a minimum wait of at least 30 mins or more. The bar however is a first come first serve basis. We ordered the make it your way 3 egg omelet with 3 toppings. I chose spinach mushroom and ham served with a side of hash browns And hubby ordered a Samwich I am breakfast sandwich also served with a side of hash. Both came out quickly and was very good! I would come back here again if I ever came back to Houston! Great breakfast/ brunch location.  The decor was bright and colorful. They also offer complimentary coffee using bright orange recyclable, reusable cup while you are waiting."
"I love Snooze! I went to one in Boulder, Colorado years ago and really liked it so I was psyched when new locations opened in Houston. The atmosphere is dynamic and fun and the food is delicious. If you like breakfast food than this is the place for you!"
"The wait was 1hr. But the food was worth the wait. Next time I will call in advance & see how long the wait time is. I got the pancake, chorizo, with egg. My friend got the shrimp and grits. Everything was bomb! Pancake takes up the whole plate so it's great for sharing FYI"
"A-OK experience. To be honest, the food here is just Okay. The pancake was a 7/10 (tasted like ihop). They could have used more buttermilk in the pancake. The eggs were... eggs. And the (pork belly) bacon was a 5/10. The texture and taste were a bit off and inconsistent with each piece. I also tried the chocolate chip pancake that my homie had and it was just okay. The pancake itself had no flavor, and was easily overpowered by the chocolate chips. I could even tell the exact type of chocolate chips they used (Semi Sweet Nestle chocolate chips) because i use the same to make waffles at home. The best thing about this place was the customer service and the use of real maple. Unfortunately, I have been cursed with eating the Apex of pancakes (check my pics for Emmas Country Kitchen in Toronto or Red wagon in vancouver and compare to this). The only breakfast spot in the US that makes pancakes on the level of Canada is a spot in Vegas called ""Eat."" and to be honest, that may just be the only place I eat at here in the US. So Yeah, take from this what you may."
Love this place as long as you can stand a wait but it's worth it. They even serve coffee or you can order a drink from the bar as you wait. They have bags outside too to pass the time. The food is worth it- I ordered a skillet and a bloody mary. Really amazing food and cool atmosphere for brunch.
"Food took over an hour and it wasn't busy at all. Eggs were quite greasy. French toast was great but that was about it. Nothing taken off the bill for the excessive wait just kept saying it was be 5 more minutes, 10 more minutes, and some extra fruit brought to the table. Cute place hoping next time is a better experience."
"Great food! Highly recommend any of the benedicts and the french toast neat. If you are in a hurry this may not be the best place to go for brunch, since there is usually a wait for a table and it can take a while for food to come out, but if you have time to spare it's definitely worth it!"
"I was definitely surprised to find out this restaurant originated in Colorado first of all. We were immediately seated but the waitress took about 35 minutes to just take our drink order and by that time we were ready to order our plates. She apologized and said it was due to their shift change and it's usually not like that. We ordered the chilaquiles Benedict and omg! French toast. Both very delicious plates even though the service wasn't on point, and that's why I gave it 3 stars"
"We were visiting family in Arizona and for our last morning we all wanted to go to some place new. Yelped this place and just brought the whole family. There was 9 of us plus 2 kids. This place had no problem getting us seated once everyone was there, got all of our orders out to us quickly and was very attentive to the service. I cannot rave about this place enough. 

The food was delicious! The drinks were fresh! And the service was outstanding."
"We love this place!! We've eaten at the Ray Road (Ahwatukee) and Gilbert locations, but discovered this location on Camelback in the Town & Country Shopping Center over the weekend. There was a 40-minute wait, which normally would have been annoying in the summer monsoon heat, but this location has air-conditioned stores very nearby to shop at while you wait for the text message that your table is ready - yay! We're trying to go gluten-free, so besides ordering my favorite Breakfast Taco (tortilla with scrambled eggs, shredded hash browns, jack cheese, green chile hollandaise & pico de gallo), we decided to try a Sunburst Cake made gluten-free (buttermilk lemon poppyseed batter topped with homemade lemon anglaise, macerated blackberries, citrus mascarpone and toasted almonds). It was SO delicious and fluffy!! A new favorite for sure. Keep up the great work, Snooze! We highly recommend this location."
"If you're craving a delicious breakfast, Snooze has you covered.

They have something for everyone  - sweet pancakes, traditional eggs and sausage, and even some spicy eggs benedict. Plus, Snooze has a full bar and they make a mean Greyhound.

Snooze is always busy, so make sure to get there before you're starving. We've had to wait just under an hour on a busy Saturday morning, but it's worth the wait!"
Horrible service and food not great.  Was hoping for a great time but turned out our waiter didn't care if some of us ever got our food.  It was ridiculous!
Another place i had to try for breakfast.I love this place because the concept on breakfast  is taken to another level.I had the breakfast pot pie and the Bella!Bella!Benny just wow.I plan on being  a regular here to try the rest of the menu.
"I AM SO GLAD SNOOZE HAS DECIDED TO BRANCH OUT FROM AUSTIN TO HOUSTON TO THE OUTSKIRTS OF HOUSTON. The wait time for this location can get crazy, especially for brunch on the weekend! I LOVE that Snooze offers flights for their benedicts and pancakes.

My favorite:
Benedict: Chile Verde Benny (the Ham Benedict III was too dry for my liking)
Pancakes: Blueberry Danish, Pineapple Upside Down"
"Snooze, an A.M. Eatery is my go to brunch place in Houston! And while there are thousands of reviews on this place, I really believe that this restaurant lives up to the hype.

The only bad thing about this place is the parking! Well I guess there is always a long wait here too for brunch, but all good things come with time and the wait is worth it! But as far as parking goes, I've never gotten lucky and had a parking spot inside their tiny lot. 9 times out of 10 you're gonna have to find street parking in the neighborhood, but be wary of all parking signs! I've seen many people get towed here if you aren't careful. And wherever you do find parking, you're probably gonna have to walk a bit to get to the restaurant.

But regardless of the poor parking situation, this place sets the standard for all brunch places!! The food is always delicious, drinks are fresh and boozy when required to be, and the service is always friendly in a cool atmosphere. I normally come here on Sundays, and there is sometimes a local farmers market pop up next door. It's the perfect place to walk, look around, and kill some time while you wait for a table. Snooze is also perfect in that they have offer free coffee while you wait.

I've tried almost everything on the menu, but I would recommend any of their pancakes, eggs benedicts, or their SNOOZE BREAKFAST BURRITO. The breakfast burrito is huge, can easily feed 2-3 people, add in breakfast sausage on the inside, opt to get half of the green chili sauce and half of the ranchero sauce, utilize some of their yellowbird Serrano hot sauce, and you're set for a great morning.

Do yourself a favor and come eat here soon!! Personally I've found the earlier you go the better, as they get more crowded as people start waking up. You'll probably see me here on Sunday!"
"THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY TRIP TO HOUSTON SO FAR. Eat the chili verde benny. I'm still thinking about it three days later, and I want it in my mouth. The Bloody Mary selection is DA BOMB and the spicy Mary makes my mouth water. Also, you can add bacon to any Mary, which if you don't, you don't have a soul."
Food was very delicious. I got the Chile Verde Egg Benedicts and barbacoa. Super good! Also got the OMG French Toast. DELICIOUS
"The food here is great; HOWEVER, our service was terrible! I came here with a friend who was visiting from out of town. When we arrived, we were told the wait was 45 minutes and we would be texted when our table was ready. I'm totally fine with waiting, but I would rather a restaurant overestimate that time than double it. After an hour I approached the hostess stand and asked when we would be seated since we were quoted 45 minutes. She said we were next on the list, and that's the same time we received our text saying they were ready to seat us. We then watched the hostess walk all the way around the restaurant talking to coworkers and goofing off, only to come back and fill up her personal coffee cup and take time mixing sugar in it. She then checked her phone and had her back to the line waiting out the door. This took fifteen minutes, and of course we were getting impatient. She finally turned around and sat four more couples who complained about the wait, and was beginning to seat a fifth, when I approached her and asked why we were not seated 20 minutes ago when we were told we were next. This is after we had watched her drag other customer's names above ours on the iPad application the seaters were using. 

After an hour and a half of waiting, we were finally seated and our food was great. Again, I don't mind waiting, but I do mind when other people are unfairly put above me in line after we were told were next. Management needs to either optimize this system and make it first come first serve, as it should be, or train their hostesses on how to properly use the app to seat guests."
"The wait is long and there is not enough space to wait. I am not sure if they accept reservations but that may be your best bet. Other than that, it's pretty crowded on the inside. Almost like being in a packed waffle house. I wasn't really able to fully relax. Other than that, the food is great and the servers were attentive and knowledgeable of the menu, even offering samples of sauces before we ordered. I guess the only advice I can give is regarding the layout of the place which isn't easy to fix. So if you aren't a fan of busy/crowded areas and maybe are more of an anxious person this may not be the brunch spot for you. That being said, because it was so busy I didn't get to see the entire establish maybe there are more spacious areas you can request."
"I would just like to say this place would get a 5 if it wasn't for the service my second visit. The first time we went we got Jordan who was a HUGE help and deserves a raise. This review will be long since I've been more than once
 
The second time we went i don't know who she was but  ordering was confusing and splitting bill was confusing too. 

My friend who went with us the second time wanted to know what kind of beans they used for espresso and after he was told they assumed he wanted a shot and put it on the bill and brought him one he didn't he's just a coffee snob and has to know everything about everything coffee related). 
 The waitress gave me regular coffee instead of cold brew but remembered eventually and said she could change it but i didn't really care and she kept saying you sure?? which was annoying.



Pancake flight( 3 pancakes) - Blueberry Cream cheese danish pancake - this is the bomb. my wife loved this one the most and she is not a big fan of blueberries

Pineapple upside down pancake ( i think thats what it is called) - Wife was excited about this one but it paled in comparison to the blueberry pancake

I REALLY loved the pig in a blanket pancake which had sausage in it and a green chile syrup ( sounds weird but it was a delicious savory pancake)

Cuban breakfast sandwich - Jordan suggested this to me as i was on the fence about which breakfast sammich to get in between this and ham and cheese. I was not disappointed. they make their pickles in house and everything associated with this sammich was awesome but the pickles made it shine.

My wife got Bacon and toast ( do NOT get it cripsy. it is plenty crispy the regular way and still has flavor instead of being  closed to burnt). The toast was nice and buttery and delicious."
"Great place for breakfast and brunch, loved the variety and creative menu. Customer service was outstanding just a long turn over time and long wait time. But no worries you can come in to check-in and they'll text you when table is ready. Will be back !!"
"I've been here a few times and my only complaint is the wait time. Coming here during brunch on the weekends will result in a minimum hour wait. I came here on a Monday after 1pm and although the restaurant wasn't filled, it still took them almost 30 minutes to seat us. We seen many tables available and even though I know you're short of staff, you could atleast seat us. They were understaffed and we had to continuously flag a server down to get any kind of request or condiments. But enough of that.
I ordered the breakfast pot pie with the chorizo sausage and bacon on the side. The pot pie crust was light and flaky with the right amount of filling. The chorizo was amazing bursting with flavor. The bacon was fried to a crisp perfection. 
My comrades mixed and matched up their Benedicts. They were not disappointed. 
Although the food is good, it's not mind blowing. IMO As I mentioned, I've eaten here several times already and tried numerous things including the egg white frittata and their special pancakes. 
Would I return? Of course... but not the weekends."
"People. 2 words.. well maybe 2 and a half words... SHRIMP N' GRITS.
Boom. 5 Stars. That's all you gotta say.
P.S. Great service though lol"
I've been to a location in AZ. And this location in Houston was just was great. Super chill. Delicious food. Great coffee. What more do you want on a Sunday morning? Worth waiting for. That's for sure.
"It's a cute place. It seems to be the ""in"" place to go. I really don't understand why? The service is constant And the food is ok but nothing special. I would recommend this place when someone has slot of time to waste because it takes forever to get a table and food."
Long wait but worth it!  Food is delicious!!!!  Great menu with excellent choices.  The service was okay but the food makes up for it!
"Worth the hype. This place is like an adult version of iHOP or Denny's. Except hella better.

Recognize that with all good spots, comes a wait. Especially on the weekends, and around regular meal hours on weekdays. Try and come at off times during the week so you can enjoy in peace.

They've got options to satisfy the savory heart (eggs benedict in various forms- grab a duo if  you can't make up your mind) and to please the sweet tooth (pancake float- need I say more?).

They have some boozey cafe options. Try the ""spicy"" drunken chai."
"Terrific food! I came on a Monday so I didn't have to experience the hour+ wait.. Just 15 minutes && it was completely worth it! Service was excellent. Though food took some time to come out, it was worth the wait. A must try!"
"If it wasn't for the wait this place would get a 5. If you ever decide to go beat the rush and head in before 9 or be prepared to wait and wait and wait lol...  great Benedict and pancakes. Decent burritos, breakfast plates and drinks."
"Mmmmm what a super yummy brunch place!

My sister in law took us here on our last day in Houston. We waited for about 30 mins or so, sipping the free coffee (yes free!) and hanging outside as we waited for our table.

And the brunch was absolutely delicious! We got the pancake flight: pineapple upside down cake, pumpkin, and blueberry- they were so light and fluffy- and just the right size. We also ordered the French toast- a delicious French toast with mascarpone with strawberries- it was so light and fluffy- it was probably my fave dish. The breakfast pot pie was also great- a type of biscuit and gravy but using a puff pastry instead, made it super light and tasty.

Overall, it's a great brunch place- especially if you want a filling brunch, but not a super heavy one too!"
"My coworkers and I love coming here after a long night shift in the Emergency Department! They have half priced drinks for medical center workers on Mondays and Tuesday's you just have to be in your scrubs and I think have your badge. You have to get their Bloody Mary at least once. They are the perfect amount of spicy. Pancakes are huge and so good even better than iHop I think. Honestly all the food is good, just go!"
The hype is false!  The wait is entirely to long for the quality of food and service.. props to them though for constantly having a line out the door and a 2 hour wait .  I tried this place 3 times .. I kept hoping it would wow me ... it got worse every time.  The pancake selection was unique but they don't have a classic plain one to enjoy. Bummer .  The Benedict's were cool and tasty but the portion size was such a turn off .  The staff were polite but overwhelmed with the amount of tables they were assigned.  Overall terrible experience and will never come back .. this is a WARNING to people who enjoy a hearty breakfast and don't wanna wait for 2 hours !
"I came her for lunch at noon and absolutely no wait on a weekday got in and sat right away. I'm sure weekends will be chaotic since I pass by during lunch time here. Although they had a full house service was good. Server came to our table got our order right away 

Breakfast pot pie 5/5 so crispy and the gravy on top was really good, it came with an egg sunny side up and crispy hash brown. 

OMG French toast 5/5 perfect me and my pregnant friend was craving French toast so we shared it and this cured us! Lol so much flavor and not sweet at all. I'm not much on sweet so this was perfect."
"Someone described this to me as an upscale IHOP and that's exactly how I feel about it. Great waffles and sweets, good eggs Benedict, lots of options. A very fine breakfast but not worth driving out of your way for it, fighting the parking situation or waiting for any amount of time for a table. 

I'd come back on a weekday if I was craving waffles and was in the neighborhood but would never wait to eat here (and there is seemingly always a wait on the weekendl"
"The food is delicious, the brunch cocktails are also delicious, and the service is wonderful.

There is often a long wait on weekends, and to avoid it, I recommend popping in for a weekday brunch."
"The blueberry danish pancake was to die for. I cannot express this enough. The restaurant was bustling which is always a good sign. The service I received was sub par, but I attribute this to how busy they were. My food came out not how I ordered it and I wasn't checked on after it was dropped off. When the check came I was able to point out the discrepancies and to my surprise instead of the plate just being removed the manager comped my whole check which was unexpected and unnecessary. However it showed to me how much she cared about the customer service standards. I will be going back when I visit Houston again."
"Wow, Sweet Potato pancakes, they are mind blowing, and I had the Salmon Benedict- everything was delish. 

If there wasn't a 45 minute wait I would have put 5 stars. (They text you when your table is ready, so feel free to drive to Dallas and back before your table is ready) 

I got a yummy hot chocolate at the little bar while we waited and searing off the top 5 layers of my tongue was worth it for the chocolate goodness."
"My fiancé and I dined her frequently when they first opened, but the quality of the good and the service rapidly declined. Such a disappointment. I'll choose Luci's any day."
"Well worth the wait! Excellent fresh, hot food. A very nice variety of traditional egg plates, omelettes, and pancakes--as well as several vegan options. Great service, and LOVE the vibe there!"
"The food looks amazing and tastes even better. The restaurant is a little small and parking is terrible, but it's worth it for these eats."
"Went on a Monday morning at 9, and there wasn't a wait for a table. Parking was limited and involved circling the block a few times.

I got the french toast, which was good, but not better than most of the other french toast I've had in my life. The bread was soft and thick, and it had strawberries and marscapone on top. The marscapone was incredible! Still, it wasn't the kind of breakfast you wait an hour for, so I'm glad I came at a time there wasn't a wait. The coffee was really good, though, and served in a very generously sized mug, 

The service was wonderful! Hostess and waiters were very friendly, and our server was super attentive. Restaurant was clean, well-lit, and comfy.

All in all, a good experience, especially with the service and atmosphere. Food was pretty good, too, but not to die for, and I certainly wait for a table. Parking is bleh, but hey, it's Montrose."
"I have never been a huge breakfast food/ brunch person, but I love Snooze! It's my favorite brunch place ever!! The food is consistently amazing every time I go. However, whether I go on a weekday or at an early time on a weekend, there will always be a wait here. I think my shortest wait time was 25 minutes at noon on a Thursday, which is great for Snooze. It's usually 2 hours during peak times (noon/1pm) on Saturdays and Sundays. 

1. Shrimp & Grits- They make the BEST grits ever. It's so cheesy, creamy, flavorful, and has the perfect consistency. I only eat grits from Snooze. It has kind of a cajun taste because of the andouille sausage and spices they add. They also don't skimp on the shrimp and cook the shrimp perfectly. 

2. Benny Duo- I've had the Chile Verde Benny and Smashed Avocado Benny. I really loved the Chile Verde one. The barbacoa was so tender and all of the toppings complemented each other very well. The Smashed Avocado Benny was good and light, but I regretted getting it because I feel like I would have liked something with more protein on it. Next time, Ill try Ham Benedict or Steak + Eggs Benny.

3. Sweet Potato Pancakes- I love this one! The sweet potato gives it a more deep flavor without being overwhelming. It also isn't too sweet. 

4. Smashin' Pumpkin Pancakes- This one is okay. I probably wouldn't get it again. I love pumpkin flavored things, but this one had too strong of a cinnamon and nutmeg flavor that overpowered the pumpkin aspect. 

5. Blueberry Danish Pancakes- One of my favorites!

6. OMG! French Toast- One of my favorite french toasts ever. The toppings include salted caramel, coconut, and vanilla creme- HEAVEN.
 I always do the pancake flight to mix and match different flavors.

7. Bacon- You can't ever go wrong with bacon. I always get this. So crispy, fatty, and good.


The prices at Snooze are amazing compared to other aesthetic pleasing and upscale brunch joints in town that serve bland, sub-par food. I usually share with a friend and pay about $15 for myself every time and always leave with leftovers because the portions are huge. Parking and the wait sucks, but the food is so worth it. I highly recommend!"
"This restaurant was very busy and the wait time was long. I came with high hopes but was not impressed! The set up of the restaurant is very cute and modern. All of the staff was casual and friendly.  The food was not as good as I had hoped. My pancakes were very crispy. :((((
I also indulged in the sweet potato hash and was disappointed!! It did not have a distinct flavor and was bland."
"I love breakfast and I'm in love with Snooze AM. It's hard for me to love, I struggle with it, but it was love at first bite with Snooze. 

The pancakes are EVERYTHING here, and I mean everything. Each bite takes me to a place not much in life has. I'm hoping they don't put crack in the batter. If they did it would explain so much. I cannot get enough of this place. 

At this point I've tried the majority of the menu, but my favorite thing to eat here is the Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes. Just like it sounds, if you like Pineapple Upside Down Cake, then you will FALL IN LOVE with this dish. 

I also like the OMG French Toast, Snooze Breakfast Burrito and the Snooze Spuds Deluxe. 

If you're in Houston you've got to try this place. They have locations in other cities as well. As much as I hate chains, I have to make an exception for Snooze."
I absolutely love their dirty chai! The perfect brunch drink. I love having breakfast here. Everything is delicious!
"Well the thing is that if you wait 45 minutes for a table you expect that your food is going to be hot or at least kinda warm once you get it, unfortunately it was not. It was pretty packed too so the food took awhile to come out. I found the blueberry pancake to be borderline disgusting, it didn't even have blueberries in it. It was just not very good blueberry sauce and watery frosting. I would have given this place 1 star but the server was pretty good considering how busy she was. I definitely won't be coming back and don't understand the hype. I would prefer IHOB over this place."
"Everyone has mentioned the long wait times and awesome menu variety so I'll just hit some key points I found during my visit:

-Gluten-Free Pancakes!!!! YESSSSS. All the pancake options can be made gluten-free, just ask! I got the flight and they were all great. 

-While you wait they have some board games out on the patio you can kill time with, Connect Four FTW!

-Come to eat, not to chat! It gets very noisy in the small dining area, especially if your table is in the hallway portion. But it's easy to focus on your food instead :)

-Parking is a pain during peak hours, plan to park along the streets all around the restaurant."
"I have been to many Snooze locations in CO, CA, and TX and sadly this location has been the only disappointment to date. I am clear my order is a bit complicated and even communicated this to the waitress as I have had issues in the past. I asked her to write it down and let her know the way it prints out on the ticket in the kitchen is odd - so I asked her to speak with kitchen about the order. With all of this prep to try and avoid an incorrect order - it was still messed up. Then I was charged full price for my meal and got a simple sorry bout it from the waitress. I really hope that the franchise doesn't lose its customer service and ""snooze"" vibe as the company expands into more markets. The food is great. I would definitely recommend checking it out. Hopefully your experience will be better than mine."
"Got here at 7:30 am, plenty of parking. The place appears small but it's actually pretty spacey. It stretches to the back area too. I Sat at counter and ordered cortada with almond milk (shot of expresso with milk), pancake flight with pineapple upside down cake, peach cobbler , & sweet potatoe with a side of thick slices Pork belly bacon. Very nice bar tenders and servers. After being served and as I ate, the bar tender noticed the topping on my sweet potato pancake was incorrect so he pointed it out( I hadn't noticed) and had the kitchen make me another one. He noticed I had asked for the bill in advance so he had them box the corrected pancake and brought it out to me really fast. The food was very tasty. The service was awesome! I can't wait to go back and try something else. The guy next to me said he loved his meal too, whatever he had. The parking lot was packed when I left at 8:15am. Street parking was full bc of the apartments in the area. So come super early and be ready for great food & great service. I'm impressed for sure!"
"Waaaay overrated.  Another one of these 'manufactured wait' places (you'll end up waiting every time you go there, they think it creates a buzz and makes the restaurant more popular... and who knows, they might be onto something judging by the glowing reviews).  Parking is a pain, also.

So just like everyone else, we waited, were finally seated, then nobody came to the table for what seemed like forever.  Finally got our order in, and 30 minutes later it came out - wrong.  Food was 'meh' - not terrible, but not great, either.  

And for the privilege of terrible parking, a long wait, slow service, and just decent food, you get to pay seriously premium prices.  Yeah, I'll pass.  Especially in a city where there are so many great options."
Good breakfast place. Recommend to anybody looking for a relaxing morning breakfast.  Pancakes are delicious!!!
"Worth the wait. 
 Nice planned atmosphere. An assortment of pancakes that will leave you studying a menu for well past 10 minutes. Do yourself a favor, while your waiting, grab a menu. 
 Complimentary coffee while you wait was a welcomed addition."
"Been trying to get in the past few weeks but the line outside kept me away -- well worth the 20 minute wait I must say.
I am going to keep coming back until I tried everything on the menu - twice! 
Love eggs Benedict and they have a Mix & Match Bennies Dou --YES! 
Parking seems to be a bitch so I hope where I parked was safe from getting towed / Walgreens has 3acres of parking and zero customers on a Sunday morning but 42 signs stating thirty minute parking blah blah blah 
They Might consider valet on Sunday #JustSayin"
"Excellent!  The hubs and I got the pancake flight (pineapple, blueberry, and sweet potato-the pineapple and sweet potato were the best), and the spud deluxe. Had to wait an hour for brunch on a Saturday, but I didn't mind because I hit up several of the consignment and thrift stores in the area while I waited. Snooze will text you when your table is ready. We will be returning."
"IF YOU HAVE NO PATIENCE STAY AWAY! If you are willing to wait try it out the food is worth the wait.

The food was delicious if it wasn't because of the service I would have definitely given this place 5 stars. 

My waiter was just SLOWWWWWW! I needed creamer for my coffee well I had to get up and get my own. Also, it started raining and we got moved inside of the restaurant and left everything (napkins, silverware, etc... inside) asked her for some new silverware well she never brought it! Once again I got up and got it myself (thanks one waiter that kept being so helpful). 

When I left that place I honestly wanted to tip the guy that kept helping me out and not our waiter. You're lucky my mother was with me and she convinced me to tip you because if it would have been up to me I wouldn't have given her nothing. 

Yes I will return to this place for their yummy food."
"Went there around 11am on Monday, there is a ok line, waited around 15-20min.

Parking is a little tough, several cars fighting over around total of 15 parking spot, but it is montrose after all.

We order the Cappuccino , snooze classic with chicken sausage and jumping monkey toast. They are average, but nothing to rave about.

4-stars for customer services and atmosphere."
"I have been to Snooze a couple times, most recently this last weekend.

Parking: Basically none. I usually try to drop off someone in my group to put our name in, then I drive around looking for parking. Be prepared to hunt. Stressful, but this is Houston.

The Wait: It's long. Especially on the weekend. I think the shortest I've waited is 45 minutes. You give then your name and cell phone number, then they text you when your table in ready. A couple times, I've noticed my table is not ready when they text, and I've had to wait another 10 minutes or so. 

The food:
1. Mmm mmm mimosa: Classic mimosa. Always delicious. Hard to screw up. 
2. Pancake Flight: This is where it's at. I usually mix and match the OMG French toast with different pancakes. This last weekend, the ""pancake of the day"" was a pretzel pancake with chocolate chips and other things. Wowowowow. Absolutely incredible. I like the pancake flight because they are large enough to be filling, but you get three unique pancakes. Chocolate chip is always a solid option, as is the pineapple.
3. I always get a scrambled egg on the side too. Go protein. 

The breakfast tacos are also good. They're very big. My dining partner could only eat two of three, and it was easy to see why. Also yummy option. 

The customer service is never bad, but usually not that great. This place is always so packed, I understand why they can't invest in every table. They're just trying to keep up. Nothing really special. 

The vibe is bright. Cool/quirky. I like the lack of straws (yay for the turtles!)

Overall, it's on my list of brunch/breakfast places for sure. However, it's usually such a hassle, I don't know if it's necessarily worth it. It's a solid option though with friends. I could never bring my parents here, it's just too chaotic, especially for a breakfast place."
"Great service, decent food & ridiculous wait times. 

Management handles issues with the wait times amazingly with checking in with customers & trying to ensure a pleasurable visit. Staff here are very attentive."
So I'm super late reviewing this place. I wanted to give it a try a few times to see if they were consistent and they were. I'm not a huge fruit filled pancake lover (I don't like warm fruit) but my friends LOVED every pancake they ordered for their pancake flight. If you are like me then I would highly recommend the tacos or their burritos soooo good. Customer service was great as well. I recommend getting there early as each time we had to wait about 20-30 mins to be seated which wasn't bad at all.
"Completely underwhelmed by this establishment. The eggs benedict certainly was not worth the 45-minute wait. Pricey, too given the quality of food. Wait staff was good."
"I came on a Friday morning, and the wait time wasn't too bad. We waited for about 15-20 minutes. Our server was incredible. She was really funny, and she even gave us a complimentary pancake. It was a special that wasn't on the menu, and it was the highlight of our morning. The pancake had some pieces of bacon, candied pecans, and caramel. It was so delicious! 

I ordered the Blueberry Danish Pancake which had cream cheese on the inside of the pancake and loved it! My boyfriend ordered the Benny Duo where you can choose two if you wanted to try two types! RECOMMEND doing the duo if you want to try a little bit of both. He got the Chilaquiles Benedict and the Bella! Bella! Benny. I preferred the Chilaquiles one because I'm a huge fan of Mexican breakfasts and the barbacoa was very tender and paired well with the stack of tortillas. The Bella! Bella! Benny felt much lighter with the balsamic and arugula if you would prefer that. 

The portions are huge though so I would recommend sharing!"
"Love it! Great food, better drinks, fabulous service. Well worth the wait! Get there early so you can get a table--although eating at the bar speeds things up and talking to their bartenders was lovely. Beware, if you come early on Sunday morning they can't serve alcoholic beverages until 10 am due to TX law"
"I think this place is a bit overrated. The estimated wait time they gave us at 1230pm on a Tuesday was 45 min but we waited an hr and half. The food was okay but we had to wait another 30min before we got it :( parking is hard to get in that small lot, so we parked blocks away."
"3 stars on yelp = a-ok. That's exactly what it was: a=ok. I went after a night shift so arrived exactly at 6:30am with no wait. The ambiance is cute, it reminds me of a retro diner. The food was really not worth the hype. I ordered the pancake flight including their famous blueberry pancake and found that although it was creative and overall solidly made, everything was way too sweet. The pancakes were fluffy and not too drenched in toppings, but it felt like I was eating a dessert platter.

We ordered an omelet to balance out the sugary sweetness of the pancakes, and that was also mediocre. This place is a fine and fun place for breakfast, but I would absolutely NOT wait any longer than 15 minutes to eat here."
Expect a wait bc it's legit. I always get full. Lots of options and drinks are delish.  They even have stomach friendly milk!
"Our second time trying to come here--we made the mistake of trying to drive last time we were in town, couldn't find parking. So we Ubered this time, and I am So Glad We did!! Place is crowded, but for good reason bc food is incredible!!! Pineapple upside down pancake, killer granola..and biscuits to die for!! I plan on coming here whenever I'm in town!!! Yum!!!"
"Delicious food and delicious brunch drinks! The wait can be long, but grab drinks at the bar and play corn hole outside while you wait"
"This place is super overrated. Food is good and waitresses are friendly. Parking is limited and hostesses are not nice. They both act like they don't want to be there or help, or seat, or smile, or say hello whenever I am there."
"So I used to go to Snooze on the reg when I lived in San Diego and when I saw it pop up in Houston I squealed with so much shrill excitement I almost caused my husband to swerve off the road. 

The big dilemma of brunch is always whether to go savory or sweet (unless you are like me and you just convince whoever you're eating with to order your 2nd choice and go splitsies). Snooze is brilliant because there's ways to get BOTH savory and sweet. I love that you can order a single pancake on the side and the options aren't just plain or choc chip.

The food and drinks are 5 stars. The Snooze Spuds Deluxe is one of my favorites and is really hearty - comfort food at its best. The breakfast burrito isn't particularly creative or unusual but it's a good, safe choice. The Bella! Bella! Benny is my favorite Benedict. The Chile Verde and Steak and Eggs Benny are good but are a bit too rich for me. If you're planning to have a pancake on the side, you may want to go with a lighter Benny. The B.E.A.T. sandwich is okay (I've had better versions of this). You MUST get the Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes. They are my favorite thing on the menu and sometimes I dream about them when I haven't had them in a while. The OMG French Toast is also a good choice.

The reason I gave 3 stars is for slow service and having to ask multiple times for water and hot sauce. A long wait for brunch is simply part of the brunch experience, so I don't even hold that against places like Snooze but the service WHILE you're waiting and once you sit down is still important. Last time I went on a weekday around 8am with my sister-in-law and nieces and the wait was only about 15-20 minutes which was great. There is a coffee-while-you-wait area but there was no coffee there so my SIL asked if they were going to bring some out. The server she asked didn't really respond and walked to the back and silently brought out one mug of coffee for her and walked away (didn't ask if anyone else wanted any or if she wanted cream or sugar, in fact didn't even stand there long enough for US to ask for cream or sugar). We had to wait another few minutes to get her attention again to ask for cream and sugar and she seemed PAINED by the request. I could totally understand her attitude if it was super busy and we were just asking for stuff out of the blue but to advertise coffee and then to act the way she acted when we just inquired about it didn't really make sense. Maybe she was just having a bad day. Our waiter that day was very friendly but very slow and seemed to forget about things we requested repeatedly (maybe he was new?).

I'm still willing to go back because I do love the food but wanted to be honest about our experience at this location."
Food is great! I hate lines so I try to go on weekdays--Weekends are crazy. Breakfast tacos are my favorite.
"The food here is really good. However, the service at the Memorial location could use a bit of work. The front desk employees make snarky remarks within earshot of the customers. I understand this isn't The Ritz, but the employees should be more cognizant of their surroundings and at least try to whisper."
My first time here was absolutely amazing! I loved the atmosphere & the staff. Our waiter was super patient with us & explained all the questions we had. 10/10 will go back!
"Went during the week to avoid the weekend crowd but parking still is a mess. Service is great with a super nice staff. Ordered a peachy keen pancake, snooze breakfast and a kids quesadillas. All were good."
Great atmosphere ant the French toast are to die for!
"Snooze is a very solid brunch spot! I don't think it is worth the wait... But if you plan accordingly: place your name on the wait list, have your phone fully juiced so that you can receive the text when your table is ready, and go check out the Menil (or lounge at home if you're close by) while you wait, you will be satisfied. If you wait there, especially if you're hungry, you may be disappointed.

The staff is always, always very friendly and accommodating. During one visit, I asked to be moved inside because there were some bees hanging around my table. They were able to do so swiftly, even with a wait list. At another visit, I received the wrong mimosa. The waiter comped the wrong mimosa and waited until I was 1/2 way done with it to bring out the correct mimosa. Which reminds me, they have some fun mimosa and Bloody Mary options. Yum!"
"Delicious breakfast. The bacon is the BEST. Hash browns and sweet potato  pancake with pecans is really good too. It is hard to get a seat, be prepared to wait. The to-go orders come out pretty fast. I look forward to tasting a libation on my next visit."
Don't know why this place is called SNOOZE it should be called WAKE UP AND SMELL THE BACON! This place is scrumptious..
"Just get the frittata and a pancake flight to share with a friend. Trust me, they are amazing. Only wish the frittata came with some pico by default."
"Breakfast items are some of the simplest things to make, which is why IHOP and Denny's can afford to offer a lot of cheap, decent-tasting foods for a very good price. Yet, true high-quality breakfast and brunch items take more than simply throwing together nutella on toast or trying a nut butter other than peanut butter. This is why excellent brunch places are rare and few in between and also a reason why Snooze is continuously packed throughout the day. Customers of Snooze understand that the food is simply worth the wait.

The star of the show is their innovative egg benedicts, which all have their own flavors and textures. Choose one with ingredients that you generally like, and you'll have a very dining experience. One of the hidden gems is the mascarpone French toast, which I recommend ordering as a side to split with others (or eat by yourself--no judgement).

That being said, I'm generally not a fan of waiting, and sometimes, the wait at Snooze can be past 30 minutes at busy times. Personally, that isn't worth it to me, despite them giving out complimentary coffee, but if you don't mind waiting and chatting with a friend, then Snooze will not disappoint."
"Great service!  We went to have brunch for my husband b-day had a delicious meal plus they surprised us with a special off the menu pancake, which is to die for! Thank you!"
"This is our second time to try Snooze. The first time the wait was so long we got our food to go. Food was cool, but we felt like we could make this at home.

We wanted to give Snooze another shot to impress! Today we got there at 8:30 to beat the rush... And still waited 20 min before we grabbed a seat at the bar. I had the classic breakfast and a blueberry pancake and hubby had the breakfast pot pie. We had to send his food back because it wasn't warm, and my food was cool. We are big foodies, but decided this place isn't really worth our money and time. We won't be returning. I would much rather go someplace with amazing food, service, and not so long of a wait. Peace out Snooze! You are overrated"
"Long wait, food wasn't bad. I didn't leave singing their praises, but I will be back."
I ordered the breakfast pot pie. More please. Great flavor and texture along side a stack of hash browns. Little bit of a wait for table but you can order drinks at the bar while you wait.
"Remarkable ambience, exceptional customer service, satisfying meals. I frankly think beef hash was scrumptious but pancake flight was ordinary. Had a good time! I will certainly visit again."
"oh lord! Love this place! Excellent service, and wow the food! Careful with the pancakes! It's enough to feed an army! live the frittata and juevos rancheros!! Can't wait to return! YUM YUM!!"
"Love this place, breakfast is excellent. Loved the pancakes with chocolate chips they were trust delicious every single bite I gave was to die for this pancakes. Also the area is clean. Staff is really friendly and I have a great experience evrytime i come here. This was my 4th time and will come back again."
"So much yums. Went here for brunch w my gfs and  the food was delish. Only downside was the wait. 
Came around 12:45 and seated around 1:50. They take your number down and shoot you a text when your table is almost ready, which I thought is super convenient. 

I got the B.E.A.T sammie & O.M.G it was so good.
The belly bacon is so rich and full of flavor, and I loved the ciabatta bread. Definitely add avocado for that extra creaminess.

Service was decent, nothing spectacular but that's always expected from a high volume restaurant."
"Came on a Friday afternoon so it was understandably crowded. Our wait time was 45 minutes, but you're able to go elsewhere to wait and get texted when your table is available. I would recommend this, since their waiting area is really tiny and the bar gets packed. 

After we got seated, we ordered: 
- Pancake flight (trio of peach cobbler, blueberry danish, and the pancake of the day): Pancake of the day was Berry Bacon, which was a candied bacon batter with fresh strawberries and chocolate syrup. Surprisingly good! I'm usually not a big fan of candied bacon but I think it was done really well. Would definitely order them again. The peach cobbler pancakes were also quite good. Not too sweet and felt perfect for summer. The blueberry cobbler was a bit too sweet for me, and I felt like the blueberry overwhelmed the rest of the pancake. Overall I felt the pancake flight was the highlight of the meal.

- Benny Duo (half portions of ham benedict and chilaquiles benedict): Kind of disappointing. The classic ham benedict was solid but nothing special, and the chilaquiles was kind of odd. It has a corn tortilla base that got really soggy and overall just didn't work for me. Would not order any of their benedicts again.

- Breakfast Pot Pie: Creamy and delicious! The puff pastry is soft and flaky and goes well with how rich the gravy is. I only got to try a little since someone else at the table ordered it and offered to share, but I would be interested in getting a full sized order of this for myself next time.  

We also ordered the White Peach Bellini and Palomimosa. I think they forgot the fresh mint in the bellini, but the consensus at the table was that the drinks were nothing special. I would skip cocktails next time. 

Parking is pretty awful during peak hours, as expected for the area. If you're willing to walk a block or two there's street parking."
"Snooze might be the most overrated restaurant I have ever been to.... Honestly, I do not understand the hype at all. Today, Friday morning, we waited almost 40 minutes. Once we ordered the food took 35-40 minutes and, plainly put, wasn't good. I would take Breakfast Klub or Dot's Diner any day of the year over this place! It was overpriced, took too long (maybe hire more cooks?), portions were small, and just plain bad. My cappuccino tasted like it came out of one of those machines they have in the waiting room at a car dealership (you know the one where you push a button and it mixes water and concentrated coffee and tops it off with crappy, thin foam). I ordered the Benny Duo (Avocado Smash Benny and the Chile Verde) and my husband got the Hash. Our friend ordered pancakes for the table and those were actually pretty good, but again, small. I am glad I tried it so I now know that I never ever need to go again."
"Nice ambiance and versatile atmosphere; you can bring your kids here or a group of friends for brunch.  Most importantly, the food and service are great.  The sweet potato pancakes are amazing!!"
"AMAZING!!!!! The pineapple upside pancake is life changing!!!! Houston needed Snooze. The service was amazing. Today's soft opening benefited brighterbites.Org, it's neat that they help the community.  Back to the food, I ordered The Snooze Classic & the amazing p.u.d. Pancake mentioned above. The eggs were cooked as ordered and had plenty of hash browns & bacon. I will be back very often."
"This place was excellent! There was a 30 minute wait on a Friday morning, but it was worth it. I ordered the OMG French toast with a side of hash browns (loved them) and my babe ordered The Snooze Classic with a regular buttermilk pancake. Everything tasted amazing. Our waitress brought us a complimentary sweet potato pancake which was also very delicious, but definitely on the sweet side!! We will surely be back again, there's so much more I'd like to try from the menu!"
"Great food! A little bit of a long wait, but it was absolutely worth it. I had the frittata and a boss hog Bloody Mary. The frittata is excellent and the bloody was really great as well. I particularly appreciated the amount of veggies that came with the frittata, it made for a great meal. I will definitely go back. Get there early to avoid a long wait!"
"Fresh atmosphere! Menu is unique but delicious all the same.  Ordered from the *like a feather* section and had the Spring has Sprung Frittata and hash browns - super delicious. Several vegetarian options to choose from. Also serving Espresso, Bloody Mary's and Brews- Next time, I will try the English Garden Mimosa"
"OMG!!!!! I had the best breakfast while visiting Houston for a spa getaway. I stayed at the fabulous Hotel Zaza in Houston's Museum District and was in search of an amazing breakfast..... Found it and only about a mile away! Luckily I was able to use the bad weather to my advantage and was immediately seated and waited on. The atmosphere of the restaurant was awesome! It had great music, great staff, and was very clean. The restaurant has a retro but modern look to it (if that makes sense ;))! I wanted a bit of variety so I ordered the eggs benedict, hash brown, this yummy pancake  (consisting of white chocolate chips and cinnamon pecans), and the Mayan Mocha to kick start my morning off right! This restaurant is definitely #1 on my list! It's so good you have to tell everyone, yet so good you want to keep it all for yourself!!!!!"
"Everything on the menu is delicious!! The service is amazing, they're very helpful with menu suggestions. I personally love the Chilaquiles Benedict. Coffee is great, but the ""Mmm Mmm Mimosa"" is perfection!! My favorite brunch spot, the food is definitely the wait, it's truly made with love!"
Loved the menu. Something for everyone. Great service. Outdoor eating. Busy on Saturday mornings.
"I have to say, I wasn't sure what all the hype was about this place. I've been here a few times now and the food here is great and def worth the wait (whatever wait time they tell you it's actually a lot less) which roughly is 45-1hr during peak time. The best time to go if you want to avoid a long wait is to go around 130ish.

I've gotten the rancheros huevos and those are amazing, Lots of flavor and you can't go wrong with it. Most recently, I got the corned beef hash and it tastes delicious, highly recommend it!

My wife got the elota Benedict, and it was good as well, honestly can't go wrong wth anything on the menu here.

For dessert we got the French toasts (see the picture) this is probably some of the best French toast in Houston! If you come here, you have to try the French toast, it's a must!"
"I cannot wait to return to Snooze. The food and atmosphere was amazing. The main complaint I have is wait time (an hour for first available) and that there isn't an area to sit while you wait. The entrance is really crowded since there isn't anywhere to sit. I heard some people say they went for a stroll and then came back, but I didn't want to risk missing  my name being called. The staff was very friendly and patient with guests when they seemed to be getting irritated, a major plus. I also enjoyed seeing all the efforts they were making to stay green. Now, the food delicious. I got the Snooze Spuds Deluxe, just thinking about it is making my mouth water. I added sausage and jalapenos as my filling (you get two). The hash browns were a lot less greasy than I anticipated, making them crispy...soggy hash browns are never fun. The was just enough cheese for it to be cheese and not gooey. I got my eggs over hard and I mainly think that just adds to the presentation. I would have liked to have jalapenos that had more heat (and to have more of them), but chefs know best. 
I can't wait to go back, excited to try and review more items on the menu."
"I had heard a lot about this place, particularly the pancakes and the long waits, so I was pretty excited when I got the chance to come here. We went on a Thursday morning and had no trouble getting seats (although parking wasn't as easy).

The menu seemed pretty good; there was sweet stuff and savory stuff to fulfill everyone's mood. I decided to get the chocolate chip pancakes, because I love chocolate chip pancakes. They were pretty good! Pretty large portion, so come hungry! The syrup was also good, which is something I really appreciated.

If you go, however, don't order a side bowl of fruit, because they charge you $4 for some strawberries, blueberries, and pineapple chunks (I also should have asked what fruit it came with, but that's my fault). The pancakes weren't a bad price though.

Overall, I liked Snooze, but I do not see the hype at all. I can't imagine waiting for more than 20 minutes to go here. It really didn't stand out that much over other brunch places. It was good, but overhyped for sure."
"Get there early and/or be ready to wait at least 30 minutes... but I promise you, it's worth it! 

Everything on the menu is customizable. The service is amazing. The food is delicious. The sweet potato pancakes are my absolute favorite. I've now been to two locations in two different states and was not disappointed! Consistent taste and service from the west cost all the way to Houston. 

Once again I just wish there were a Dallas location ."
Great food! I had the OMG French Toast with a side of bacon & it was certainly OMG worthy!
The food and service is great here! This place is always busy on the weekend. I bet it is busy on a weekday too.
"We ate here last Saturday. We waited over an hour to be seated. From the time we were seated, it took an additional hour to receive our food. That's two hours to get food. The food is decent, but the long wait time unfortunately makes this an establishment I won't come back to. I can get a large home cooked breakfast at House of Pies in our Galleria neighborhood that's comparable to this place, but at about $2-$5 less per plate, and less wait time. Was nice to try once- the indoor decor was definitely cool."
Very solid brunch location! Cute and trendy on the inside and a ton of food options. The staff is very friendly and try to make the long wait time comfortable. They have coffee and water out while you wait for a table and try to seat people as fast as possible. I will definitely be eating here again.
The wait time is terrible unless you get lucky and snag a seat at the bar. Overall the food is good. My favorite is probably the pancake flight! Wait time for food is about the same since staff is so swamped.
"Everything you could ever want for breakfast, and even things you didn't know you wanted. The food is delicious and there are lots of options to personalize your order. Definitely get there early if you don't want to wait and want a parking spot. We got there around 7:30 on a sunday and were seated almost immediately."
"Snooze has become my favorite breakfast place in Houston--in part because of a great waiter but mostly because the food is so damn good.  We ate there early this afternoon and had a brief wait.  We lucked out, too, because we got our favorite server--Olias.  He just seems to know which food and beverages to suggest to us at a given moment, and his recommendations have been spot on.   We ordered the corn beef hash and substituted the toast for Drunken Monkey French Toast, which was as divine as Olias said that it would be.   Even though the food took a while, he kept us lubricated with Dirty Drunken Chais and his witty, irreverent commentary.   The combination of the Drunken Monkey French Toast, the Dirty Drunken Chai, the corned beef hash, and the entertainment provided by Olias and his colleagues really set the mood for the morning after Halloween.  I highly recommend trying out this restaurant--even if there is a wait."
"Get there before 9:30 or you'll be waiting awhile. Not as much space to hang out as they have in Austin, but still my go to breakfast spot in Houston."
"Went here with my friend for brunch. It was a long wait at 10 am, so be prepared. Totally worth it though! We got the omg french toast and the lower side side. They were absolutely delicious! The servers were very nice. My friend mentioned she didn't like alcohol and they were able to make a virgin drink for her. Excellent service!"
I really like the menu and the food is really good! The service was really good and my waiter was very attentive and friendly. I always recommend this place to someone visiting Houston and in the mood for brunch.
"Food, drinks and service are all great. I had the sweet potato scramble and hubby had one of he breakfast sandwiches."
"I AM IN LOVE WITH SNOOZE!!!! Everything on the mine u is flawless. They drinks are amazing. I love that they offer you different coffee while you wait on your table. Never had any issues with staff. Plus they know their menus which is what I truly love. 

My favorites to get are the the Benedict's, I have tried each one my go to is usually Chilli Verde Benny. Bloody Mary's in the morning instead of Mimosas.

The only thing i hate is the prices while the experience and taste is well worth it. It would be even better if prices could be dropped a tad. If you're coming with the kids be ready to drop some change!"
"I visited Snooze this morning for my birthday with my best friend. We showed up right when they opened and were greeted with smiles and enthusiasm. Everyone was so friendly and they even sent us two free pancakes so we could try their favorites :) I've been to Snooze before (on a busy Saturday morning) and enjoyed it, but this time takes the (birthday) cake! Delicious food and awesome staff!"
Yum Yum Yum! My partner and I came to visit Houston . Our first stop was snooze since we visited in Austin and loved it . Another great breakfast ! The steak and Benny is to die for ! In addition the service was impeccable ! Oh Snooze - thank you !
"I get it they're popular. Checked in at 10 for four told an hour and fifteen wait. No problem. They text and you can leave. So we ran some errands. The issue is once you sit down. We waited more than 40 minutes for breakfast. I'll never understand that. Bfast tables should turn quick. The food is great but they need to figure out the glacial pace of order to food delivery. Service is friendly but sparse, which I get. It's breakfast. It's not dinner so you get a bit more relaxed and I'm good with that. The pineapple upside down pancake is amazing. It's not 3 hours of your day good. We left at 1pm...."
My cousins and I stopped here for brunch and we loved it! We tried another brunch spot a few weeks later and all agreed that we wanted to go back to Snooze. They ordered the French toast and were full by the time they finished. (They are both VERY tall and athletically hungry). I ordered the flight of pancakes and they were AMAZING! I don't usually eat pancakes but these were exceptional
"I saw ""Hot and New"" on Yelp! Then I started hearing about it from others. I was hearing things like, you should get there early because its a wait due to everyone being so interested. With all of that being said, my wife and I decided to try it out during our anniversary weekend. We arrived around 10ish and had an hour + wait. That's fine if you're in the mode of exploring and experimenting. Of course if I'm starving, that's not going to work.. LOL!  Upon arrival you will stand in line to advise how many are in your party. At that point, they will let you know if there is a wait and how long the wait will be. If there is a wait they will take your  name and phone number so that they can send you a text when a table is ready. With this type of set up, I would suggest going with someone that you enjoy spending time with such as a significant other or a cool group of friends. I personally would use this time to chill, talk and have a good time while waiting. Well this will work only if going out to eat is for social reasons and not solely to eat. If you're the nice couple that's in the corner of the restaurant eating and not talking, I guess this arrangement is NOT appealing to you. ha! Ok - let me move forward. One main thing that I look for, outside of outstanding food, in my dinning experience is atmosphere and great service. I will drive across town, as you can see, to have this experience. Snooze provides a great atmosphere with a diverse group of people, reflected in employees and customers. Since I'm not much of a breakfast foods person, I lean towards restaurants that offer a brunch type menu with creative choices. Snooze does a lot of creative things with pancakes. So, if you want to take pancakes to a new level, please give them a try. Another great thing is they use quality ingredients, such as cage free eggs in their food dishes. They also offer different milk choices, other than whole milk. I had the breakfast pot pie (sausage gravy, flaky puff pastry type breading) with a side of hash browns. You see? That's my kind of stuff. I look forward to returning and experiencing a few more items from the menu. Snooze also gives back to the local community by donating 1% of their earnings and pancakes!!! They're open daily from 6:30am - 2:30pm so get there as early as possible to avoid the long wait."
"Not terrible not great. I got the shrimp and grits very bland seemed like there was no seasoning. I had to drench it in Tabasco to add flavor. But, I've had their eggs benedict as well and that was good."
"So so so good! Now have been to the Denver, arizona and Houston locations and the food is so consistently good!!
The chili verde Benedict (or something like that) and the cinnamon roll pancake and the best breakfast foods I've ever ever had!!! 
Not worth waiting 2 hours in the heat so go on a weekday or pick up (it keeps well for 15-20 min)

Love this place. Definitely a favorite"
"Finally came here and after waiting for 30 minutes for a table (which we expected), we waited an hour for our food to come out. When it did finally arrive, only one of the dishes was hot. The server and manager apologized for the delay and offered a discount but it did not make up for the long wait and cold food."
"Looove the brulee grapefruit. So interesting! The yogurt was delicious and the housemade granola was super flavorful. With maybe cinnamon?? Yummm. 

The make your own omlette was perfectly cooked and a good amount of each ingredient requested. 

The blueberry pancakes needed more blueberries but was super tasty and cooked nice and fluffy. 

Travis was our server and SUPER nice even under duress. My large dog was being a butthead and he handled it so well. I hope he accepted our show of appreciation!! 

Will keep returning."
"Ok, if you can make it here when the line isn't 2 hours long, it's actually a pretty good breakfast spot. We had to get up uber early on a Saturday morning and got there by 7:45 am and had about a 15 minute wait. If you come after 8am, then you might as well just not come. There will be zero parking and the wait will be so awful that you will end up hating everyone around you because you will be starving for so long. 

But anyway, let's get on with it:

The FOOD: 
- Chilaquiles Benedict: This yummy creation comes with barbacoa beef, hollandaise and several types of cheese. Yummy! Price: $11.50 Rating: 4
- Chili Verde Benny: Pretty similar to the Chilaquiles but comes with pulled pork instead. 
I had the duo of the Chilaquiles and Chile Verde, love the option of mix and match! Price: $11.50 Rating: 4
- Corned Beef Hash: Beef hash, potatoes, onions and eggs. The beef hash had a good flavor, a little on the salty side, but good. Price: $9.75 Rating: 4  
- Cinnamon Roll Pancake: This people, is the reason to come here! Absolutely amazing! Make sure you don't have any cavities before eating though, man is it sweet! Price: $4.50 Rating: 5+++
- Pretzel Bun: wow, bland much? I couldn't believe we paid extra for this. Boo! Rating: 1

The SERVICE:
This is where they might need some help. Our server was not very friendly, very robotic and didn't once smile. Didn't make for a very welcoming breakfast. Our orders were correct and the food came out in a reasonable time though.

The ATMOSPHERE:
What a cute, trendy and joyful décor. I like it with it's 60-70s splash! 

The PARKING:
Almost non existent. You will most likely have to park way down the street and walk, which might be a good thing for walking off all of the calories just consumed on your way out. 

OVERALL: It's a chain restaurant, and I am typically not big on chains. However; the food was good and I can understand why it's so popular. However, I do not think it's worth a 2 hour wait. For the 15-20 minutes that we waited, that was completely fine. But with living in Houston, and having sooooooo many delicious breakfast options to choose from, that won't take half of the day to complete, you will probably catch me elsewhere for breakfast. I don't think the pancakes are enough to make me return..."
"What can I say? I'm a fan of snooze, and every time I go there I usually have a great experience from the food, to the serving staff. Everyone is very friendly and is always there for suggestions. This time around we tried heir Pumpkin pancake and it was very good! Made me feel very festive! Lol"
"Sometimes you just crave pancakes.  This place offers a delectable mix of pancake options, including my personal favorite Sweet Potato.  Finally a spot in Houston that matches the best of the breakfast eateries in other cities.  Worth the wait (or get up early . . . they'll be open.)"
"Known for their eggs benedict options, but they also have pretty neat innovative pancakes. Always ask for the Pancake of the Day. It's usually very delicious and hard to disappoint though they can be a bit on the sweet side."
"New hype in town. Several options to choose from and vegan/vegeterian friendly! I'd highly recommend their Sweet Potato pancakes, OMG! French Toast or Spring Harvest Benny. All were super delicious and different from just classic breakfast items! Beware, this place is usually packed!! Always a wait for weekend brunch! Ambiance is very welcoming, super bright, colorful and even more welcoming/sweet staff!"
I love everything here. My favorite is the Bella Bella Benny (eggs Benedict). There are multiple delicious delicious eggs Benedict options. And so many pancakes. And the Bloody Mary's are the best. And there is loose leaf tea! Worth the hour wait.
Excellent. Got up early and arrived at 730 for no wait. Ordered egg white frittata and corned beef hash. Side of one blue berry pancake and the pancake of the day w raspberry and chocolate chips. Pancakes are huge. Everything was excellent. Corn beef hash is always too salty and this one was perfect. I substituted chicken sausage for the prosciutto in my egg whites and it was healthy but really flavorful. Highly recommend.  We left by 830 and there was already a line forming outside.
Loved this place in Colorado.. but the quality of the food in Texas just isn't the same. And its not worth the wait at all! I'd rather drive to Colorado and eat at the Snoozes there.
"hype. hype. hype.
if you're comparing it to IHOP, yes - it's better.
for the combination of price, wait, and food quality - you can go down to montrose and throw a rock in any direction and hit somewhere with a better brunch experience."
My favorite pancakes! Fluffy and in a variety of yummy flavors. Also love the OMG French Toast.
"You have to try this place!!!! If you love breakfast, this is it!!! AWESOME food, great people, staff and consumers. The atmosphere was and all around very relaxed and comfortable setting. I had the a cappuccino,tacos, and a side of bacon, which was more than enough. Great seasoning, great flavor!! My son had pancakes, I'm not a pancake person, but best believe next time I will be getting them. Come early the wait was a hour, but really worth it!!"
"Have been meaning to try this place but the long waits was a bit off putting. I've also been to the one in Arizona and didn't think it was anything to rave about. We decided to check this place out on a random Tuesday around 10am and it wasn't super busy - we got seated right away for a table of 2 and there were plenty of open tables. 

Ambiance was modern - a bit diner-ish. Very casual, nothing fancy but I don't expect fancy for a breakfast joint. Lots of menu items to choose from and lots of drink options.

We got the spuds deluxe and the Snooze original. The spuds deluxe was good - a mound of very crispy flavorful hash topped with cheese, bacon and green onions. My snooze original was ok - nothing special about over easy eggs, bacon English muffin, and hash browns. My over easy eggs were watery and under done so I had to send it back. They re-did the order and gave me a card for free pancakes for the next visit. Nothing fancy about the bacon or English muffin. It came with house made apricot jam and the bacon was crispy. The hash brown cake was not as crispy as I'd like. But you can't really mess up the original - it just wasn't phenomenal. 

Overall, good breakfast foods. Lots of options. But that's about it. Probably as good as you can get in Houston though since we lack good breakfast places."
"Well based on the Yelp review, I visited this restaurant around 12:30pm today. Not a long line, but the wait was still about 1/2hr. No parking...had to part 2 blocks away. But, while waiting, seeing the happy employees with smiles on their faces made the wait seem shorter. As the for the food..we ordered pancakes, had to try the hash browns, bacon the eggs (which they prepared wrong but replaced also). Aside from the pancakes being cold (which they gladly replaced), the food tasted very good. The portions were too big, so I suggest sharing, which we did. I'm not a fan of waiting, no matter how good the food is, but I will visit this restaurant again after the morning rush; mostly due to the service, and the food is good. The decorum is quite appealing and relaxing, despite the crowds. I will try something new the next time. Is the area not Montrose anymore. I noticed references to it being in the Heights."
Pancakes are gourmet! Never had a bad experience. Just know you WILL wait as it gets pretty packed but for a good reason! Earlier the better. Outside seating is nice as well. Cute diner decor and fun friendly staff. LOVE the Dirty Chai Tea. Prices are very affordable!
"I must say, I was overly excited about coming to this new spot! Considering all the factors: how well known the restaurant is, the location, and it being the second weekend it's been open, we expected there to be a wait.

My boyfriend and I came on a Saturday morning, arriving at about 10:00am. We ran into some friends and in total had a table for 5. Our friends were there maybe 15 minutes before us, and were told an hour to an hour and 15 minute wait, not enough to turn us off. So we waited it out. What's unfortunate was while this was the only horrible experience we really had, it made it the entire experience to takeaway. 

100 degrees in Houston summer, with no fans, no misters, and just a tent outside for those waiting was NOT enough. We waited under the tent for about an hour, and finally gave into a pineapple mimosa to cool us down. Unfortunately, it wasn't even cold enough to refresh us. We eventually attempted to wait inside, as we couldn't before with the amount of people crowing the restaurant. Once you walked inside, there was no circulation. Still, hot air. Either way we were miserable. Our wait ended up being just about 2 hours, and we couldn't get ourselves to leave since we had waited for so long already.

Onto the food....DELICIOUS! Breakfast/brunch is hands down my favorite meal of the day. I got the egg scramble with some of my favorite toppings, feta, spinach, mushrooms, poblano peppers, and tomatoes. AMAZING! Instead of the hash browns, I opted for the chocolate chip pancake for curiosity, and toast. This is so strange, but their bread was so fresh and so perfectly toasted/buttered, I wish I could buy the loaf for home! I just got the chocolate chip pancake. It was slightly underwhelming as the pancake was slightly cakey. I must stay, our friend's son got the specialty pancake sampler, and the cakier pancakes just make more sense for these with the heavy toppings. The pancakes are definitely worth a try! My boyfriend got the tofu scramble (Which we both appreciated very much as we are both vegetarians!). We love this place because it's very vegetarian friendly, even for those who don't eat eggs! He thought it was delicious and according to the table, the hash browns are AMAZING! 

Overall, the food was wonderful. The experience itself (which truly affects my chances of returning to a restaurant), was not so wonderful. If you're willing to wait in line, go on the coldest day of the year in Houston."
"for this ex-CIA agent, this place is too expensive for my government pension (unless the lady friend is paying) and the wait is awful long for a busy private consultant like myself.  

but, once you get in, the food is pretty good, the service is alright, and it's a nice experience."
"I found out about this restaurant during my search for best pancakes in Houston. I decided to go right at opening time, 6:30 a.m., before heading in to work. Well, I wasn't the only one with this game plan, as they had a nice little crowd streaming in at that time.

Well, even though my original search was for pancakes, I ended up ordering the Breakfast Pot Pie as well as the OMG! French Toast and a hot chocolate.

The hot chocolate was really good; it had a very distinct flavor to it that I couldn't quite place, maybe nutmeg, which I don't usually like. The in-house made whipped cream was delicious. If I were to ever come back to this place, it would only be to get a hot chocolate to go. Also, the staff were pleasant.

My actual food took about 10-15 minutes to arrive, and here's the kicker. When I got my food, every thing was COLD!!! The egg -cold, the gravy on the pot pie -cold, the french toast-cold, hash brown-cold and burnt (how, Sway???). What the ech, e, double hockey sticks happened between me placing my order and them bringing it to me a few minutes later?!?! Was it just sitting on a counter in the back for an extended period of time waiting to be picked up?!?!

I didn't complain to the waitress because 1) what could they do, make me another plate, which would have extended my stay, and 2) I had a finite amount of time to actually eat and get to work.

I ended up getting a doggy bag and eating the rest for dinner, after heating it up in the microwave, of course. The food tasted slightly better when heated to a normal temperature for food, but not worth the hassle of getting there by 6:30 a.m. 

I've never gone to a restaurant and received cold food. The only hot item I received was the hot chocolate and the hot chocolate is the only item I would return for, but only if I were already in the area, which I would never be between the hours of operation for the restaurant, so..."
"Food is great, but sometimes I get the impression the staff is not sure what's happening.  7 empty tables outside and we said our party would be fine sitting out there and they said great but that it would take a few minutes, and that was 21 minutes ago.....  :S"
"Wow just wow Here's  more stars to make it a perfect 10!. I had heard about all the hype with this place when it first opened, went on a weekend and over an hour wait, so we left and never made it back. Had a dr's appointment today so took my friend who drove me to try this place. First of all the staff here are fantastic, truly fantastic people who were helpful, friendly, and very on point with service. We received a complimentary sinful pancake with cinnamon buttery goodness, delish bacon bits,  white chocolate chips...food porn XXX rated  ordered the cornbeef hash which isn't like country style mashed up soft cornbeef with small potatoes.... it's almost like pieces of brisket like corn beef with pieces of hash brown.. still very tasty.  The best thing next to the sinful pancake was the....drum roll please..... grilled cheese and tomato basil OMG so yummy... the bread was perfectly crisped on the outside and when you dunk it in the tomato basil you won't be able to stop. Everything is decently reasonably priced and very delish. Would def return to try other items. They have items for vegans too!!"
"I was skeptical at first because of the 45min wait BUT after looking at the menu THAT all changed!!!!! Small and personable experience. I feel that anyone who wants an EXCITING BRUNCH experience this is the PLACE, good food, and servers with wonderfully huge personalities should come here. My server was ""The Tiny Dancer"" she was wonderful. I parked in front of the place, which was small and cozy without any hassle. Now for the food I had the ""Pancake and French Toast flight"" with Sweet Potato and Cinnamon Roll pancakes with stuffed French Toast. This was an amazing menu and the food WAS INCREDIBLE!!!! So when your ever in Houston make sure you stop at ""Snooze"" an AM Eatery!!!!"
Always packed. Arrive took a while but the server offered free coupons and apologize for the slow service.  Food always on point.
"Don't  snooze on this one folks! (You see what I did there?)

No but seriously this place did not disappoint! Continuing on in our quest of taking full advantage of being kid free, me and the hubster hopped in the car and nascar'd it over to this spot that I had been telling him about after passing by it a few times. 

We got there around 8:30 and to our surprise there was hardly no wait (maybe about 20 minutes or so). No probs bc we enjoyed being outside in the rare beautiful 70 degree weather while watching kids play with the cool bean toss they had set up out in the parking lot while sipping on our complimentary coffee.

But onto the important stuff - the FOOD. OMG, their monkey bread french toast is the bomb! Hubs let me steal some off his plate and I shared some of my egg white omelette. Peeps - Let me just say that I get egg white omelettes at all kinds of places and this is by far one of the best places I've had one. Everything that came in it was just out of this world deelish. I also had their Mmm Mmm Mimosa and it was tasty indeed. What I appreciated was that they gave it to you in a nice size glass giving you your money's worth. Their side of hashbrowns were impressive too and I don't even eat hashbrowns. 

This place was everything you'd hope for from a yummy brunch and is worth every penny. I will def swing back by this one soon and real soon. Just go already!

Tips: Park on the street if you can't find parking in their small lot. DON'T park in the Walgreens, Krogers, or Jack In The Box parking lots. However, you can park on the street next to them."
"Snooze A.M. Eatery was worth the wait! I moved to Houston about a year ago and had to try it after hearing all the buzz about it. I LOVED it! I now bring all visiotrs here to experience the pancakes. I had the sweet potatoe pancake, a specialty one and the cinnamon roll. By far the sweet potaoe was the best. It was so good I tried finding a restaurant for sweet potatoe pancakes. The cinnamon roll left a lot to be desired. Don't believe the hype, it's not worth the money. Also, they don't have maple syrup so that's a let down but other than that no issues.

The fresh apple juice, hot chocolate and coffee are worth trying. The apple juice was so good!

Speaking of money, it can get slightly pricey because of the a la carte style menu. But for the carb lovers these pancakes are worth it. One will surely fill you up."
"Delicious and unique menu items, great service and great place to take out of town guests.  The only only draw back is the wait.  Sometimes its ridiculous so we end up having to go somewhere else.  But when we dine at Snooze our bellies are content and we most definitely need a Snooze after."
"Aw man, can't I just give it stars without having to also write something? Why can't I just breeze through this with minimal interaction with people or things involving talking. I just wanted to say ""yeah, that place is alright"" without having to say HEY, THIS PLACE IS ALRIGHT. 

Aw man, if I have to write stuff every time I just want to judge a place, my Yelper days are over?"
"We went to Snooze this morning for brunch around 10:30 am. I have never been to Snooze and not had to wait at least 15 minutes so the no-wait today was a surprise. Parking was bad as always because there's only about 10 spots open and street parking is always full. 

I got the cannoli pancakes and a breakfast taco a la carte. I really like the a la carte option because sometimes the pancakes are too sweet so it's nice that I can also get a savory option to balance it out. The breakfast taco has a really good mix of flavors and I love the hollandaise sauce. The cannoli pancakes had pomegranate on them which was an interesting addition. We also had the option to split our checks on our own using an online payment system that I thought was helpful."
Very good am cocktails and pancakes. The defiantly have a returning customer. I just wish their matcha pancakes were a full time menu item.
"I can't believe how expensive breakfast has gotten in general. Food and a drink will end up costing you $15+ before tax but at least you're getting quality if not quantity. The friendly staff will try to upcharge you with add-on suggestions.

I ordered the Winter Harvest Benny which is poached eggs and vegetables over grit cakes with Hollandaise sauce. The grit cakes were small, hence the quantity comment but the taste mixed well when you throw everything together including the hash brown. I didn't have to reach for the hot sauce.

Parking is a bit of a hassle even on weekdays and there is no entrance for the parking lot on the Montrose side in case you skip the connecting street."
"The omg french toast is a must whenever you're at snooze! I love their eggs benedict as well.  is ok. Be prepared to wait in line especially on weekends. We have waited for as long as an hour! But overall, great place for brunch!"
Yummy and delicious but expect to wait in line for at least 45 minutes just to be seated.
"I had been anticipating eating at Snooze for a long time before actually getting the chance to enjoy the fare they offer.

I'll describe all the cons before the pros. First, I'd like to say that their parking lot is tiny so anticipate looking for street parking. Second, the waits are long so come ready to be hangry by the time you are seated. Third, they really need to add some kind of tint to their windows - the sunlight is particularly unforgiving if you get seated facing it. 

Now onto the service and food: Both were impressive and impeccable. We were a party of 5 and each ordered multiple things and got everything just as ordered in a timely manner. There were scrumptuous pancakes, corned beef hash that was packed with a huge amount of meat, pot pies, particularly excellent eggs, sweet potato pancakes and a whole lot of silence at our table - we were too busy stuffing ourselves with a satisfying meal to speak! Absolutely loved the sweet potato pancakes and the amazing eggs (I didn't know you could make eggs that delicious!).

All in all, it was a good experience and I plan to return for brunch again! Definitely recommend!"
"We went yesterday morning, and it was mediocre at best. This restaurant is getting so much hype that people are blinded by being 'the first' and ignoring the poor service for the sake of novelty.

My omelette was dry and rubbery. Pancake was tasty, but nothing compared to the Wesleyan cafe. 

It's their first week, so maybe they'll pull it together. If not, Houstonians remember that friends don't let friends eat bad food."
"Came in with a friend around 11AM on a Monday and there was already a 20 minute wait! Clearly this place is popular, and for the right reasons! Luckily we ended up only waiting about 10 minutes because we chose to get seated at the bar. The bartender was sweet and attentive. 

We each got the palomimosa, delicious and refreshing. The ham benedict was good as well. The eggs were flawlessly poached with the perfect amount of runniness. The ham was cooked to a nice crisp. My friend got Juan's breakfast tacos. It looked like a veggie salad on top of flour tortillas to me, not my cup of tea. You have to pay extra if you want to add any meat toppings. 

Overall, it is a cute hipster-y diner with good breakfast/lunch/brunch options. No waffles unfortunately. Parking is also a B."
"Way too long of a wait. We waited about 45 minutes to get a table only because we kept reminding the hostess. Then, it took about 45 minute wait for food. That being said, the OMG French toast was bomb af. It was really OMG. I also got the pancake flight: blueberry danish, pumpkin, and the pancake of the day. Pumpkin pancake was really good but the other two were okay. I tried my friend's hash browns and they were seasoned very well. I definitely recommend the place for the French toast."
"This food is incredible, service on point. For brunch you will have to put your name on a waiting lost and they'll text you when your table is nearly ready (our experience has been 20 minutes or so) strawberry mimosa is delicious! 
Definitely worth the wait for brunch!"
"Hailing from Colorado, I'm  not a stranger to Snooze. The food is excellent! I had breakfast tacos and the pancake flight (see picture). The waitress messed up the pancake order and gave me a pineapple pancake instead of a peach pancake, however it was still delicious so I didn't mind that too much. The second issue I had was when ordering a mimosa. I ordered a pineapple choice mimosa but was charged for a mmm mimosa with pineapple juice substituted. The choice mimosa was $6 and the mmm mimosa was $7. Somehow I was charged $8 for her making it an mmm mimosa with pineapple when that isn't what I asked for. When I received the bill I pointed it out to her and she said ""Oh, I made you the mmm mimosa with pineapple added, is that okay?"". At this point I just let it go as I had already drank the mimosa."
We loved our first experience at Snooze! We happened to be off during the week and decided to check it out. It's super packed on the weekends so we lucked out to get in with no wait. I ordered the shrimp and grits and I was beyond pleased with my choice. I devoured it. I can't wait to go back to try even more items on the menu.
"First! Parking in-front of the restaurant is almost impossible, you may be lucky to find parking on the street or at the establishment behind the building, just be careful not to get your car towed. 

I came in on a Thursday morning at around 10:30am, I waited about 20 minutes to get seated, dont show up hungry, because you would have to wait. They do offer free coffee for waiting.

I ordered the pot pie and the pancakes. The pancakes were good but the pot pie was lacking flavor the puff pastry was put together well but the turkey gravy had about 6 pieces of turkey and no flavor. This was my second visit but henceforth ill stick to omelettes and pancakes."
"A chain started in Denver. Good standard breakfast fare. Try the pancake of the day. Be prepared for a long wait on weekends, but Snooze provides free coffee during the wait."
"this place is so good. very nice inside and the food delicious. i don't like to wait, so i always come here early before people awaken, or during odd hours when no one is eating. 

it's moderately priced. they have a great brunch on sunday, but again, to avoid a line get there early."
"Came there on a weekday around 10, and had to wait a little bit for a free seat at the bar. The bartender was really sweet and recommended me to get a Hill Mountain Mule after listening to my drink preferences. It was really refreshing and went great with my meal! 

I ordered a Benny Duo since I couldn't decide on only one type of eggs benedict. The Ham Benedict III is your classic and really hit the spot. The Bella Bella Benny was good but the flavors just weren't my cup of tea. The balsamic glaze cut the richness and creaminess of the rest of the dish, but just wasn't what I was going for on this day. 

Lastly, I ordered the OMG! French Toast which was divine. I kept saying 'OMG' in my head after every bite so the name is perfect!"
Place is awesome but parking and the wait time is a little upsetting but overall it's GREAT!
"This is my new favorite breakfast spot! They are so creative with their flavor pairings. I need to visit a few more times to try some more of the menu items. I want to check out the pancakes. 

You may have to get creative with the parking situation because the parking lot is small, but that's the only downside!"
"There was a bit of a wait, and the bar was full. I took it as a good sign. The server was to the point and efficient. But the food is where this place shined! I had he corned beef hash with sunny side up eggs and whole wheat toast. Oh and coffee. Pretty sure the jam was made in house and I devoured the rest. Oh and coffee was on point. Only thing is parking lot is tiny, but it really didn't take anything away. Loved it!"
"You can't go wrong with this place; it's worth all of the hype and the long wait you're sure to have regardless of what day or time you go. The pancake flight is a must. Their breakfast cocktails are awesome. I've tried 3 different versions of their eggs Benedict and they were all fantastic. My husband got the hashbrown bowl and it was awesome as well. I recommend getting the pancake flight to share and each ordering their own entree, keeping in mind that you'll have leftovers to take home!"
"Had the breakfast potpie with a rummosa both were delicious. I would definitely recommend. 

Cons: parking is difficult to find and the wait was about an hour and part of meal didn't arrive until the end. 

Overall would recommend and I would return."
"I'm not a big fan of traditional breakfast foods, I mean how good can you make eggs, sausage and hash browns... But I will say i enjoyed snooze eatery. I ordered the Benny duo (salmon and prosciutto one), the spuds delight and sampled the French toast and blueberry pancakes. I have to say the sweet dishes did not disappoint. They pancakes were amazingly fluffy and the French toast was ahhmazing. I added Barbacoa and rosemary sausage gravy to my perfectly cooked hash. The portions are huge! Probably could have easily shared it. The only disappointment were the bennys... They had a strange flavor and were not very substantial. The hollandaise was meh. 

The wait was about 20 min and parking was a little difficult since it was around their grand opening and many spots were reserved for businesses. Staff was great though!"
"This has been a great experience, our server Alan took care of us and was very personable. The food here is delicious and the spicy Bloody Mary spot on.
Definitely coming back."
"The wait is long but it's definitely worth it. Arm yourself with patience because you're about to have a blast. 
While waiting get yourself a drink. I recommend the mimosa."
"This place disappointed me really bad. 
We waited 90 minutes for brunch, which I did not mind at all, however the food quality is less than average. I ordered a bloody marry and it was so bad I could only sip 2 sips. Overall it is Not worth the hype. It is also way too pricey for the quality."
This place is definitely not worth the hour+ wait. Waitress was great food was marginal. I don't recommend this place if you like great food. It's simple average food with a long wait. SAD.
Everything on the menu is great especially anything with the green chili salsa on it. Only bad thing is the small parking lot because so many people are always wanting to go. But it's so worth the wait for a spot. Will come every time I'm around the area.
"Okay, I know that this place does not need anymore reviews so I'm just going to leave some suggestions here. The food is incredible whether you like a sweet or savory breakfast and there are even healthy options, so there's something for everyone. There is a reason for 2 hr. wait times, their food is spectacular and if you go on Sunday after 10 you will probably be in that 2 hr waiting list. This isn't one of those places where they tell you it's a 2hr wait and then your table is ready in 1- it might even take longer than the estimated time. Basically just go early orrr on a weekday orrr go to half price books which is walking distance/grocery shopping at Kroger until they text that your table is ready. You will probably have to park 2 or 3 blocks away because the parking lot fills up pretty quickly. I recommend you go with a couple of friends so you can try a little of everyone's dish. The OMG French toast is perhaps the best French toast I have ever had. They put toasted coconut on top which adds the crunch you never knew you needed. The pancakes are good, but if you're ever deciding between the French toast and the pancakes... go for the French toast. If you're looking for something savory the burrito is absolutely divine and they give you two sauces the red and the green which are both excellent!"
My boyfriend and I tried this place in Denver and waited 2 hours for a table... It was totally worth it though and now that Snooze is in Houston we were so excited to try it out and see if it matches up to the original in Denver (it did!). Pancakes and Benedicts are the way to go at Snooze but honestly everything there is amazing . Our waiter was hilarious and the staff was so nice and made us smile the entire time we were there. Can't wait to eat there again soon!
"Yaaasss!! From the service, to the cute space and to the food, everything was great. I loved walking in and seeing the bright colors and being seated at their cool round booths (it was a bit tough getting people inside and all, but it was nice bc I got to lock my kids in!) 

I chose to get a combo Benedict of the chile verde benny and the Bella Bella benny. Loved the chile verde one, but the Bella one just didn't hit my palette the way I wanted. The chile verde was a perfect combo of sweet, salty and spicy and it was a serious flavor explosion in my mouth. Maybe I didn't dig the other one as much bc I ate the chile verde first.

I also ordered another dish to share with my table. The OMG! French toast was literally OMG. I don't even know how to explain this one. The toasted coconuts give it nice texture, fresh strawberries make it seem ""healthy"", and everything else was just sinful but delicious.

I will certainly make this a go back to spot when I return to TX."
"Before going to Houston I had this bookmarked as so many of my Yelp friends adored the place. OMG was this place terrific probably the best breakfast in the State of Texas if this was located in South Florida I would be a regular. Hint hint please open more locations. They originated in Colorado and are in Texas, California and Arizona. Nice free street parking out front. No wait as we came here on a Monday morning. The menu was terrific I love the calorie count next to each item. 

I went healthy and had the Goldilocks steel cut oatmeal with hemp seed and other healthy goodies. Also the freshest fruit in the world banana slices and berries. Portion was too large to finish. The cappuccino hit the spot and another thing listed was all their local sourcing. 

 The motif was something out of the Jetson's great design and upbeat vibe. Will definitely return again and again on my next trip to Houston."
Great brunch!  Wait was a little long but nothing outrageous. At least in the context of crazy brunch crowds.
"Heard a lot about this place. Waited almost an hour and a half for breakfast food that was just on par with other decent/good breakfast places, nothing special. My partner's tofu scramble was poorly seasoned and made us regret waiting so long. Would probably be a 4 Star if the wait wasn't so long and if they got their tofu act together."
"Came in on a Sunday morning (9:45AM) and had to wait 1hr 15mins for a table for two, but the food and drinks were well worth the wait! Great environment and waitstaff. The food is wonderful and very reasonably priced. They have games and free coffee and water for you while you wait."
"Great place for brunch/lunch!  The food is amazing.

I ordered the egg white frittata with avocado and side of corn beef.  The frittata was packed with flavor.  Corn beef is possibly the best I've ever had!  I highly recommend this combination!

I also tried the gluten free blueberry pancakes.  I've never had gluten free pancakes before..but these pancakes were delish!  Snooze did not skimp on the blueberries.  Great pancakes and I didn't even miss the gluten :)

Service was good for a busy place.  They did forget my avocado and one of the orders at our table took longer than the rest.  But the staff was nice enough.

The one downsize is the LOOOONG wait time.  If you're in the mood for great breakfast food and have lots of time to wait, I highly recommend this place."
"Hands down, my new favorite Brunch restaurant in Houston. The wait is worth it!

I came here with my girl to finally check this place out. My friends warned me about the long wait time but we wanted to go anyways. Turns out it wasn't as bad as it seemed on a 9:00 Sunday morning! We only waited about 45 minutes and the weather was perfect outside. While you wait, they provide complimentary coffee and water, corn hole game, hoola hoops lol, and board games. Our wait time went by quick! Once your table is ready, you'll get a text message on your phone.

From first glance of the menu, we didn't know where to start. There was so much to choose from and everything looked good. We ended up ordering the Breakfast Pot Pie ($9.25), Snooze Spuds Deluxe ($11.25), and Pancake Flight ($9.50). Everything was amazing! My favorite was the Breakfast Pot Pie. It's basically a flakey crust pastry layered under a flavorful gravy sauce with sunny side eggs on top! It was so good and it also came with crispy hash browns that went really well with the four different condiments/hot sauces they provide. My next favorite are the pancakes. I highly recommend ordering the Pancake flight because it allows you to choose any combination of three pancakes or French toast! This let's you try a lot more! We got pineapple Pancake, drunken monkey French toast, and blueberry danish pancake. Everything was really good! I highly recommend going with a friend who likes sharing too because you get to try more food. My girl and I swapped plates halfway through to tag team and demolished everything. Totally worth it.

Service was very friendly! Our server Aaron was polite and made sure we were well taken cared of. Thanks Aaron!

I'm definitely coming back here again and would recommend this place to a friend! This is what real brunch is about."
"Reviews were amazing. This place is super busy. Waited 30min to get seated. Service was great though and portions were huge for the price, I was very shocked. Very flavorful, would come back on our next visit."
"Made the pilgrimage early (630 AM) on a Saturday after seeing LONG lines later in the day (like after 800 AM). We now know that you can get there by 715 AM and have no or a little wait.

A great addition to the breakfast/lunch scene.

Many will like the ""mid century modern"" decor.

Very good and friendly service.

Good selection of beverages including alcohol.

A bit more than the usual breakfast menu with some unique dishes. We had coffees, chili verde benny (a bit too much starch), and quinoa porridge. Damages with tip was ~ $30.

""Regulars"" recommended pancakes (""any"" was their choice).

This spot is/will be a hit and we expect other locations are underway.

Give them a try but go earlish..."
Love this place. The food is great and the price makes my wallet happy. Their pancakes are bomb!!!
The space is cute and food is just ok. I've been twice and twice my order was wrong - once it was cold. Cold eggs suck.
Snooze never disappoints food is always so tasty but the wait is the only thing that sucks! Arrive early
"I finally tried this place after hearing all the buzz about it. I'm disappointed...I really wanted to be impressed but I wasn't. Here's my breakdown:
- The wait time on a Saturday morning is ridiculous but I expected this due to it being a hot new spot. Expect a wait time of approximately 1.5 hours
- I ordered a mocha latte and my fiancé ordered an iced vanilla latte. Both drinks were quite good. 
- We ordered the pancake flight (Pineapple, Pumpkin and Sweet Potato) and they were wayyyy to sweet. I love my sweets but these pancakes were overwhelmingly sugar-filled.
-We both got the Snooze Classic breakfast. The chicken sausage was too strong for both of our taste buds. After one bite I couldn't eat it anymore. The hash browns were the best part of this plate- actually they were the best part of the entire meal.

Overall I wouldn't go back to Snooze AM Eatery but at least I gave it a try."
"I went for the first time on Thursday. There was no wait and I was seated within a few minutes of entering. I had the Mm Mm Mimosa, egg white scramble with hash browns and sourdough toast, and one ""Nana's hot chocolate"" pancake. The mimosa was really good and didn't give me a headache even though I hadn't eaten before taking a few sips of it. The egg white scramble was just okay. It was wet and lacked seasoning. I added salt, pepper, and hot sauce but it could have really used a hit of garlic salt or onion powder during cooking. The hash browns were good and the sourdough toast came with some sort of preserves that was delicious. The hot chocolate pancake was the star! It had white chocolate chips, toasted walnuts, a huge homemade marshmallow and a decadent chocolate sauce. It was also the size of a large plate. I shared it with my friend and we both agreed that it was fantastic. Our waiter disappeared on us a few times and we saw a couple of people who arrived after us, get their food before we did, but all in all I enjoyed Snooze and will definitely be returning."
"I don't understand why ppl like this place. It's mediocre at best. I've even had the original one in Denver and it was equally as underwhelming. Prices aren't outrageous, but the wait time is ridiculous. Diner food would be better than this. People only go because it's trendy. I'll pass."
"After finding out the wait would be 45 min, we almost left...but I'm SO GLAD we stayed! They offer complimentary coffee to people waiting, but I was able to get a Bloody Mary at the bar while we waited (they make their own mix from scratch and it is delicious). The bartender was super personable and, among other nifty menu tips, informed me that I could sub French toast for 1 or more of the pancakes on the pancake flight if I wanted to try more of a variety. The OMG! French toast definitely deserves its name. The place seems inefficient when it comes to clearing tables/seating people and the wait on the weekends can be very long, but I'm still giving them 5 stars because the food was so good."
"We were told a 30-45 minute wait, but it ended up being a 45-60 minute wait; hence the 4-star review. No one likes to wait when hungry, especially THAT  long. We lucked out on getting a parking spot right in front, but know this was rare luck. Side street parking around the restaurant is more probable. 
I respect how transparent their menu is in terms of where everything comes from. Local, farm raised ingredients make a meal more delicious. I ordered the sweet chai drink and it was spot on. Food took a while to come out but that's expected when everything is made fresh to order. I'm interested to return for breakfast or brunch during a weekday when the Sunday crowd doesn't slow things down. Expect a wait, but definitely recommend."
"My girlfriend and I waited in the rain for 45 minutes and let me just say, I'd do it again in a heartbeat. 

The atmosphere here is SO fun! I love the cups and flatware--very cute. 

We both ordered some eggs benedict. I odered the Bella! Bella! Benny and the Benny Goodman. They were both so good--the eggs were perfect! The salmon on the Benny Goodman was the best I've had in a long time. We also shared a pancake flight! We got the Peanut Butter Cup, Chocolate Chip, and Lemon Poppyseed. They were all delicious--though the lemon was a little too tart for my, my girlfriend loved it. 

Our server was very attentive as well! Overall, great brunch experience!"
"I wrote a review of this location a month or so ago and it was scathing regarding the service that day. I went back again today because the management sent me a gift card for the terrible service. So today, I went back using the gift card sent me. Today when I went back to use the last remaining balance on the card, I placed a take out order. The morning manager took the order. Her attitude and service were great. When the order was brought up to the front, I stood up ready to leave. There were three employees at the back of the bar standing there. I stood there at the front of the restaurant for several minutes looking at them waiting for one to come up front to bag the order so I could leave. After about five minutes I got fed up with the three staring at me not doing anything but to stare at me. I got fed up with the staring contest, grabbed my order and left but came back to make the manager aware of what was going on. Now, I'm not stupid. I know what standing around and staring at someone looks like. I also don't like being told that I don't understand because there's a lot going on in the restaurant.Or that they were trying to determine if the take our order was mine or not. That's hard to determine from across the room without coming to the front desk and looking at the damned order. I have tried more than once at this location and except for one person, ""take out order"" customer service is absolutely horrible. I do not want a gift card to make up for this. Someone needs to address this with the employees there. You see a take out order brought up front and you know there's only one person sitting there waiting on it, it's a good bet it belongs to that person. Even if there is more than one person waiting for take out and an order is brought up front, you don't stand around in the back of the bar trying to determine who the hell it belongs too. You go up front and check it out."
"Finally got the chance to try this brunch restaurant in Montrose. We went around noon-1:00, so there was no wait or a crazy crowd. Parking was available on the street and a lot in front. Our waitress was very sweet and friendly and took our order. Despite coming close to closing time with no wait our food took a very long time to come out. On top of our food coming out extremely slow and being hungry the meals did not come out all at once. My boyfriend and I are in the restaurant industry so we are highly understandable when it comes to factors like this, however we had a party of 6, only 2-3 plates came out, and the following other dishes followed minutes after. Although wanting to dig into my pancakes, my main entree hadn't arrived yet and I had to wait longer for every one else's meals to come out as courtesy despite being pregnant. Nonetheless all the food followed out. We weren't fairly impressed with Snooze. My cousin's fiancé ordered the steak and eggs and he expected more pieces or larger portion of steak. They definitely have their meals at a decent portion size where it is profitable, however seeing that my family had something to say about the sizes and comments about their meals made my decision to dine here not fairly an impressible one. They all said that they would not come back. Although our waitress was very nice, she didn't really check on our table often and all our water glasses stayed empty, for me this is a big issue. I hope that just since it is closer to closing time that they keep up the service quality from both the workers and food here up. Nonetheless my visit here was not a memorable one, I definitely do not see what the hype is about. One last comment, they have big hashbrowns that come presented as a side on most of the entrees. I did not touch mines much. I feel that they focus a bit more on the presentation of the circle shape and not the quality of the food, it should be more crispier, and focused on cooking it thoroughly, instead of a heap of soft potatoes on your plate."
"This is my first time in Houston. We stopped by here for a late brunch and the food was just SPECTACULAR. We had the OMG! French Toast along with The Snooze breakfast bowl. Everything with the food was great but the service was terrible. Carlos, our server was very inattentive and didn't check on us very much. Beside that I think the food was great. The environment and atmosphere is very welcoming and friendly. 

All in all, I will definitely come back next time i'm here. Great place, and I recommend but the service could be a bit better."
"I've had Snooze in San Diego, Denver, and Houston. My favorite food to order is the pancake flight. The wait may be long but it is definitely worth it!"
"I can't resist a hyped restaurant, especially when friends actually have heard of it before! The wait can get insane, but Snooze is worth checking out if you've got the time to kill.

People *actually* wake up early to get here before it gets too crazy, and the wait times they quote are true. Roughly an hour for a table on a Sunday morning, but they'll text you when your table is ready, so feel free to wander Montrose a bit (my friends and I went to Half Price Books just across the street).

This restaurant is SMALL - or, rather, there's just SO many people waiting inside that it feels overtly cramped. The servers are attentive, though, and the food definitely hit the spot 

I ordered the Benny Duo (brilliant, as I'm incredibly indecisive): half Chile Verde, half Bella Bella. Chile Verde tasted TOO much like green chile (it just overwhelmed everything on the plate), but the Bella Bella was stellar - there's something about prosciutto and balsamic that makes the world go round.

If you're willing to spend upwards of 2 hours for breakfast, Snooze might be worth a visit - it's good, don't get me wrong, but I'm not in a hurry to come back unless I'm guaranteed to sit down immediately!"
"This is a belated review. I ate here several weeks ago and decided I ought to post a review since I have praising Snooze to my friends. I had wanted to try some of the new breakfast places popping up, but I am not a morning person. It never occurred to me that they would be open for lunch. I know, DUH. A friend and I drove by looking for a place to eat for lunch and to my amazement, (DUH), Snooze was open. 

While we were waiting to be seated we were chatting with the host and said we had never eaten there before. We were seated quickly. To our surprise, the host came over with a complementary blueberry cream cheese stuffed pancake. Delicious. We both ordered the huevos rancheros. They were good, but could have been spicier. All in all, a nice place with nice people with good food and good service and you don't have to get up early."
The Pancake Flight is the best thing for me on the menu. Customer service is awesome as well even when its busy. Free Coffee as you wait!
"Love, love, love the food. Can't say enough about the pancakes and the OMG French toast. The breakfast tacos make an excellent side item to any entree. I also love the chai tea lattes here. 

For the most part I have experienced good customer service here, but my last go around the service left much to be desired. Our server forgot many items that were ordered by our group of 4 and we had to ask other servers to track her down several times as we could see her standing at other tables carrying on conversations for 5-10 minutes at a time. Not cool when you've just about finished your meal and are waiting on a side item and a drink that was ordered before our main meals. Hopefully this was a one time deal because I really enjoy this spot."
"I've been to Snooze in Austin, Portland, and now here in Phoenix. Anytime I see the name I know I'm getting wonderful service. Now that I'm new to Phoenix, I've taken my mom there twice, and she's usually pretty picky! She loves it and asks to go. Both waitresses I had at this location, even if there is a small delay, are very communicative and overly nice! I used to work in a restaurant and I feel everyone should at least once in their life to truly get how mentally and physically exhausting it is. These ladies handles a huge rush with such grace. I'll definitely be coming back to this super cute joint again, no matter the location."
"Great breakfast spot. I think it is a little pricy even for a gourmet breakfast. The food is good, don't get me wrong but I do think it's a little overpriced for breakfast that is a little above mediocre. I also wouldn't wait over an hour to eat here. I love their French toast and actually prefer this over their pancakes. I also love their beef hash and I like to add yellowbird sauce to add a spicy kick to it."
"Found this place on-line and thought the menu looked great, so we headed over at/around 9AM on a Sunday.

From the hosts to our outgoing and helpful server, combined with an amazing and diverse breakfast/brunch menu, we simply loved it!

The only downfall is we ordered a bloody mary, but couldn't get until after 10AM, which is to no fault of the establishment - Texas law.

Had to park across the street but to our surprise, there was a little farmers market in the lot we walked through after eating...really cool!"
The food is really good but go early because it can get crazy packed and you'll be waiting over an hour to eat.
"One of my favorite breakfast spots.  My recommendation would be to arrive early on the weekends to avoid the wait.  Interesting menu with a modern sophistication on the classics.  Locally sourced foods, exceptional quality and consistency make this place outstanding!"
I previously had a review about Snooze that wasn't the best because  of lack of service from a fellow worker but I have now deleted my reviews to post this new one we went in to Snooze Saturday around 1pm wait was still long but that's expected no biggie the reason I changed and deleted my previous review is because the young lady I believe RooRoo is what the check said was outstanding with her service food was great she kept checking on our table as if it was our first time there her service reminded me of a gentleman that served us our first time which is great the food was great and the overall service was great manager came to our table to check if everything was great which shows a lot of care about there customers definitely going back again management should applaud RooRoo she was great
"Still great food. The service was slow and we had about a 15 min wait to be seated. They forgot to put in one item we ordered and took a long time to correct the mistake. They comped that part of the order, which was some consolation. Our server seemed to be just strolling around at a very busy time. I don't believe they are all like this, but I hope others don't have the same experience."
"Went for an early breakfast 7am and the place was already in full swing.

Parking is very limited... small lot and street parking.

Staff was warm and friendly.  Since it was our first time, our waitress was very helpful with menu selections and gave us plenty of time to decide.

I ordered the Snooze Classic with over easy eggs, pulled pork, hash browns and sour dough toast.  The toast was good... wished I had another piece. The eggs were a little too easy... when I cut the first bite a bunch of clear liquid ran out from the eggs all over my plate.  The pork was tender but I needed a little salsa or hot sauce.  I loved the hash browns... very flavorful.

Overall... I would come back to try other items."
"This place is popular for good reason! This location isn't too large so depending on the time you come expect a longgg wait (up to 1 hr). No reservations 

The food is worth it! I usually split a sweet item and a savory item. I have loved all of their sweet items including the OMG french toast, pineapple pancake, and the sweet potato pancakes. For savory I go for the breakfast burrito but replace the eggs to make it vegan. The hashbrowns inside the burrito is a nice touch. Incredibly filling burrito. Huge portion size. 

The parking here is horrible. Only about 8 spots total in the lot. Lots of street parking nearby though. 

The service here is very hit or miss. We've had a fantastic waiter here who went above and beyond. We've also had one of the worst waiters I've had of any service experience this location. He spilled coffee creamer on our table and didn't clean it up, forgot to bring out the sauce that typically comes with our meals, and didn't bring us utensils. 

Still would definitely return for the food."
"The food is fine, but you have to pay for it with your sanity if you wish to visit on a weekend. I visited with friends and I envisioned that we would catch up on each other's lives over breakfast cocktails and pancakes. My prickly pear margarita was just a glass of simple syrup, and I couldn't hear my friends over the cacophony of one million people jammed into a small building plus top 40's music blaring over the speaker system."
"You know the place is good when there's literally a long ass line coming out the door at all times.

Parking is terrifying in this area. Tow zone city, bro. 

The inside of the restaurant is super cute and very instagram-y. Fifties (sixties?) themed. And super clean! I'm a stickler for clean restaurant.

The hostess was a snob. I did not think I was going to like the service here, but my actual server was great. Very friendly, very prompt, good recommendations. 

THE FOOOOOOOD WAS AMAZING! 

I recommend if you're with someone else that you both get your own entree, and you guys share a pancake flight. I feel like the pancakes are too rich to eat a whole plate by yourself, and plus, this way you get to try more things hehehehe.

For our pancake flight we got the sweet potato pancake, the blue danish pancakes, and the french toast (yes, you can do the french toast on the pancake flight)

The least impressive was the sweet potato pancake. It was good, don't get me wrong. Different! But it paled in comparison to the other two, and I was not the only one who thought so.

The blue danish one was great! The lemony cream cheese filling was extra rich, so I could only take a few bites, but coupled with the blueberry coulie- omg. I'm drooling thinking about it.

Showstopper was for sure the french toast. That brioche tho! I loved the texture and flavors of it. The fresh strawberries was a great cut for the overly sweet sauces. I could have done without the coconut though.

I had an apple mimosa- and it was delicious. I love that they have all these different flavors available than just the regular orange.

I also had a duo Benny of the Chilaquiles and the Bella! Bella! as per recommendation of my server. They were both great! The hasbrowns were delicious, and it was served with a bed of arugula which really helped cut the richness.

The place was really cute but suuuuper popular. We went on a Thursday (THURSDAY! GO TO WORK, PEOPLE!) at 11 am and waited 45 minutes for a table. Apparently, this is typical."
"Was in the area and remembered a friend had recommended the place to me, decided to give it a try. The wait was minimal, made easier by the drinks that we got, and we were quickly seated by the friendly staff. Wait for food time was a bit longer than the actual wait, but no matter, the food was amazing. Girlfriend got the classic breakfast and everything was made to order, the bacon slightly too burnt but wasn't that much of an issue. I had the Havana Daydreaming which both of us were delighted by. We now have plans to come by at least once a month!"
Great food!! The wait time is usually over an hour long but honestly... I'll always wait just to be able to get a peanut butter pancake!!
"I'll keep this short because it's great and it's obvious from first taste

Service friendly and efficient

Food - great breakfast options. Get a pinnaple upside down pancake for the table and be impressed 

Get a great benny for your main

Drinks- orange snoozious. 

I'll be back many times."
"One time for the Breakfast Pot Pie! I'm a pot-pie lover and was extremely excited to try this. It didn't disappoint, although I would appreciate a thicker crust and bit more filling. My SO got the seasonal Hot Cocoa pancakes and those were also good (and HUGE). Our meal was very good and service was also good, but just know there is probably no time of day that you can come here and not have to wait. We came closer to closing and still had to wait 45 minutes! The great thing is that they will take your number and text you when your table's ready so you can sit in the car or handle errands while you wait!"
"One of the best brunch places in town! However,  keep in mind that the grass grows 2 inches before you can actually get seated at this place. Wait times are usually between 45 minutes to an hour on the weekends and sometimes more depending on the the time you arrive. The parking situation is a bit annoying since they have about negative two spots for the whole restaurant. While writing this review I realized both of these cons can easily be avoided if you decided to literally SNOOZE outside overnight which is why I'm still giving it 4 stars. 

Anyways, now on to the good stuff! I highly recommend the green Chili Verde Benedict with Barbacoa (you can also choose to get it with pork). I personally think the meat can be a bit more seasoned but the tomatoes and hollandaise sauce on top definitely make up for the lack of seasoning and really bring the dish together. The s'mores pancakes are also to die for! I've heard many good things about the corned beef hash as well but haven't gotten the chance to personally try it myself. Overall there are a lot of really good options to choose from here and the dishes never disappoint. (Side note I realized I had more cons than pros for this being one of my favorite brunch places lol but honestly just tryna keep it one hunnit with my fellow yelpers)"
"Friends have been raving about this place for a while so I finally decided to give it a shot. Drove all the way from Katy to Montrose, but it was well worth it! Don't let the 30 minute or whatever wait scare you, it's worth it. I ordered and omelette and I also ordered the OMG French toast. Omelette was delicious, and all the ingredients were fresh. The French toast was simply heaven on earth. My only drawback was the coffee selection. I ordered a vanilla latte, and my brother ordered an iced coffee, neither was great. Give this place a shot you won't regret it! Will be back very soon."
"The parking situation was a little crazy but I managed to find a spot across the street and walk over. I love the retro feel and decor of the restaurant.There was about a 15-minute wait and coffee was available at the front while you wait. I was eating alone so I decided to sit at the bar. The waitress was very nice,  she called me by my first name during the whole visit!  I ordered the pineapple upside-down pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were amazing especially when I added maple syrup! The bacon was a little too hard for my sensitive teeth but I will definitely be returning!!"
Great brunch place! Drinks and food rock!!! One of the best places in Houston for breakfast or brunch! A lot of food and drink choices! Great fancy coffee drink make sure you they the pineapple pancake
This is my first post because I usually don't care enough to write one. This place is a waste of time and money. Horrible rude service and the food is bland.
Good pancakes! Not a fan of the hash browns and chicken sausage. Excellent customer service.
"I originally went to Snooze in Colorado and I LOVED IT! I was so excited when I heard it will be in Houston. However it's really not the same! The service at this location is decent, the food is not that good and kinda thrown together. I feel like this location can't handle the volume at busy times. The quality of their food goes down when it's busy. Despite there being open tables they can still quote you a 30 to 45 min wait time. This place isn't terrible, but I'm not that impressed."
"Delicious eggs benedict options and loved my thick blueberry pancake with fresh blueberries. Great place for brunch! Ill be going back to try a few other items on the menu. For those who don't keep things mild, they bring out an assortment of hot sauces."
"I never met a meal I didn't like at Snooze, breakfast burrito, OMG French toast, chai tea, and above all else pineapple upside down pancakes are super awesome deliciousness . You must try snooze!!"
The pancakes are of course some of the best but their eggs Benedicts are delicious too!
"Brunch waits are no joke here - estimated wait time of 45 minutes for a party of 3 on a late Saturday morning. It's kind of crazy considering this restaurant is huge and can seat lots of people, but it was just super busy and super crowded. Plenty of people just got drinks and waited on the outside patio though.

The food was really great. When it came out, I was like ok this isn't the prettiest brunch plate I've ever seen, but it was definitely delicious - not every brunch meal needs to be Instagrammable in order to be good! I ordered the chili verde benedict.

Service was okay. They were really slow with the food and it took probably around half an hour to get our food and both of my friends had messed up orders, but our server corrected it right away and gave us one of their pancakes on the house (not sure what it was, but it had pecans in it). Their pancakes are SO fluffy, but definitely coated in way too much syrup and sweetness for my personal taste. If you can handle sweetness, the pancakes are definitely the fluffiest and softest I've ever eaten."
"Not worth the wait. Go to empire cafe instead. This place really needs to optimize their operations. In my hour wait I watched 3 tables sit empty for 15 min increments. Their staff literally times how long you have been waiting on their iPads. Maybe they are trying to create a fake image or how ""in demand"" they are. In a foodie city I don't see them lasting if they don't step up their game. They are more focused on expansion in Houston right now than improving the customer experience at their current locations. The food is good, but all locations are slooooow in Htown."
"This place is by far my favorite place,  the wait is long,  but well worth it.  All the Benny dishes are delicious!! Bacon is on point,  I prefer to sit at the bar, the waitresses there are very welcoming and talkative.  Love the vibe of this place, as the food is fantastic! They just need to make one closer to my house.  Lol"
"We (my daughter and I) have only been living in Houston for a month. My job transferred me here from Atlanta, so eating good was like in the A, was something that we've been hoping to experience here in Houston... and we haven't been let down yet. 

From reading the reviews here, We knew the wait was going to be long before we got here. When we arrived and went to the hostess, we were told it would be an 1:15 wait. No problem. So we walked uover to Half Priced Books across the street. 

Finally able to be seated, we glanced over the menu and finally decided on Shrimp & Grits for her and the Bourbon Street Pumpkin Pancakes with eggs and chicken sausage. Booooooooooy was it all good! Great flavors, super nice waiter and loved the dining atmosphere."
I first fell in love with this place in Denver. They must have received my many requests to come to Houston!
"LOVE LOVE infinity...from the wait staff to the decor and MOST importantly THE FOOD - this place ROCKS. 
Cafe = sparkly clean. 
Food = fresh & healthy. 
Service = perfect 
The coffee is good & strong & our waitress kept it filled, no asking. (did have to ask for cream often, it's like they WANT us to loose weight, ha)
They support many local suppliers.
Only negatives:
*Parking! but every business in that area has this problem. A little walk is good for the soul.
**Would LOVE to see CHICKEN FRIED STEAK on menu....hey! this is TEXAS, we love our chicken fried steak and I'd love to see what they could do with this breakfast staple. 
HOURS:
7:00am best time to go. After 10 you prob will wait..After 12:00  you WILL wait, weekends up to 1.5 hrs.  On a Tues, I noticed a line out the door IN THE RAIN no less at 9:55. 
They close at 2:30 pm which pretty much SUCKS....hoping with time they come to their senses, hire more staff & expand their hours. (BUT, I'll simply be happy if they only add chicken fried steak, lol)
their Mantra SHOULD be: ""GO EARLY, EAT WELL""
PS....they also sell killer coffee from Guatemala by the lb. & WAY cool retro t-shirts that feel & look worn, just the way we like em!
Been many times so this place isn't a one hit wonder.. CONSISTENTLY great & above par. WELCOME TO MONTROSE SNOOZE!!!"
"Had a great Sunday morning breakfast! Wait was long, but we were able to snag a spot at the bar and we were so glad we did. Bartenders, Jordan & Gabe, were extremely attentive and nice. We could tell they were busy, but still felt like they paid a ton of attention to us and ensured that our meal was awesome. Thanks, guys! 

Also, the Smashed Avocado Benny was TO DIE FOR!"
"Absolutely love this place! The wait is totally worth every minute! Amazing service, great food, and delicious mimosas! I can't wait to try the thick cut bacon and sweet potato pancakes again."
"Pretty good. The menu looks rock star, but the food was average. The drinks were average. The service was good. The prices were a little high for what we got in my opinion. That being said - my girlfriends and I had a good dining experience nonetheless and would probably go back every now and again."
"Hmmm where to even start.  I've been to the original in Colorado, so I already know that they have great food.  This review is on their service and atmosphere.  Let's just say that it was superb for us.  Our waiter Darius was very attentive and although he had a multitude of tables to serve, he was able to get this to us In a timely manner.  Lots of other waiters came to check in is also.  Granted, we had a cute baby with a snooze onesie on, maybe that helped??

Although it was tight quarters, I have to say that this place was fairly organized.  You have to come earlier than 8:30, otherwise you will wait for more than 2 hours.  We only waited 50 minutes and thank God there are things to do outside and the atmosphere is comfy.  Parking was simple and with it being in the Montrose area, you would think the opposite.  I love the alert system, very up to snuff.  You can pretty much go anywhere within walking distance to pass the time and then you'll get a text.  Better than the buzzers that only have a certain range!! 

As far as what we ordered, we're Eggs Benedict fans, so we ordered two Benny duos and had a taste of the chili verde, Bella Bella, lox/caper, and Chilaquiles.  I'm sure I botched a couple of the names, sorry!  My favorite was the Bella Bella by far.  I just wish I ordered the full order.  Drunk'n Monkey French toast, OMG.  Banana bread, topped with mascarpone cream, mixture of nuts, fried banana, and toffee rum drizzle.  Best dish, but for those with high blood sugar, beware!!! I personally would get this to share.  Two-three bites and my dessert fix was fulfilled"
"HIGHLY overrated. I was one of the SUCKERS who waited for their overpriced and overrated food. There are MANY way better breakfast options out there. I don't know if it just me, but the name of the restaurant is EXTREMELY IRRITATING. Snooze. Stupid name. The place is clean and the service is good. It's just the food and the name that suck."
Snooze has a very contemporary upbeat atmosphere with a retro style The food remind me of a breakfast in bed and Landon and a very romantic way the food is delicious very flavorful you have to go early be in line before they open there's always a long wait anywhere from a hour to three hours of awake time be prepared to stand outside maybe in the rain like I had to there's only a limited of seating outside some people said it is worth the wait me myself I don't think so there are other places in the city that has way greater food then this one and I would rather wait that time with them not meaning it in a negative way just that I don't care to wait three hours anywhere for food I am a chef myself and I wouldn't want to wait on my food that long and I know mine damn good but I love the place everything was wonderful out besides the wait time and it was my birthday weekend and I had to wait till my Complete party get there to get a seat unfair and it took forever to get our food once we got in and got seated and there was 4 mistakes so I sought my whole plate back and just didn't get anything had lost my appetite by this point but everyone else enjoy their food they said the Momosa was great we had a very friendly waiter
"Snooze is a rapidly expanding Colorado-based breakfast chain with a large space and an even larger menu. I've heard tales of long waits, but on a December Tuesday before 10 am we had no such problem. They have a 50s diner theme, but it's pretty corporate looking and I wasn't digging the color scheme.

The menu is big enough to please picky eaters, with plenty of variations on breakfast sandwiches, egg benedicts, and pancakes, as well as a section for healthy options that went beyond the usual sad egg white omelette. There's also lots of drinks, both alcoholic and non.

As this was after holiday feasting, I opted for the quinoa breakfast bowl. My parents did a corn beef hash and the Snooze Continental. Food took maybe 20 minutes to come out.

I was pleasantly surprised by the quinoa, which soaked up the flavor of the broth quite well. The carrots and egg were also cooked perfectly (tender and over easy with a nice soft yolk, respectively). The prosciutto just didn't work-- way too salty. My parents were both happy with their dishes.

Service was on top of it when there, but seemed spread thin across a large restaurant that wasn't that busy. It does seem like they try very hard here. Prices are not posted online but I remember them being reasonable. Street parking was not too difficult.

Not sure I would wait in line for this but there's much to like here."
"The name of this place derives from their ridiculous wait. As for their parking, bring your gloves to fight for it is very limited. Fought someone and lost but I got to try a delicious Goodman's Benedict out of it. Then I sold my pinky to afford the orange juice."
"I got a combo of the ham Benedict lll and the Benny Goodman with a mocha. It was so good, May attended the counter and helped me as she informed me that I could get a combo of the Benedict. She said they come with hash browns which I didn't want so she suggested a salad. It was delicious as well. 
This was my second time here and while the food was good the first time the wait wasn't. We waited an hour just to get a table then after half hour waiting to get waited on I asked a waiter passing by if we could order. He went to see who our wait person was came back said he would take our order      This time it was just me so I went early 6:30, walked in sat at counter and immediately was greeted by May and service began. So if you don't want to wait at all I suggest going early. I definitely will be back of course an early morning time. The atmosphere was awesome too. Played a lot of the songs I grew up on brought back good memories."
"A really great breakfast spot in Houston! My sister and I visited and loved our meals. We both tried the benedict and pancake sampler. Loved the traditional benedict and the chilaquiles benedict. The caprese was okay, a little too sweet for my taste. All three pancakes were yummy, but our favorite was the pineapple upside down cake.

Is there a wait? Yes. We arrived around 10:15 and waited for about 45 minutes. We enjoyed mimosas while we waited. But keep in mind that you can put you name on the list and they'll contact you when your table is ready. Would definitely recommend for all breakfast lovers in Houston!"
"Snooze is definitely our favorite breakfast/brunch spot. The service is always great, the food is consistent, and the prices are decent. The menu is huge and there are plenty of vegan and gluten free options. The acoustics of the inside dining room aren't great and the music can be really overbearing at times, but that's easily rectified by sitting outside on the patio (which is amazing in the spring and fall). 

For vegans, I highly recommend trying the tofu scramble with soyrizo, red peppers, and avocado. If you order corn tortillas instead of toast you can make delicious breakfast tacos. My fiancé loves the scramble with barbacoa, cotija, and avocado, so that's a great option for omnivores. The hashbrowns at Snooze are the best, so definitely be sure and try those while you're there. There are also gluten free pancakes, but unfortunately they're not vegan (please change that, Snooze! Vegan pancakes are super easy to make and better for the planet!). Overall, we love Snooze and will continue to make it a weekly Saturday treat."
"I came to Snooze for the first time with friends on a Sunday around 8 A.M. in the morning. There was a wait time of approximately 30 minutes in line and another 15 minutes after being seated. They seemed to be short on waitstaff, but our waitress was very sweet and even provided us complimentary pancakes for the wait (Blueberry Danish).

It also took awhile for our food to come out, but the food tasted great. The girlfriend and I shared the Breakfast Pot Pie, Ham Benedict III, and Chili Verde Benny. Everything came out hot and fresh. My favorite out of the three was definitely the Chili Verde Benny, which I highly recommend to anyone looking for a unique benedict experience. The poached eggs on the Ham Benedict III were cooked perfectly with the egg yolks oozing out and the Breakfast Pot Pie was warm and comforting.

Snooze is a fantastic place for brunch and definitely one of the best places in Houston. Come early as the lines get really long!"
Delicious food. Good quantities. Listened to the other reviews and tried the pineapple pancakes which were amazing!
"Best brunch in Houston! I'm so glad Snooze has opened up shop in Houston. They deserve the hype. Finding a parking place and waiting for a table are of course a hassle, but it's totally worth it. Most recently I went on a Monday at 10am and there happened to be no wait, but this is quite rare for them!

I really love the ""light as a feather"" portion of their menu as it highlights healthy breakfast and brunch items. And these healthy items are still so innovative and delicious! My favorite dish is the Spring Has Sprung egg white frittata. It's so good that you don't even need to add avocado! 

I also love that Snooze is setting an example in Houston as an environmentally engaged restaurant. Really impressed that they compost, use low energy appliances, and don't pass out plastic containers. Hope other restaurants in town will follow their lead!"
"It was sooo delicious!!!!! Went on a weekday around lunch time and the wait was around 10-15 min. Service was good, food was delicious!  I got the Bella Bella bunny with the harsh brown, really good! Alittle messy to eat so ask for extra napkins lol. The Omg French toast was really good, but it was really sweet. Ask for extra fresh fruit if you're a fruit person. The fruit goes very well with the sweetness of the French toast."
"I've been here twice and each time I never remember to take a picture, because I just dive right in! If you're coming on the weekend, be prepared to wait for an hour or so unless you're sitting at the bar, they get packed quick! During the week, its a lot easier and faster to get a table.  

So the two times I've gone, I've ordered an alcoholic beverage. The first time I ordered a pomegranate margarita which was really tasty! The second time, I got the pineapple mimosa. I don't think I'm a fan of champagne (shocker, I know!) but it wasn't to my liking. My husband ordered the Hill Mountain Mule and that was better than I expected. 

I'm a creature of habit, so my go to dish is the Bella! Bella! Benny! It's eggs Benedict with arugula, prosciutto and a balsamic glaze with their cream cheese hollandaise. Uh, holy delicious. It was served atop of ciabatta bun with a side of hash browns. 

I want to try the rest of the menu, but my simple mind can't bear to get anything else! My first visit, I did get a taste of the birthday pancakes. And for someone who is not a big fan of pancakes and sweet things in general, it was AMAZING! And huge! It fed our party of 8! 

Overall, good food and service. Parking is a little tricky at the Montrose location (duh!) but that shouldn't stop you from trying this place out!"
"Very nice restaurant! Our friends suggested us to go have breakfast. So, we took their advice. We got up early in the morning since there will be a long line in the restaurant. We got there around 7:30 and it was almost full! We had a pan cake of the day to share. My husband had three eggs omelette and I had quinoa breakfast! Yummy! Recommended!"
"Hands down the most over hyped place I have ever been to. It's just alright. Plain food that I can make at home, yet this place is hella over priced. I honestly don't understand what the hype is about. And I'm usually one to agree with the hype but not when it comes to this place."
This place is amazing! Coworkers and I are always on the lookout for good breakfast places that serve alcohol for our post shift get togethers at 8am. Great drinks and WONDERFUL FOOD.
"Delish! We got the Pancake flight, tacos, and one of the Benadicts. All were very very good! The peanut butter cup pancake is super rich but good, sweet pot is nice and sweet but also light?, The pineapple was soooooooooo good! Only down side is they do not offer coconut milk in coffee which is tastier in coffee vs almond milk for dairy free options."
"Come early and NO line. Got right in to a clean retro restaurant. The food, service and silverware is wonderful! Kinda brought me back to the 60s style restaurant without the teased hair. I got the ""chicken Pot pie"" with a side of link sausage and extra crispy hash browns! Was yummy yummy yummy!!!! Will definitely be back."
"I love all the creative pancakes at Snooze, never had anything close to it anywhere else. The French toast was the fluffiest Ive ever had. The bacon was very burnt, to the point it was like jerky, but other than that everything was amazing."
"I finally got to try this so called ""over-hyped"" breakfast but it honestly was an experience worthwhile. I liked the free coffee as we waited. I enjoyed the service and my hashbrowns were grand. I just wish the prices were reasonable! The demand is high enough!"
"Stopped in for late breakfast. Think this was my 3rd visit. It seemed busy for a Thursday morning but everyone looked to be in good spirits. The service was friendly, though seemed to take a bit to get the order but being so busy I get it. They had Cortado on the menu so was stoked since it's one of my favorite caffeine options. It was perfect! Ordered the Grain Bowl which is also a fav of mine. With a side of pineapple upside down pancake. All were delicious! Snooze is solid for their brunch! And lots of alcohol drink options too!"
"After 9am, the wait is ALWAYS 1.5 hours. 
Come in, get on list, they will text when you have 10 mins to get your reservation, get back within those 10 mins to get your table. EASY. Worth it. 

Terrific spicy bloody Mary's
Terrific made to order coffees.
Great food.
Great atmosphere.
Outside patio. 
Great menu and drink selections. 
Great service and staff. 

Shrimp and grits, the snooze, pancakes French toast, all fabulous!


What more could you ask for?!"
"Best Cinnamon Toast Pancakes ever and not one establishment can duplicate it!!!  Can't stand the wait though...Snooze is one of those places you needed to visit every once in awhile or for special occasions.  In the time it takes to get a seat, I could look up the recipe for Snooze's Cinnamon Roll Pancakes, and make the pancakes myself...as a matter of fact, I just looked up a couple of them now, lol!  Looking forward to trying them..."
"2 hour wait at 1pm on a rainy Saturday?
The food is really good, but maybe they need to start a reservation system? I've twice left due to long wait times."
"Update: Came back Saturday morning at 10 am, and as expected it was packed. Lovett blvd luckily had plenty of street parking up and down the street. They take your cell and text you when your table is ready, which gives you a little leeway to leave the premises. 

The complementary cup of coffee in the orange cups at the front was very pleasant! I appreciated that while waiting, but kind of don't get then why you have to pay for another cup when you sit down if you order one. Could i just go refill my orange cup? I am not sure how this is supposed to work here. 

But anyways, came back again and food was still delicious. I tried the Bangok Bloody which had an awesome fresh, spicy taste!"
"I've been looking forward to Snooze opening in Houston for a long time! The team at Snooze was kind enough to email back after about 7 months of me inquiring about their opening in order to invite me to the soft opening beginning 7/18. I went in this morning and had a lovely experience.

Firstly, the team at Snooze is super high energy and friendly. Everyone welcomed me in a very genuine manner. 

The menu, while focusing on breakfast favorites, is very diverse. There are a number of different types of pancakes and benedicts to chose from, plus many classic dishes. The pineapple upside down pancakes are to die for! 

They have a parking lot with ample parking - might fill up on weekends if you don't get there early. 

I cannot wait to come back and try more dishes."
The breakfast pot pie and sharing a pancake flight is where it's at. The wait on weekend is unbearable though. Ill have to wait for a free weekday to come back!
"Snooze is a great place for brunch...if you're willing to wait. Don't come here if you're already hungry; it's a guaranteed recipe for hangriness because the wait is usually at least 30 minutes - likely more. The only way to avoid the wait is come super early in the morning (weekends are the worst, but weekdays are still pretty busy), but if you're like me, you'd prefer to sleep and eat your brunch at, well, brunch time. 

Since you're likely to be waiting for a while, Snooze is actually prime if you're trying to catch up with someone because you can use the time to catch up on their life. And if you have an especially long wait, you can even walk across the street to Half-Price Books and do some browsing. You may think I'm kidding, but these are actually ways that I've passed the time while waiting for a table at Snooze...

Parking is also often a pain. I usually don't even try to park in their lot and just go straight to looking for street parking on Lovett Blvd. All of that being said, I actually do enjoy Snooze's food. It's exactly what you want for brunch...I've gotten the egg white frittata and egg white omelet (the latter of which I think is the better value, because you get hash browns with it). I've also gotten the pancake flight, which is a solid option to share with your brunch bunch. I will say that the pancakes were a little too sweet for me, but I've also always been more of a savory brunch person anyway. 

Snooze is planning to open at least a handful of new locations, which may help with the amount of traffic at this location...For now, I think Snooze is worth the occasional trip, but it's definitely not a regular brunch place for me."
"Lived up the hype. Amazing, fresh food. Great atmosphere, friendly staff. All good. Highly recommend but get there early as the wait can be long."
"There has been a lot of buzz this past week about this spot so of course I had to give it a try. I was worried there would be a line out the door, but we were lucky and only had to wait about 30 minutes. I ordered the Ham Benedict and my friend ordered the Breakfast Frittata. Just to spice it up, we added one Cinnamon Roll Pancake. HOLY MOLES YOU GUYS, that pancake! It had the perfect level of sweetness, great use of pecans and a richness from the dark chocolate chips. Don't get me wrong, the egg dishes we were great but the star was that one delicious pancake! The staff was friendly, excited and very attentive. So happy to have Snooze in the neighborhood!"
"Hash Browns were so incredibly flavorful. The breakfast pot pie was so good. The sausage gravy had a nice peppery, rich taste, and the pie crust was flaky. I was a little bit disappointed in the mimosa because it didn't taste strong enough, but I can look past that because our server was so friendly. I had a good experience here. I went on a Wednesday for brunch, the wait time was only 10min, and the food came out promptly. There's limited parking in the adjacent lot, so your best bet is parking somewhere on the side streets."
"I came to your restaurant this morning at approximately 6:55 am on 10/23/19. I placed a take out order for an omelet with no toast or potato's and a side of sausage. I told the hostess that I would sit at the round table immediately by the front door. I sat down and read my book waiting on my order. At 7:25 I went back to the front desk just a few feet away and asked about my order. Now a different young woman was at the desk and said ""Here it is on the shelf"" next to the front. 

I sat there waiting 30 minutes for an order that should have taken no more than 10-15 minutes to prepare and have ready. Her response was ""I didn't know it was for you."" I told the initial order taker where I was waiting for my order and no one apparently passed that on. Also in sitting there with no water, no order of a meal in front of me for 30 minutes and no one was curious why I was sitting there? For my health? Apparently not.

Now, my food is cold and completely unacceptable because there was NO follow up in your restaurant.There are far too many breakfast options in your neighborhood that I will now give my business too - Over Easy and Scramble being just two. I go out for breakfast three to four mornings every week spending  on average $250 every month and you have lost my business for good."
"Great breakfast! As an Eggs Benedict fan, this place delivered. The sauce was great and unique, with wonderful eggs and a soft English muffin. The hashbrowns were also a wonderful surprise as they had plenty of flavor without feeling like you needed to add to them. Best of all, was the staff. Friendly and genuinely looked like they loved being there, even going as far as to get on a name basis with you. Will definitely be back!"
As expected the wait was pretty long but not too bad (about 30 minutes). Free coffee while you wait! Once we were seated we didn't get waited on for another 15 minutes or so. I got an egg white scramble which was a bit lacking on flavor. The hash browns were pretty good but I would've preferred them a bit more crispy. Overall a decent brunch with a hip atmosphere.
"Maybe an off day for them? Came in on Sunday. Mediocre at best. I had the Snooze Spud. Eggs were uncooked when brought to me, onions were not even sautéed which was kind of off-putting. Wasn't thrilled by the taste of the food. It was something that I could've made at home without costing as much. I wanted to like this place. The atmosphere is cool and the coffee was good. Service was alright. I'm willing to give them another shot but maybe try something different on the menu."
"Awesome brunch spot! I'm partial to the Benny Goodman dish because I love me some smoked salmon, poached eggs, and hollandaise sauce. If you can't decide between a couple of their benny dishes, you can go with the Benny Duo where you can try half of each dish. I love that that's an option! Also, you can't dine here and skip one of their pancakes or french toasts. I ordered the OMG French Toast during my last visit and it was really tasty! I thought that it had the perfect amount of sweetness to it.

The service here has been great during each of my visits. The servers seem to work in teams and they're all attentive. Expect a long wait, especially during peak hours where you could wait as long as 2 hours! Bring a snack to munch on while you wait. In my opinion, the wait is worth it. :) Also beware of their tiny parking lot! I never have any luck in that lot so I usually park on the streets in the surrounding neighborhood."
"We split a flight of pancakes and the chilaquiles benedict. The pancakes were amazing, but the chilaquiles were the star. One of the best things I've ever eaten. We ate here for breakfast and still had to go take a nap afterwards."
Amazing atmosphere and food!! I love the unique food items. The food is alittle slow coming out but worth it. I had the benny half plate and the barbacoca was excellent! The various flavored pancake options were wonderful. I will return again.
"My first time at Snooze was a success! There's a reason that the wait can at times exceed an hour. This place is delicious and adorable!

We got there around 10:40 am on a Thursday and our wait for two was 25 minutes. We noticed that people really started coming in around 11 am so be sure to get there before that if you don't want to wait too long! As for parking, I had to park about a 2 minute walk away by CVS because the small lot for Snooze was absolutely packed! Unless you really don't want to walk a few extra feet, I'd recommend not even trying to get into the parking lot and parking on the street. 

They offer free coffee while you wait which is a bonus in my eyes. The restaurant itself is decorated really nicely with bold colors and stylish seating. I fell IN LOVE with their colorful ceramic cups and plates! Their customer service was also really great an amazing. The server that seated us asked us if it was our first time, and said yes. After a couple of minutes of sitting down, he brought us out the pancake of the day - Espresso Chocolate - for us to try, NO CHARGE! It was delicious and I thought it made for a great first experience.

I ordered the 3 pancake stack and had the chocolate chip, pumpkin spice, and peanut butter cup pancakes. They were all delicious! Didn't even need to add syrup. It can get overwhelming with all the chocolate so be careful when ordered chocolate pancakes.

Overall, a wonderful first experience and I look forward to my next visit!"
"Snooze is a wonderful cafe, especially for visitors with children. My two kids love 
Snooze very much. This place has very tasty cakes! It has cozy and relaxed atmosphere. The staff are always polite and can advise you what to choose. We often come here to buy some cakes. I give them all five stars out of five."
"The wait is long, no matter what time you get there but the atmosphere is pretty cool! The food was great, came out fairly quick. The good part about the wait is that you can purchase drinks at the bar or play games to pass the time. Highly recommended, just be prepared to wait!"
Loved this place went here with a group of friends really nice scenery from the out to the inside! Outside while waiting they have a cornhole board to get a little game of cornhole in they also have outdoor seating if you want to sit outside and eat. The inside is really spacious with a lot of seating available to be able to get a good breakfast. Really liked how clean it was inside it was very well taken care and the food itself was awesome! Our service was great also walked in with about five other people our server was very prompt and welcoming since we were in town visiting. Certainly a place I will come back try if I get the chance to visit again.
A bit over priced and the line is usually very long. They have nice drinks but to me the food is average.
"I honestly don't know what the craze is about Snooze. I'm be been here several times and the service is sub-par at best and the food is really nothing special.  I've had the egg and potato burrito which was A LOT more potato than egg, the corn beef hash which lacked flavor and the pancakes which were decent but then again if you can't make good pancakes, then you should def not be open for breakfast.  The only thing I'm really impressed with are the hash browns b/c they taste awesome w/a little bit of ketchup.  
I'm pretty much convinced that this place is popular b/c it's kinda a hipster hangout and it's new.  I love love love breakfast but I'm absolutely going to take my money elsewhere.  In fact I think I'm headed back to Barnaby's Cafe :)."
"If you have never been to the Pink Elephant in NY, this place will surely make you feel like it. Long, long, long lines masquerading as ""super busy happening spot"" when almost 50% of tables are empty. The service is unfriendly and I'm being generous here. The food is, well, I think I just whipped up some of the same crap at home last week. And the strangest thing, they only carry wheat beers for their beer selections. I don't know why that bothers me so much, but it does. So, if you want to stand in line for hours and feel like you are getting into the Pink Elephant (which was actually worth the wait btw), only to go inside to be met with bad service and eat some eggs, prepared exactly like you would at home, by all means get in line NOW! You may eat by the end of the week. And the parking situation...Don't even get me started."
"The food was very good, but the service was not worth the high prices. Our waitress didn't come back after our food was brought to us and i had to get up to find her to ask for the check. While I was waiting for a table, I ordered a drink at the bar and the bartender was very nice and fast."
"Of course you're going to have to expect a wait if you try to go on the weekends, but the food is amazing and beyond worth it. All the servers have just been amazing and I can't wait til I get to have the blueberry danish pancakes again!"
"Had to come here again on Sunday because I think I have a clinical addiction to the blueberry danish pancakes. The only upsetting thing was watching a group of grown women act like idiot children and verbally assaulting the hostesses for having to wait. Seriously y'all, they were damn rude. I will continue to be a loyal Snoozer for life!"
"I had the opportunity to re-
visit Snooze again yesterday with my wife and a couple of friends.  Need to give credit where credit is due.  We were seated timely.  The service was excellent and the food great!  Good time had by all."
"The main reason I'm giving a 3 star rating is because of the long wait and that while waiting we had to wait a long time in order to get a drink at the bar. Only one person was taking drink orders as well as serving people food at the bar and it made waiting less enjoyable. However, the food was AMAZING! We got the Benny Benny eggs Benedict and the hash browns and it was so good. Would recommend this place for the food but would warn to be ready for a long wait!"
"What a phenomenal breakfast. I had the breakfast pot pie, with extra egg and fruit. It was one of the best breakfasts I ever had. Service was prompt and courteous, food was excellent with great presentation. Good assortment of fruit in the fruit bowl. I highly recommend Snooze. I will be back!"
"Great atmosphere, no line on a weekday , I loved their French toast it was light and flavorful. They even have coffee for when there is a line. Also I find them technologically  advanced they hand you the check if you pay card you can do it yourself each check comes with a small machine that allows you to pay. They also take cash . Only downfall is they didn't have Splenda which is what my family uses but the stevia did the job ! Will definitely come back and is worth the wait if we had to wait too !"
"First time! (rainy days suck)

parking: street park

what I ordered: flight (3 small (actually huge) pancakes of your choice) $9 = makes you super full
Flavors: pineapple, blueberry, & sweet potato.

Pineapple was my fav. 
Blueberry and sweet potato was okay.

On top of sweet potato pancake, it has pecans which were good.

It comes with syrup and butter. 
The pancakes are well-made.

place hours: 6:30-2:30pm

The restaurant is not too small, but it's crowded. 
I to-goed my order but I think they have board games as well. 

They also have a bar seating. The place is well decorated with bright lights.

For my to-go order, I waitied around 20min (I understand it was raining and busy)."
"This would have been a 4 star review but I was disappointed with the customer service. 

Everyone knows there is always a wait time at Snooze. Therefore, my friend and I decided to be there at 10:30AM on a Saturday to get a table by 11:30AM. To our luck, we got a table around 11:10. They sat us down. We were just sipping on our water and chit chatting while waiting for our 3 other friends to arrive. About 20 minutes later, an employee (probably a manager of some sort) approached us and asked when the rest of our party was coming. We responded that they should be here soon. She said we should check up with our friends because other customers who are waiting won't be too happy when they see an empty table (we didn't order any food yet since we were still waiting). FIRST OF ALL, our table was at the very end of the restaurant (next to the bathroom). No one would have noticed us unless they purposely stand at the edge of our table and stare. I wonder if she acts like this with other tables who are just taking their sweet time to finish their food. WE CAME THERE TO EAT so WE WILL ORDER. If your point was to get us to order something first, then just say it. The way you acted made us feel like you wanted to take away our table that we legitimately waited for. Although, I will give her some kudos for trying to lessen the wait time for the other customers since we were still waiting for our friends.

Next issue. Our waiter was not the world's friendliest person. He checks on us here and there. But when we asked specifically for something like an extra high chair or more coconut milk, you can tell that he was irritated but was trying really hard to not show it. It seems like the only thing he was happy doing was refilling our water.

Besides the annoying customer service experience...their food was delicious.

Smashed Avocado Benny (8/10): Two English muffins topped with smashed avocado, sliced tomatoes, two poached eggs, and smothered with smoked cheddar hollandaise sauce. All the ingredients were perfectly seasoned and I was eager to eat this entree.

I recommend getting their pancake flight so you can try 3 different types of pancakes! Their batter is consistently very fluffy and not too cakey!"
Was looking for a cool place to take my friend for breakfast and mimosas on his birthday. He ordered the steak n eggs benny and asked for it to be cooked well done and the server said that they could not cook it well done that it only comes medium well. He ended up not even ordering anything because it was a simple request as to how he likes his steak cooked. Kinda sucks because I drove 20 minutes to get here and he didn't eat. The chai tea was good though! I'm sure the steak would have tasted good but they could have made the exception to make it right. I don't think an extra minute on the grill would've been a big deal.
This place has Fantastic food. Service has always been good and I'm always pleasantly surprised when I try a new dish. Highly recommend
"Great place for brunch but definitely expect a wait. Went on a Saturday at around 11 am and had to wait about an hour for a table. Their estimated wait time was pretty accurate though, which was helpful. Parking in the lot is almost impossible, so expect to park in the nearby neighborhoods.

We got the spuds deluxe with sausage and mushrooms, the benny duo with the ham benedict and the chile verde, and the blueberry danish pancakes. The spuds deluxe came as a HUGE plate of hash browns, which were good but not spectacular. Both the benedicts however were delicious! The smoked cheddar hollandaise, poached egg, and english muffin were such a great combination on the ham benedict. The pancakes are also huge, but seemed a bit dry. Favorite part of the blueberry danish was the cream cheese filling in the center. Overall would go again for the eggs benedicts."
"Awesome selection of breakfast foods with a few lunch items as well. Excellent combinations of flavor on the Benedict dishes, pancakes, and french toast. Fun, energetic staff makes the place fun for all ages."
"Hello, Houston: we have a new brunch spot!!!! Snooze is awesome. I went for the soft opening and tried several items off the menu. First and foremost: have the pancake of the day. Do it! Mine was a buttermilk carrot pancake with a curry vanilla drizzle topped with toasted coconut and basil. Eureka!!! It was amazing. I also had the Double Benny, which gives you the option to have 2 types of Eggs Benedict. I had the original and the Benny Verde (Mexican version). Yes. Do it! I was concerned about the Mexican Benny, but it was delicious! I also had a standard mimosa (Mmm Mmm Mimosa), which was good and substantial. My wife had the Mayan Mocha, an adult coffee beverage (iced), which was delicious! She had the Sandwich I Am sandwich, which was great--she added avocado and had it with black beans on the side (refried).

Parking is somewhat limited--you might have to walk a bit--but there is a parking lot there. Definitely go--I'm sure you can find whatever you want on their extensive menu!"
"First off, let me say I'm not usually a going out breakfast person.  A bowel of oatmeal, or eggs, or pancakes at home is fine for me and the family.  However, I must say Snooze is really good.  Everything was fresh and had great flavors.  Had the pancake flight and pot pie.  Our waitress was a bit distracted and just seemed unengaged with us - another waiter actually came by to ask if we needed anything.  Glad he asked - yes, more coffee please.  
Parking is bad but just deal.  We didn't wait on a weekday and was there about 8:30-9.

I'll be going back to try some other items - the pico looked so fresh and gotta have more pancakes."
"Well this was just awesome!!! We had the pancake flight!!! Cinnamon roll, blueberry danish, and sweet potato cakes!!! Just amazing! I had the pineapple up pancake with eggs Benedict duo with a chiliclas and rancho with the best hash brown I have In forever. And a side of bacon! They have free coffee while you wait and the waiter was great very helpful since we are new in town and very interested in we're we were from(Tulsa). Then when he found out we were here in town for my daughter's surgery they comped meal ! We will definitely be back to try more of the menu and bring family!"
"Sat outside at the patio bc I brought my dog with me. What a bad choice to make in the first place.. it was hot and humid sitting outside today. I was sweating like crazy. 
Having said that, I was already kind of irritated. 

I didn't take a good look at the inside, but I did go to the bathroom which was clean and well organized. There is only 1 sink to wash hands. The AC inside felt so good compared to sitting outside. 

We ordered our drinks and it took around 10 minutes for us to receive it. Took another 10 minutes to place our order bc our waitress was no where to be found, and took around 25 minutes to get our food. The overall wait time was extremely long. Not sure if our waitress was busy with other things, but her service was slow (but she was nice and apologized for the wait). 

I ordered the snooze classic, with scrambled eggs, bacon AND sausage (had to give some to my doggo), and hash browns. I've also upgraded my toast to the pancake of the day which was aloha pancakes.

I loved the hash browns, but the bacon, sausage, and eggs weren't so great. Bacon wasn't crisp enough, sausage was kind of bland, and the scrambled eggs were over cooked. The aloha pancakes were amazing none the less! 

For the price that I was paying, $32 including tip, was just way too overpriced for the food. The mimosa was $8, and to upgrade to a pancake was an extra $4. 

I'd still come back for the great pancakes, but I'd pass on the savory selections."
"This establishment has some work to do with the wait time for food to come out but every negative aspect was wiped clear when we dug our teeth into the magnificent piece of breakfast/lunch that came out a little late. 

We got:
-The corned beef hash. Tasted great but it got too boring of a taste mid way where I had to use a good portion of the Sriracha sauce for the taste to kick back in again. 
-The Snooze Classic. The bf got it cause he liked to keep his food simple. It tasted good. Not much to compliment on it. Just the average joe for a classic breakfast meal.
-OMG! French Toast. The highlight of my day. I'm a sweet tooth and this plate was just the sweet tooth meal to finish off my great breakfast. 

Like I said, you'll be waiting a while for the food to come out so I wouldn't recommend this place who needs to be out in a jiffy or who's looking for a quick breakfast. But when you're seated and all the while you're waiting, the waitress comes every now and then to apologize for the wait and that she just checked and it'll be out shortly. I don't know if she really went and checked and all but it's the thought that counts :)"
"Snooze A.M. is the place for you if you're a fan of brunch and waiting for a long time! This business is smart enough to know that distractions keep people pleased and build up an appetite. Lucky for you, breakfast/brunch eater, this restaurant provides several outdoor game options you can occupy yourself with while waiting for seating. Before you get too excited about losing in a game of Connect Four, make sure to go inside and give them your name and phone number. They'll contact you when a table is ready. Prepare to do some more waiting after you are seated and have your order taken. You won't have games to distract you at this point, but at least you're seated! My advice is to get there really early (no later than 7:30 AM). The wait time to get seated was about 30 - 40 minutes when I went around 8:30 AM on a Saturday morning. I had better luck on my second visit when I got there at 7 AM on a freezing cold Saturday morning. Parking was easy, and I was immediately seated that second time. 

I got the Bella! Bella! Bunny the first time I tried Snooze A.M., and I would no doubt try that again someday. It was savory and filling--no complaints there. What made my first trip so memorable and worthwhile was the server, Katrina. She was incredibly kind and informative! When I asked her about the pancake of the day, she said what it was and described it. I passed up on it, but at the end of the meal, she gave my table that pancake as a complimentary dessert. 

The memorable service lured me back for a second visit. The service wasn't as impressive as Katrina's, but it was fine. I had the Breakfast Pot Pie with a sunny side up egg this time and didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. The flavors were bland, but the crust was perfectly flaky. It was definitely filling, and I had to bring home the leftovers. I also ordered the pancake of the day for dessert, which I believe was a blueberry Danish pancake. It was delicious! 

Overall, the food was good, but it doesn't stand out from other breakfast/brunch joints. I don't think the wait is worth it, but I am a fan because of the astonishing service I got during my first visit. Katrina is actually why I wanted to start a Yelp account! I can see myself returning once in a while if I'm willing to wake up really early on a weekend morning. Beware of the very limited parking, and prepare to do street parking."
"Unimpressed overall.

We knew there would be a wait when we arrived. We were quoted 45 minutes to an hour and we ended up waiting about 1.5 hours because they were running a little behind. We expected this, so it wasn't a big deal. What we didn't expect was having to wait an additional 30 minutes for our food to arrive after we placed our orders. 

We sat next to the kitchen, so we were able to witness firsthand how inefficient the kitchen was. I have never worked in a kitchen, so I might not know what I am talking about. But I'm pretty sure it's not a good sign when food only leaves the kitchen every 5-10 minutes in this large of a restaurant and servers are crowding the front of the kitchen waiting for entrees to deliver. I went to the bathroom and saw 6 empty tables. Surprising, considering how many people were waiting to be seated. I think they intentionally left some tables empty since the kitchen was backed up. 

The food was average at best. I ordered the breakfast pot pie. The individual components (flaky pastry, gravy) were delicious, but just didn't work well together. The gravy made the pastry really soggy. My husband ordered the spuds deluxe. The hash browns were crispy on the outside, but sort of wet on the inside, not soft and fluffy. The pancake flight was most disappointing. We tried the blueberry danish, sweet potato, and pineapple upside down cake. The sweet potato pancakes taste nothing like sweet potato. Actually, I couldn't taste much of any of the pancakes because every inch was smothered in syrup, butter, and sugary toppings. I love sweets, but these pancakes were practically inedible. Lastly, we ordered quesadillas from the kids' menu for our son. They were supposed to be cheese, egg, and potato quesadillas, however, there were no eggs or potatoes in them. They don't even have plain cheese quesadillas on the kids' menu, so I don't know how they managed to make this mistake. We decided to let it go since we didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for it to be corrected. 

Would not come back. They have a lot to work on, especially operationally. I think two stars is pretty generous. Just hit ""snooze"" this weekend and sleep in, you'll be disappointed you woke up early to wait in line here."
"It's always a long line if you come mid-morning on the weekends! But oh boy, those sweet potato pancakes are well worth the wait! Everything on the menu has a special taste of delicious - I've never tasted a bad bite here! The servers are always smiling and kind as well."
"This is my second time coming here. The first time I came here I would have rated this place 3 stars for a couple of reasons.  For starters the wait was an hour and thirty minutes long. But don't worry you can keep yourself busy by walking to a coffee shop down the street (Southside expresso which has lovely coffee) near by and then snooze will call you when you're next in line. That time I had the pancake flight which was not my cup of tea ; they were cold and overly sweet. But I also  had the eggs benedit III which were delicious. So overall mediocre experience.

This visit - I decided to give it another try on a Thursday morning around 8:30am: no wait. There was still no parking cause that lot is small but no worries there's so much parking on the street! Already my experience felt better. I had the French toast neat which was delicious. So good! Perfectly sweet without it being overly done. They have a cream that's on there that you can spread onto your French toast that taste like the cream in cannolis which was yummy. By the time I got to them they were a but cold and I really still enjoyed them. I also shared the eggs benedit III and chicken pot pie both of which I enjoyed. 

PRO TIP: do yourself a favor and get all the hash browns flat and crispy soooo much better  ! 


That's all from me y'all :)"
Packed when we went but really worth the wait. Got the flight of pancakes and loved them all. Prices were reasonable and service was great!
"This spot is never NOT packed with a line that often forms along the sidewalk. This is a chain found in TX, CO, and CA, and I happened to visit the location in Montrose in Houston. I found that the food was good, 'diner like', and fills a niche in the neighborhood. The service leaves much to be desired. I went on a Friday a bit before lunchtime and there was a 25-35 min wait, which I typically see as a good sign. 

We ordered the custom omelet and the sweet potato hash. Both were good, I did find that the sweet potato dish was incredibly salty, and used extra bread from the omelet to cut the salt. We also ordered a dish to go, avocado toast. The server, who had about 6 customers to wait on (we were at the bar) did a subpar job of keeping water glasses full, checking in, and was overall pretty short with us. To the point I felt bad asking for anything. Obviously this is one person, and I'm sure there are great wait staff there, unfortunately I didn't have that experience."
"Wait is a pain in the *ss.  I was here over a year ago and waited 2 hours so it took me a while to come back.  This time it was a 45-1 hour, which was what they quoted me on the two hour wait but actually this time it was fulfilled.  Parking is pretty much street curb unless you get lucky to park on their half of the parking lot.

Carful of the potential crazy bums walking along Montrose.

My picks are the pancakes and the Benedicts.  The pancake of the day wasn't as good as the pineapple Pancake but it's not bad just not as impressive.  Definitely ask for the syrup to go w the pancakes.  They might give you a tiny one but I like to drown mine so definitely ask for two if you are a syrup lover.

The breakfast burrito was meh.

Hubby likes the hash.

Careful where you park on the street cause I got a ticket!"
The food was average. I don't think it's worth the 2 hr wait on a Saturday morning. I had the migas and my mum had pancakes. Nothing to rave about TBH. Sad that such a highly reviewed place was bit of a disappointment.
Delicious. Three of us had a difficult time choosing there were so many options. We picked unique dishes and we were all pleased with what we order. The portions were large. Food was prepared well. Cost is a little on the high side. At first it seemed parking was difficult but there is another lot behind the building. Can't wait to take my wife here.
"Food was disappointing. I had high expectations because of the reviews, but it was all pretty much hype. The food was bland & cold. For two basic plates (eggs, hash browns & ham) it was $40....west gray cafe has better food & it isn't overpriced...plus you don't have to stress yourself to death over parking."
OH EM GEEEEE the BEST eggs Benedict!! Pancakes are retardedly delicious! Bacon is on point! A def must have!!
This review is way overdue. My friend recommended this place and this is the best breakfast restaurant in Houston hands down! If you are in town make sure you visit one of their several locations throughout the city. You won't be disappointed.
"Fantastic breakfast-
Omelette (with ham Swiss and mushroom) was light and fluffy
Hash browns were reallllyyyy good
Bacon would be the only thing that wasn't great. chewy. (And they had some weird diet soda)
The ""French toast neat"" was excellent! Perfectly cooked, and the berries were very fresh.
Highly recommend!"
"Came here for lunch one day with a couple of friends and braved the 45 minute wait since I was craving some good pancakes (hoping it was just as good as the one in Denver). Service was a bit slow but the pancakes were to die for. They did comp the pancakes for us since we had a long wait for our food. Definitely will be coming back.

We ordered ...

Pancake Flight - where you can choose 3 different flavors (blueberry danish, OMG french toast, and sweet potato with pecan). The sweet potato one was hands down the best one!

The Benny Goodmen - a benedict with smoked salmon, very rich since it also has cream cheese but very flavorful.

Ham Benedict III - a traditional approach to a benedict, wasn't bad but couldn't quite compare to the salmon one. 

Snooze breakfast Burrito - this thing was huge, but nothing special really. 

The BEAT sandwich- the bacon on the blt made it better. It was thick was a side of sweetness from the maple syrup just perfection.  I had to get an extra side of bacon cause it was so good."
"We were here around 10am on Labor Day. There was an hour wait but since they will text and give you 5 minutes to appear, we had plenty of time to go to Walgreens nearby. It was so worth the wait! I have celiac and the waitress assured me they would make sure my breakfast was modified to be gluten free and safe. It was delicious!"
"First time trying Snooze, have to start off by saying that it definitely lives up to the hype. We got there around 9:45am on a Tuesday (during Spring break) and it was that packed,yet. After ordering our food the line stated to pile up. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good brunch place with yummy bloody Mary's and mimosas. I recommend the French toast neat,but have to say that it is a little too much on the sweet side. Especially with the syrup and mascarpone,so go easy on that if you do try it."
"Breakfast with the ladies this morning was fantastic!!!! First off, if you wanna eat at a decent time make sure you are early! This place gets PACKED. I ordered the pancake flight, this option allows you to choose 3 flavors or pancakes. I choose pineapple upside down which was BEYOND AMAZING!!!!!!!!! Whew it blew my socks off baby, I also got a cinnamon roll pancake which was very decadent and tasty! Lastly I opted to get French toast and by far it was the best French toast I've ever had! It has this creamy cheese filling. Omg sooooo good!!!! The bacon is thick center cut goodness and eggs were cooked perfectly! If you want an amazing breakfast try this place! Thank me later"
"Snooze is located in a hip little neighborhood in Houston.  When I pulled up to the address I noticed the line out of the door and the parking lot was full. Thankfully, I ended up finding a park on the street less than one block away. 

I was greeted by a smiling hostess who informed me that the wait would be about 40 minutes (and I was okay with that). After about 40 minutes I was seated in a booth and my server ""Tiny Dancer"" (her name on my receipt) came over immediately. She had a huge smile on her face that made me want to hug her and say ""Hey Girl Hey!"" And she was on point...didn't miss a beat. 

Initially, I wanted to order the pancake flight but I knew I wouldn't be able to eat all three pancakes by myself. So I went with the OMG French Toast, Scrambled Egg, Chicken Sausage, Hash Browns & a caramel latte.  Everything....Everything was fantastic! But before my order came out, a Frosted Sticky Bun pancake was brought to my table ""compliments from my server"". Then while I was eating this heavenly tasting pancake (taste like it was made by The Creator Himself) a gentleman walked up, and kneeled down to verify everything was tasting divine (I'm still wondering if he was the owner or a manager). I could tell he had a passion for Snooze, he seemed invested and determined to make sure every customer was 100% satisfied. 

I didn't want to leave, it was such a pleasant experience that I left a 100% tip with a little note saying everything was perfect. Snooze has me considering making Houston my new home. Totally worth the 40 minute wait on a beautiful Friday afternoon. So glad I ventured out on my own while visiting Houston."
"Always a winner but sometimes a LONG wait. So get out of bed and go early.

Wide and diverse selection of breakfast fare from waffles to eggs to pancakes to ...... Booze too.

Friendly and hard working staff. 

There is a reason why this Denver-base chain is expanding."
"To be very dramatic...THIS IS THE GREATEST BREAKFAST SPOT IVE EVER BEEN TO. French toast? Exceptional. Pancakes? To die for. Hash browns? A little weird tasting, but you get past it. I had the pancake flight and added a plain French toast(carbs are my friend) and was pleasantly surprised at how perfect everything was. Go here, but expect a wait and terrible parking. Fortunately there's several locations in Houston !"
The wait!!! First off parking is a complete nightmare but don't let that be a deterrent!!! The wait was about 45 minutes but this was on a Saturday morning. The crowd moved pretty quickly. Once inside the hustle and bustle is very apparent. Although the service you're given is a plus. The food is very fresh and you can definitely tell the difference compared to other breakfast establishments. There's a bar but don't count on it being fully stocked. It's only stocked according to the breakfast themed drinks on the menu. The atmosphere is very laid back and inviting definitely worth the experience.
This place was great! I loved the Pancake Flight. The best one was the blueberry stuffed with the lemon cream cheese...mmmmmm!!!!! Definitely didn't mind the wait after the food came out. Oh yea...the bacon was spectacular!
"This place sucks. Honestly, the food here are things I could have easily made at home. Everyone was telling me how good this place was. Well, after waiting an hour and a half before even getting to sit down, we ordered different plates which were all unimpressive. Food was average. There's no way in hell this place is worth waiting for. Save your money and your time and go somewhere else. Also, service sucked. The waiter treated us as if we were a bother. Screw this place. I will be sure and tell everyone how much this place sucks."
"I would given it 4 stars today, but because the food was subpar.  However, I used to love the food here, but today service was not the best.  I order the snooze classic with extra bacon and pineapple pancakes.  The server gave my bacon to someone else at the table.  The other person that was sitting with me did not get her bacon.  It appeared the server avoided eye contact so he did not have stop what he was doing.  I always order the pineapple pancake but this time the pancakes was a little dry.  However, the hash brown was amazing as usual!  The parking is not the best and lines are long...however, it should be expected because of the location.  I must commend today's hostess because she said the wait was 10 minutes, but we were almost seated admittedly."
"I really liked the food at snooze when I had it in Austin but when you're given a severe underestimation of wait time and you have to wait in the Houston humidity and heat or the small entry way AND park super far, it is not worth it at all. When we were finally seated the service was good and the dishes we had were good but the extended wait made us lose our appetites. We were told 45-1hr and waited over 1.5 hours for a less than 30 minute meal. Get the eggs Benedict you can't go wrong."
"Good stuff!

Got the OMG French toast and the Ham Benedict III. Both were spectacular. The French toast sauce (some mix of salted caramel, vanilla cream and mascarpone cheese) was phenomenal. It tasted like warmed condense milk and I refused to let our waitress remove my plate before I licked every last drop. The Brioche was buttery and fluffy and was a good match for the delicious sauce. I only wished they would have dipped the bread in the sauce for longer so the middle can soak up more of the sauce as it was a bit bland. 

Ham Benedict III was amazing as well. Snooze is not kidding when their menu describes a ""perfectly poached egg"" under the description because the egg was indeed poached to perfection. When you cut your fork through the layer of hollandaise, egg, ham and English muffin, the egg yolk oozes out and spills down your tower of Benedict goodness. Perrrrrfect. I wasn't so big on the hash brown patty/cake that came along, but it was still decent.

Service was good and there was no wait since we came on a weekday; however expect a 1-1.5hr wait especially on the weekend.

Looking forward to coming back to try other stuff on the menu, and already notified a few friends about this great new find!"
"i patroned the restaurant when they first opened, so i am sure that they were working out the kinks. the reason why i give 4 stars instead of 5 is because the michelada should not even be called a ""michelada""--it was not so good. otherwise, i enjoyed it."
"Went here for brunch today and it was so good! The food was great, the service was great, they even gave me and my friend a free appetizer. One of the best Benedicts I've ever tried, 10/10 recommend!"
"I came with some friends to try the place out and waited about an hour on  a Friday morning. We also ate for about an hour.  There is hardly any parking so you may need to park in the street or across the street in the lot if you get there and the parking lot is already full. Lots of space outside for people to sit around and wait and you can get drinks while you're waiting outside too.  

I tried the pancake platter with a couple of different kinds. The one with the strawberries were the best as well as the pineapple upside down.  The chocolate is also verrrrry good but kind of sweet or thick for me.  Hashbrowns were pretty average and the sausage that my friend ordered (I tried some) was meh.  The bacon was very crispy though and good. 

Overall, the food was great but not great enough to wait over an hour.  I'd come again but only if I anticipated that my wait was less than hour based on the time I was going, and ready to come for longer conversation with friends.  They kind of clean up the tables real quick to turn your table over.  I get it, but I also don't like being rushed after I waited so long to sit down in the first place."
"Great pancakes, great eggs; long wait but worth it!"
The eggs Benedict was great! Tasted amazing. I got a table pretty quickly even tho the restaurant was busy. The waiters were very friendly and always made sure to check up on how we were doing. I would definitely come back again!
"As most people that drive by know, there is always a wait.  We arrived at 10:30 am and It was still packed so we waited a while. I wasn't too bothered by that because I take it as a good sign that the place must be good. 

Once we were finally seated I believe It was about 15minutes before some one came and got our drink orders and another 10 by the time we got drinks. We ordered food and waited around 35-40 minutes for our meal. Or more... 

I got egg benidicts with a quinoa corn cake which wasn't all that bad but not worth the wait or the drive. 

The manager came over and apologized for the wait which was very nice of her. 

My friends also didn't enjoy their meal and they got the Benedict ranchero. Cold beans and tortillas on both their plates. 

Not coming back any time soon.."
"Mebu was innovative. Presentation was great. Food tasted...adequate, albeit over-priced for what you actually receive, but hey this is Montrose where you are paying to be seen (I guess).  Service was sluggish initially but eventually gaine inertia. Bringing in a large group in really derails the staff. It took about 45 minutes to get us all seated. I am not sure why; apparently they forgot about their entirely vacant patio tables.

All things considered, the value for dollar here means I will probably try somewhere else next time. Having a pretty face just doesn't feed the pitbull, ya know?"
"This place has amazing breakfast items.  I've tried many dishes and all were good.  Non breakfast items though are just okay.  If not for the long wait times, snooze deserves 5 stars for its unique flavors on the breakfast menu."
"We came here with high hope, but needless to say it was nothing special. The wait wasn't bad, we arrived at 8:00 Saturday morning and got seated in about 25min. Our waitress took our order, but the wait on the food was about another 15-20 min. She didn't return to fill up our coffee or check on us until we were half way done with our meal. The pancakes were nothing special, just fluffy but I like mine with a little crispy edges and buttery...it was none of that. Instead, to compensate for the lack of texture they added so much sweet toppings to cover the taste. I got the Trio: blueberry danish, pineapple upside down, and pumpkin. Our table also order the OMG french toast, classic snooze, and some hash brown dish. The eggs and hash brown dishes were bland. The OMG French toast was ok too. The restaurant itself wasn't cute either. Just seems like an iHOP in a nice location..."
Definitely one of the best brunches I've had in Houston. Wait was an hour on a Friday morning so don't go on a really empty stomach!
"I love this place! 

The restaurant is cute with fun decor, the service is amazing and the staff is super friendly and welcoming. 

The wait was a little over an hour which was expected for a Sunday at noon. Not only is the food is totally worth the wait but they also have a waitress who takes drink orders from the patio area outside and complimentary coffee while you wait which helped make the wait more tolerable too. 

The entire cocktail and food menu looked tasty but I decided on the chilaquiles Benedict and a mimosa and my friend chose the pancake flight with the bacon vodka Bloody Mary. Both my mimosa and the Benedict were delicious! The Benedict had perfectly poached eggs and poblano hollandaise over flavorful barbacoa and crispy hash browns on the side. The pancakes were super fluffy and topped and filled with all kinds of deliciousness. We both loved our entrees and finished everything!

This is a must try breakfast/brunch spot if you find yourself in the Montrose area. 

I will definitely be back!"
Food is alright but way overrated and expensive. After waiting to be seated for 40 min. We waited another 14 min until our server arrived. He said apparently no one told him that he had a table waiting. I don't think we will come back!!
"Can't find friendlier servers anywhere. I came 8AM Saturday morning before a long day of hiking Rocky Mountain National Park and after waiting a half an hour after ordering food I was going to miss my transportation to the park. I told my server and he was apologetic and gave didn't charge me for my drinks. I was determined to try Snooze so I went again Sunday morning (even earlier) to grab a seat at the bar and try it again. This time, my meal came out in 15 minutes and was delicious. Their menus is extensive so can be overwhelming and I was I had the opportunity to go back and try some more options. I had the chicken sausage and egg and paired  it with some hash browns. My server kindly recommend a delicious green habanero hot sauce which add the right amount of punch to the meal. 
Overall, would definitely recommend this spot just budget enough time. There is ALWAYS a wait (even at 8AM and even for a sole bar seat). This place is probably the most popular breakfast/brunch spot in the city. I overhead waits for over an hour for a table of four. They do not take reservations so put your name down and plan on doing something else in the area for that time period (they will text you when your seat is ready)."
Breakfast/ brunch is okay. A bit overrated in Houston. The prices are okay. Wait is extremely too long. In a small area.
"I'm sad to report that this location does not compare to the one I've been to in Denver. I had high hopes that I would get to enjoy the beauty that is Snooze more than once a year.

When we arrived after 9:30 on a Sunday, we were quoted a 60-75 minute wait which proved to be true - it took almost 75 minutes on the dot. We made our way over to Half-Priced Books in the meantime to cool off and get a little retail therapy in.

Once we were seated, we took our time to review the menu and make our choices. The only downside was that our server frequently checked in on us despite only a few minutes having passed each time. Not a huge deal though. Our food took a while to be brought out which was fine as well - we knew what we were getting into. 

My issue came when the food actually arrived. I looked at my Sandwich I Am and noticed there was no cheese on it. I tried to ask my server to take care of it, and she explained that the cheese was actually inside the eggs. As I made my way through the sandwich, I confirmed that there was no cheese anywhere to be found. After waiting so long to eat, I didn't want my food to disappear from my sight so I made do. Maybe the chefs are still working out the kinks with their consistency.

The other downside was the massive number of people who crammed around the bar as they waited for their tables. I'm not sure how this can be prevented - bar service outside? Fans to cool off the people waiting in line? 

Overall - decent food, long wait, lots of people."
"This will be my favorite brunch place in Houston from now on. The wait is worth every bite. Don't see it as wait, see it as build up of anticipation to a food experience so rich that you'll be left speechless. We got the Benedict Duo and Pancake Flight which lets you mix and match different styles. Service is excellent, shout out to Aaron!"
"Overly crowded for good reason! Everything was so good!! We went on a Sunday around 12:00 and of course it was packed. We put our name down to be texted when our table was ready. They said it'd be an hour and 45 min wait, but really it ended up being about 50 min. The service was excellent. The waitress was extremely attentive and friendly. She even gave us a coupon for a free pancake to apologize for the wait. I started with a dirty chai. It had a very strong spice which I liked. I would have preferred it a little creamier, but it was still really good. I got the pancake flight with sweet potato, blueberry Danish, and strawberry coconut (the pancake of the day)  plus a peanut butter cup pancake. The peanut butter cup was my favorite with sweet potato as a strong second. The blueberry and strawberry were really good, but super sweet. While 4 pancakes doesn't sound like a lot, here it is. Just the single peanut butter cup would have been plenty. I had to take a lot home for leftovers. I'll for sure be back, but I'll wait until the hype dies down a tad."
"This place is so amazing good! Service was good, music was going, atmosphere was amazing really cool place... but the food by far was the best part. I don't usually like breakfast but when I say this was finger licking good. I will definitely go back soon and keep trying different plates! For sure will recommend and almost guarantee you will love it as much as I do!"
"I have been to the snooze on 99 In cinco ranch for my birthday and really enjoyed it. Great food, vibes and people, it was only natural that I would choose snooze again to host my monthly Houston lash artist meet up, this time I chose Montrose location because it's the middle spot for Houston basically. It was very packed and I liked that, meaning it had to be good. I waited for most of party to arrive before asking to get seated we were already (4) and I had told the hostess 5 Incase the last person was able to make it, while waiting to get seated the hostess came over and told us our 5 person was here just went back to the car. She never showed up, We got seated and out waiter seemed bothered by taking our orders, I asked for a macchiato and he quickly responded, ""this isn't Starbucks, we don't have macchiatos here"" ... well ok then... we place our order and he's still acting bothered by us! We get our food pancakes and potatoes.. the food was good. As we are enjoying our meal and almost over with meeting and our food.. the manager comes over and tells us "" you can't get seated until your whole party arrives, next time you won't get seated until everyone is present"" umm.. that seemed kind of rude, considering she saw we were almost done eating, obviously the last person didn't show up. We were only there for 45 minutes, normal I supposed not long enough for the manager to come and say something unesassary making it seem we were hogging the table, and our waiter just stopped checking on us all together. Really unprofessional from their part. Needles to say I definitely won't be going back. I'm still trying to figure out why there were so packed, the food is good not great, and the service is horrible. It's good it you have a small party but embarrassing to host any kind of meeting there."
"Amazing food! Usually an hour or two wait out the door, but worth it if you've ""pregamed"" before hand. Small parking lot available but usually full because they are so busy."
"Great food, really good sized portion for the money you pay. They have a variety of sauces to choose from, which are all really good from what I have tasted so far. The one downside is the wait time. it did take us a bit long to get us seated. but other than that, nice cozy restaurant."
Let me say their breakfast food is by far one of the best !!! The French toast is a must ! Also the eggs Benedict! Also their pancakes ! I have tried a lot of different dishes and I have loved all of them. It is like you can't go wrong. The service is great. I only come in during weekdays. I tried coming in on a Sunday and the wait was two hours so... nope. Also expect parking to be a little difficult but very worth it at the end !!! We have gotten lucky on Tuesday and parked right in the front.
"Curbside VIP parking , 2 seats at the bar available when you walk in to the most crazy breakfast spot in Houston, and having the sweetest waitress made our Snooze experience perfection!

May was our waitress and super knowledgeable about the menu and personable! We split the benny duo with the chile Verde (added Barbacoa on top per May's recommendation) and the benny goodman. Both were amazing! Side of bacon is a must! And my most favorite thing... drumroll please... OMG French toast! The name was obvious after the first bite- definitely the best I've ever had! 

They serve Boomtown coffee -- delish! Unfortunately didn't have any of the craft cocktails/coffees because we ate at 9 am on a Sunday. Probably the best time to come for food to avoid longer wait times. 

Can't wait to come back! So happy we finally got to try Snooze!"
The food is great. The service was slow but it was incredibly busy.
"FAVORITE brunch place. It's always so packed whenever I go but honestly the wait is worth it at the end. I think the longest I've waited was about an hour and a half. If you decide to go, go earlier in the morning. Parking is small so you have to find neighborhood parking or street parking.
I always get the egg benedict and there's a mix and match option for you to choose two kinds in case you can't decide which ones (called the benny duo). I highly highly recommend the chilaquiles benny! The pancakes are also amazing. Very big so you can share them too.
10/10 recommend this place!"
Amazing soy-Rizo!!! Best in the city. If you're vegan and can wait about 1.5-3 hours lol it's worth the wait!
"1'15"" wait for us on a Saturday morning. No prob, put your name/number down and go down a couple blocks for siphon coffee while you wait. You'll get a text when you're ready to be seated. Win win.

The service was great and food was outstanding. We ordered various dishes and each one was thoroughly enjoyed. I had the barbacoa chile verde eggs benedict and the frittata. Both were delicious, but if I had to pick, I'd go with the frittata since it is lighter on the palate and stomach. 

The place is child-friendly, but I don't know how much they would enjoy the dishes, save for the simple things like pancakes and waffles. I would suggest sitting farther back in the restaurant if you want to avoid the bar/liquor views.

Thank you Houston, it was a brief but a nice visit."
Been to every one in the city and they are simply amazing my favorite breakfast slot you have to try the blueberry danish pancake and pineapple upside down pancake!! The mimosa are to die for strong af every last one my fav is the rummosa!!!! Juan tacos are my hubby fav get there ASAP
"Had the Benny Duo, which was excellent. Only reason not 5 stars is the wait time, with the bus time and seating a new party was longer than should need to be. More than 15 minutes at several tables. We were told 1-1/2 to 1-3/4 hour wait, and were seated in 1-1/4 hours, which gave us plenty of time to observe turnover."
"Breakfast: Any diner, USA
Breakfast with fancy buzzwords and a hip clientele: Snooze

Don't get me wrong. The kitchen puts out well executed plates, and the wait staff can handle the relentless crowd. But do I really need to wait in line for this? No, the answer is no. There is food worth standing in line for; this is not it."
"Our office came here as a group brunch on a Wednesday morning.  The 9 of us arrived at abut 1015 and after a short wait (maybe 5-10 minutes) we were seated at a pair of booths back to back.  So I guess we were together, kinda... basically this place isn't suited for groups more than 6.  But okay, can't hold that against them.  What I can hold against them is that our food didn't arrive until almost an hour later!  It was about 1120 when our food started arriving and closer to 1130 by the time everyone had their food.  

The food itself is pretty good.  I tried two of the different eggs Benedict options.  The classic was really flavorful and the one with barbacoa was good but not great. The hashbrowns on the other hand were a bit of a let down.  While a nice sized portion they had little flavor.  I also opted to get a half order of french toast for an extra $5.  The French Toast was quite delicious and if I go back, I'll just go with that. 

The food for price ratio is pretty good, overall this place would be a 4 if the service was better and has the potential to be a 5 depending on what you order and the service you get."
"Things I learned today at Snooze (a Wednesday morning at 7:15am)

1. Don't come unless you've got at least an hour to eat.  The restaurant was at probably 40% capacity and it still took 40 minutes to get food on the table.  I ordered their special (eggs, chicken sausage, hash browns, toast), so nothing should have taken that long.

2.  Regardless of the way you're greeted by the people at the host station, they're supposed to seat you.  There were two employees at the entrance when I walked in.  One looked at me, said good morning, then went back to talking to the other.  Since the two customers in front of me had also just walked in without assistance, I figured that's what I was supposed to do.  In hindsight, this is probably what caused a lot of the service issues today.

3. The servers must all be new.  I ordered a chai off the drink menu on the table before I got a menu.  When I did get a menu, I ordered quickly.  The waiter left, then he came back to ask if I wanted butter or jelly for the toast.  I asked for butter. I was asked if I wanted it on the toast or on the side.  I said on the toast was fine.

4. 15 minutes later I was told that their espresso machine was messed up and my chai would be delayed.

5. Five minutes later my food came out of the kitchen.  I have no silverware, napkin, drink, or condiments, but the plate gets dropped off and the server is gone.  No butter on the toast or plate, but it's the only thing I can eat with no silverware.

6. Another five minutes until I see my waiter again.  I ask for water, silverware, and ketchup.  Since the chai still isn't there I ask that it be cancelled. I got an apology and an assurance that it will be cancelled.

7. Three more minutes for water and silverware, no ketchup. I ask for the check.

8. Three minutes later I get the check and the chai.  The waiter says he'll take care of the chai.  I leave my credit card with the check while I wolf down my food.  The chicken sausage was really good.  Everything was good or better, but I had to inhale it so it wasn't enjoyable.

9. Another employee grabs my check and runs to the front.  Looks like I'm paying for the chai anyway.  I thought about trying to get a to-go cup, but I couldn't wait another ten minutes or more.  

UPDATE : Snooze asked me to come back, and I had the exact opposite experience.  I was greeted, seated, had silverware and a drink very quickly, and the food was excellent."
"I have eaten at the Snooze in Denver and was thoroughly impressed.  When I saw one was opening in Houston I became excited.  The blueberry danish pancakes are my go to.  The flavor combination of the blueberries, lemon and streusel is spot on.  Service is always great.  Everyone is super friendly and they check on you periodically.  The ONLY downfall to this location, the parking.  The lot is small and parking on the side streets is a tasks since blocking driveways is not cool."
"Tried this on a trip to Houston, looking for brunch before we headed to the classic tourist spots, let me just say it was amazing! There's is a wait, but it is well worth it. I will definitely be back!"
Breakfast pot pie with an over easy egg was perfect. They have healthy sides like arugula salad if you don't want hashbrowns. Good bacon. Only downside is that it's always packed and there will be a 45 min + wait. So drop by to get your name on the list and they will text you.
The food was amazing. Even the grape jelly was good lol. Definitely will come back. The wait was long but worth it for some great food.
"Service was good, but food wasn't. I was given a $20 gift card, because of a bad experience I had at the Town & Country location. Ordered the french toast which was cold and tasteless. Also ordered the hashbrowns which were also cold and tasteless. Syrup for the french toast was cold too. I prefer slightly warm syrup. My date had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. Thank goodness the soup was hot, because he was able to warm up his cold grilled cheese by dipping it in the soup. :-/"
Shrimp and grits were delicious and filling. We got some pancakes on the house. Love this place! The wait to get in was about an hour.
"Went here on a Friday, and luckily avoided the wait by being willing to eat outside (it was about 60 degrees, so it was a pleasant day). We were impressed by everything we ordered. I got vegetarian eggs Benedict (have never found a vegetarian version of this! So I'm excited to order it!) and a chocolate pancake, which was heavenly. I also appreciated that they let you drink some coffee for free while you wait for a table, which would definitely make the wait easier. Nearly everyone there was a millennial, but I am too, so I can't complain :)"
"Outstanding breakfast /brunch menu and the food is very well prepared!  Good service, but parking can be tricky and be prepared to wait for a few minutes for a table. Definitely a go to place!"
"THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!!!! I got Juan's breakfast tacos... holy crap. So GOOD. Everything was fresh, tasted excellent and looked just as great. Super cute and trendy spot. Everyone was super kind and helpful and efficient. If you are between this spot and somewhere closer or with better pictures or something.... trust me, go to Snooze. It's amazing. So many interesting choices and you can add or take away ingredients. Our waiter was super cool too. My husband (pictured slaying bacon) and I are in town for the day and took our time choosing a place to eat breakfast and we went with our gut.... we were right. Thanks Snooze!"
"Guys. Go here. It is the best thing you can do for yourself. I came on a Tuesday around 12:30 with a party of 6 and there was no wait. My friend and I split a benny duo and pancake flight, sooo good! The benedict I picked was the one with salmon and it was so rich and delicious. But I really don't think you can go wrong as all my friends got different things and loved it. We were all so stuffed, it's a great deal. Seriously, bring yourself here on a weekday to avoid the lines and enjoy this awesome place!"
"The food is delicious and all, but only if you have a spare hour to wait for the table. Definitely a memorable experience, for all the patient Houstonians, which I do not belong to."
"This restaurant was the final stop for my friends and I before flying out of Houston back to Philadelphia. We wanted to get some brunch and decided to come here based on previous yelp reviews and distance from our hotel. We had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated because the restaurant was packed, but I like the system they use of texting you when your table is ready. Our server was attentive, especially considering how busy it was in there. I ordered a decaf cappuccino with almond milk and the Bella Bella Benny. I've never had eggs Benedict like that before, and it may be hard for me to have it any other way. The eggs were perfectly poached with hollandaise sauce and a balsamic drizzle. Rather than the typical English muffin, the eggs were on toaster ciabatta, and a hash brown patty was on the side. Delicious! My friends also tried the juevos rancheros and the lemon poppyseed pancake. We all raves about how good the food was, and it was the perfect brunch place for our last day in Houston."
The food and service were good. I got orange use and you could tell it was fresh. The environment is great and so are the people.
Wait is way too long. Ran out of pancake of the day so had to order another flavor. They forgot to bring my sausage on pretzel bun and had to bring it to go. This was at the Town & Country location NOT Montrose.
One of my favorite breakfast places food is always fresh and tasty. You may choose to drink healthy or have the tradition breakfast fare or spiked. The service is always friendly and prompt. The outdoor seating is a nice option when you want to have more conversation less music. Also nice when it cools down. Like the fact that almost any dish can be vegetarian. Kids is good too as one is usually limited to one type of pancake etc not here. Overall a really nice vibe and place to brunch considering it's a chain it still hasn't lost its unique appeal
"Their pancake flights are great, but the wait isn't necessarily worth it. I haven't had the best service here (long wait and then my order was incorrect when it arrived), and I am not a big fan of the coffee. But if you like pancakes, they have a great selection with unique toppings!"
"Today I gave Snooze another try, and I'm so glad that I did. I ordered the B.E.A.T. sandwich w/avocado. The avocado wasn't put in the sandwich, but it was an easy fix.  Everything was quite delicious, and the service was great."
"Not worth the hype. The wait on the weekends easily crests past an hour, which is completely unnecessary for the quality of the food. I've been a few times and have had it served on the colder side more than once. As for positives, the taste is great and the menu is very solid. The interior is hit or miss, depending on your personal preferences. Parking is definitely a pain. I'd highly recommend hitting this place up on a weekday if you have one off because the wait is far more reasonable."
You have to get here early to get a table but it's totally worth it. The eggs Benedict variations are all so good!
My 3rd time here the service is great food served hot and always tasty have a great variety and vegan options as well as both alcoholic and non alcohol drinks which is always nice option.  Definitely a great option for breakfast.
"This is an email i sent to customer service at Favor delivery.  I will post here verbatim.  
  
""This order was probably the single worst experience I've ever had with Favor.  You can see from my patronage, and my usual remarks, that I don't say this lightly.  Even after I spoke with my driver on the phone going over the order, the hash browns came completely undone (ordered extra crispy), 'sandwich I am' was nothing but soyrizo!!  That's right, the rest of the sandwich was not there!!  The hot chocolate was small instead of large, and I got another cold lump of potatoes (?) that I didn't order, came packed with the grill cheese sand.  The thing is, I've ordered this same breakfast twice before and there were no problems anywhere near this.  This ain't right man, this ain't right.""  
  
for the record the last time i ordered 'sandwhich i am' subbed with soyrizo the driver told me that the cook said they ""ran out of soyrizo"".  given the context of everything i have experienced, i simply find that hard to believe anymore.  
    
    
EDIT:  I am a little too slow to post this but i just realized now that i never followed up, and that aint right!  the good folks at snooze more than made up for the mistake.  they comped me a free one, and got the order perfect.  it was delicious!  i asked them about the possibility of running out of soyrizo, and evidently, it CAN happen because they get their stock in every day.  given that this is one of the few places you can get a vegan breakfast ... aaaand ... yes, it is possible to run out of soyrizo!"
Snooze is very good food...no complaints other than it's too popular...haha! My third time eating here...most likely I will be back...
"This place was worth the wait! We ordered the The Breakfast Pot Pie, Corned Beef Haag and Snooze Breakfast Burrito, plus the secret Cinnamon Roll Pancake (not on the menu). Big portions and super tasty! We still had food left over! Our server, John was kind and attentive and funny. Definitely will be back!!"
Came here ordered chicken sausage and eggs and hash browns all of it was cold when I had to wait 20 minutes for it to come out worst experience never will come back
Best breakfast joint around! I love that they provide free coffee to customers waiting for a table! I highly recommend and their blue berry pancakes are delectable
"Would give it a 5 star for food but this place takes way too long. I understand the wait time to sit, but it takes just as long to get your food after you order. Don't come here if you are already hungry. And they also got my order wrong."
I will have to say that this may not be a fair review because I'm comparing this Snooze to the one in Austin.  After visiting Austin and trying the Snooze there a group of friends and I decided to try this one in Houston.  We were very disappointed.  The wait was unnecessarily long.  We literally saw a few tables open for up to 10 minutes without anyone being seated.  When I asked management about why the tables were open he said that people are given 7-10 minutes to claim their tables.  The drinks were weak and the food didn't taste as good.  Won't be back unless they bring trainers in from Austin to shape up the place.
"Definitely worth the hype! We got the corned beef hash, breakfast pot pie and pancake flight ( cinnamon roll, blueberry danish, pineapple upside down) our favorite was blueberry bc it was well balanced between cream cheese, tart, and not too sweet. The cinnamon roll was a little too sweet. 

Will come again and get the breakfast pie for sure!"
"Great new breakfast spot in Montrose! I've come here twice now and I would definitely recommend it for breakfast/brunch. Came here opening weekend and the line was out the door. At 12pm on a Sunday we were told it would be a 1.5-2 hour wait and we waited an hour and 40 minutes before we were seated. Luckily they take down your cell phone number and text you when your table is available so feel free to walk around, grab a drink at their bar, or play one of their outdoor games while you're waiting. The only reason I agreed to wait that long (I HATE waiting) is because I live in the neighborhood so I went home to wait and just sped over there once they texted me- otherwise, I don't think this place is worth a 2 hour wait. The other time I came here was on a weekday at 11am and I only waited 20 minutes for a table.

They have a small private parking lot but if that's full, there is plenty of street parking in the surrounding neighborhood. The restaurant is filled with plenty of booths, which is great for groups, plus they have outdoor seating and a counter/bar area with stools you can snag a seat to eat at without a reservation. 

Once seated, service was quick and attentive and the wait staff is very friendly and great with recommendations and questions about the menu. 

The first time I went I ordered Havana Daydreaming which is pork, ham, and gruyere cheese on an open faced bun topped with a sunny side up egg- YUM!! It was delicious!! And the second time I ordered the BEAT sandwich- bacon, egg, arugula, and tomato topped with avocado. The BEAT sandwich was ok, I wouldn't get it again- the bacon was too overcooked in my opinion and thin. The real winning dishes of this place is the Sweet Utopia section of their menu. I am not a fan of sweets but luckily the people I came with were and so was I able to sample the sweet potato pancakes, OMG french toast, and the drunk'n monkey french toast and they were all aaahhmazzing!!! I looooved the OMG french toast. 

Also, they have a quirky selection of hot sauce so if you're a fan of spicy food definitely try out the Yellowbird serrano sauce- it has an awesome kick to it!! I recommend putting this on the hash browns.

I definitely will be back to sample the rest of their menu but I'm going to wait until the hype dies down or come early on a weekday."
The Bella Bella eggs Benedict are my favorite thing here! Not too impressed with the drinks.  I always sit at the bar and the same lady always takes care of me and does a great job.  Love this place.
Been here several times now and haven't been disappointed yet. I bring a new person with me each time and everyone has thoroughly enjoyed it. Usually a wait but well worth it.
First time here after a long call night.  Ambiance is great for med center community but to me the food is meh okay.  It's definitely not worth of how pricey it is but I was happy to pay just for the vibe :)
"The wait was really long which we expected. But the service wasn't great the food was very mediocre and worst of all, not even hot!"
I love breakfast foods but wait is ridiculous and seems due in part to needing more staff to bus tables faster as there were some open tables while we were waiting. And parking is extremely challenging. Got a seat at bar and bartender was very attentive. Mimosa was pretty watered down. Upside down pineapple pancake was great.  A single was enough to share. Avocado toast was ok. Bread was not awesome. Will likely go back to sample more pancakes. Other entrees being passed looked appealing too.
Best breakfast in town! Only downfall is its always insanely packed. If you want to dine in you will have to wait at least an hour. I even went at an off hour and there was still an hour and a half wait.
"Totally lives up to the hype.  Great food, wonderful staff.  Be sure to try the pancake flight."
"Fantastic place for breakfast! The food is quality and they have a good variety of pancakes and other breakfast items. The line is usually long, so I recommend coming here during a weekday. I recommend ordering one of their pancake dishes. The restaurant is bright inside and retro looking!"
"Tried this place for the first time the other day after hearing so much about it! I'm not sure if this place is always super busy but we waited about 45 minutes to be seated. Really cute place that offers a variety of different breakfast items until 2:30 pm. I'm a huge brunch person and I'm glad this place offers that, not just on weekends (huge plus). I tried the pineapple upside down pancakes,bacon, hash browns, and of course what's brunch without mimosas!? The food was good and the mimosa was pretty strong I got pineapple & oj (waiters recommendation) and it was pretty good. The food is fairly price and decently proportioned. 

However, the only reason I give it 3 stars is because the service wasn't that great. Our waiter which I can't remember his name literally took our order and didn't come back to check on us until we were pretty much finished our meal. He didn't bring our food out or even check back to make sure everything was accurate. The two times that we did see the waiter he gave us some excuse as to why he was gone for so long; something about being caught up in a convo with another table or some crap. 

All and all I'll def be back to try some of the other menu items that caught my eye like the sweet potato pancakes!!"
Expect to wait an hour during peak times.. small restaurant with minimum seating for those waiting to be seated. Oh and parking is terrible ! I ran into Kevin Johnson (Houston Texans player) and apparently he is a regular here! Tons of yummy food on menu but I went with OMG French toast. It was delicious. Will return during a non weekend day :)
Yummy food. I wish the wait wouldn't be so long most of the time but that's the price to pay to eat here! If you can come early (before 8am on weekend and 10am on weekdays) the wait isn't so bad but parking will still be a pain.
"Great place for brunch. The wait was long and we were aware of it, thank goodness there were seats at the bar so we didn't have to wait 45 minutes to 1 hr for a table. 

Food was great. The mimosas were good. Definitely worth the wait."
"1 hr 10 min to get seated, 1 hr before the good came out.  Don't go here if you are hungry.   Eat before you go or bring a snack"
"We are repeat Snooze customers! The wait time is always long, but the food and the service are great! The only place you can get a better breakfast is your mom's or grandma's kitchen."
"Just wanted to try the place. Went twice but left the first time bc of the line. The food was nothing spectacular, but I love brunch so am always up for trying a new place out."
"We came to snooze for breakfast this morning.  I don't know if our name was lost on the wait list for a table but our 45min- 1 hr wait has yet to be called.  At 1 hr 20 we left, luckily because it's been 2 1/2 hours and we still haven't been texted that our table is ready.  I checked with the hostess at 52 min and she said there were a handful of people ahead of us but the girl that checked in right before me was walking out.  Not sure what happened!"
"Small but good. 

I don't get to eat breakfast out often but when I do, I'm expecting some good eats. This place delivered.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 5/5 star review is because of the size of the restaurant and the lack of parking. 

I recommend allowing at least a 30 minute wait before being seated. The line moves fairly fast but they don't rush customers which is great. There are a few seats on an outdoor patio but most of the seats are inside. Parking is tough. Be prepared to park on a side street and walk 

Food is yummy. I ordered the breakfast pot pie and the first bite was scrumptious. It contained all the ingredients of a traditional pot pie but with a breakfast flare due to the egg. I got mine over medium which was perfect.  

On a future visit, I'd like to try one of their adult breakfast beverages with my meal. They offer mimosas and a whole, lot more."
Food & service ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!...we had a large party greater than 10 people and they accommodated every request.  I am especially grateful for India and Hannah for delivering our food to the table quickly and EXACTLY as ordered.  If its your first time you will NOT be disappointed!
I loved the vibe here! Food was great and service was as good as it was going to get on a Sunday afternoon!
"I am in LOVE with this place! A friend and I had lunch there and everything was perfect! Love the diner feel when you walk in. It's a self sustained establishment so everything is recycled, paper straws (you must ask for one), food is composted etc etc. We had the most adorable server...shout out to Gabriel! We love you! But before I give him all the praises on the awesome recommendations I need to tell you what we ordered! It was super hard to decide what to get! Benedict? Coffee? Mimosas? Pancakes!? We finally decided on the Shrimp & Grits and my friend ordered a Barbacoa eggs Benedict which was also amazing! But we actually got to sample the pineapple pancakes with chocolate butter and Wowzers! Those were off the chain! To top it off I ordered a Chai coffee rum drink and Gabriel warned me it would have a kick to it. I had to sip it slow! Lol I will be back to try more stuff off the menu like the pretzel bread sandwich and Cubano YUM!!! It's much different than the one in Orange County. All local grown stuff and local farmer supported. Snooze rocks wherever you go!"
"Stopped in on a Friday morning and parking was non existent. I ended up parking a few blocks away then a minimal wait inside. I had the Snooze Classic, it was a decent breakfest, but not really worth the hassle of the parking and wait time. Service was lacking as there was another wait to get service at the table, and then when I did recieve my food they left the bacon off my plate. Although they did quickly remedy the issue, it was yet another inconvience. 

Overall the food was good, but I won't be going through the inconviences of coming back anytime soon."
"Amazing!!! I ordered the ""famous"" sweet potatoe pancakes, hash brown and an order of soyrizo(vegetarian chorizo). My only complaint was that the soyrizo was too salty, but I guess thats expected with most meat substitutes. Expect to wait and expect to park down the street. The wait is long because the food is just that good."
"This place' s food is the bomb. There is usually a wait of some kind, I think the longest I've had to wait may have been like 45 minutes (I'm guessing). Food came out in what id consider a decent time considering they stay packed. If you don't care for tight spaces this may not be best for you, but otherwise I really like the place."
Long wait since it's the new hype but they do have good breakfast food. I had the pick-two Benny dish and hubby had corned beef hash. Try the yellowbird hot sauce for a nice kick. Friendly and knowledgable waitstaff. Parking was kinda difficult but we got lucky and found a good spot in front.
"Snooze is a guilty pleasure. I only go for brunch on Fridays, and there is still a wait! Just understand thete will be a wait, once You accept it than you will be fine. Staff is always friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. Parking can also be a bit of a drag, but I've lucked out each time so it hasn't been too bad. I've ordered the snooze classic and the Bella! Bella! Benny. The eggs are cooked perfectly, bacon is tasty. If you come to snooze you have to order the pancakes. I order a regular old pancake...they are anything but regular. Pancakes at snooze are yummy. My friend ordered the pancake flight, pineapple upside down, sweet potato, and pancake of the day which was Smores. I always order the cold brew, it is so delicious. I've ordered cold brew from other restaraunts and get annoyed because it does not taste like Snooze's cold brew. Overall you will wait, but they serve coffee in the front while you wait or you can play a game outside...the food is worth the wait."
I really enjoy the atmosphere it was very vibrant!! The food was delicious I got full way before my time and the drinks were off the scale love it mimosas!!!!
"One of my favorite brunch places in Houston! I love it all. Despite the 1+ hours wait, it is always worth it. When seeing the parking lot, I cannot get zoolander's voice out of my head (what is this, a parking lot for ANTS?) but I'll forgive you Snooze for your tasty food and friendly service. It's not your fault you are so popular, I guess. I always find street parking a couple blocks down so no worries.

My go-to order has always been pancake flight and the benny duo. Indecisive girl's heaven. This is perfect amount of food to split between 2 people! 

Pancakes are so fluffy and flavorful. My favorite one so far has been the peach cobbler (it was a special- please bring it back!) as well as the sweet potato pancake. My boyfriend's favorite is the blueberry pancake. Although the pineapple upside down pancake is a crowd favorite, I took a bite of my friend's and we both thought it was just okay. 

My favorite benedict is the Chile Verde benny. The pulled pork with the sauce and runny yolk is delicious. I think I am ready to commit for a full plate instead of doing the benny duo- that's how good it is! 

My friend ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it was also very good! The mimosas are great, and my friend who ordered the bloody mary said it was just OK. I'm not a big fan of bloody marys so pass!

All in all, I love eating at Snooze. I'd love to go on a non-weekend though because these waits can get very long. However, there are many cafes nearby where you can hang out at while you wait!"
I liked very this restaurant very much! Snooze Eatery has very tasty and beautifully decorated dishes; the staff is very fast and attentive to all the clients.
"Awesome find!!!  Cool ""Jetson's"" vibe, great coffee bartender and delicious French toast and chorizo tacos.  Coffees were decent.  Hope they build in DFW soon..."
"I wanted to try this place because of all the raving reviews. My family and I came here for Sunday brunch, wait time was almost 40 minutes. I had the shrimp and grits which was ok, I've had better. My sister ordered the French toast was fine however the caramel was a little bitter. I don't understand the hype about this place, definitely not worth the wait."
"If Snooze wasn't always so damn crowded every weekend, I would be coming here every Saturday! Not only is the food great, it's affordable too! I had the OMG French toast, and it definitely lived to its name! I definitely felt like I inhaled my meal (because it was that good!), compared to my partner, where it looks like he barely made a dent."
"I give the food an A+, but the service only a C+. My husband ordered the breakfast sandwich, with egg and sausage. I ordered the ginger pancakes. Both meals were very good, and the portions are huge. However the service was lacking. At one point I went to the bathroom and saw our waiter looking at his paycheck with another employee, and talking about their hours/pay. However our waters and my coffee had been empty for quite a while. We finally just grabbed another waiter to help us. I would visit again, as some other servers seemed more on top of things at their tables, and the food was amazing!"
"Benny goodman (0/5): disgusting. Drenched with mayo/chipotle aioli or whatever they are calling it. 

Pot pie (3/5): decent. A good hearty option. 

Omg! French toast (5/5): The best thing was the Omg! French toast. Which is something you can easily make at home. 

Hot chocolate(2/5): disappointing 

Service was great!"
"Great brunch & cocktails. I love the strawberry margarita it's fruity w/ the right amount of tequila. I came here before heading to the airport & the staff were very nice & outgoing. They even brought out a bowl of straw berries for my 6month old who kept reaching for my margarita. I ordered the cornedbeef hash & it was the best I had so far. The corned beef was extremely tender & juicy & the potatoes were nice & soft on the inside & crunch on the outside. My only complaint was that my scrambled eggs with cheese which were very bland & literally had 3 sheds of cheese on them , the cheese wasn't really melted & my food wasn't hot despite the extended wait. I'd still come back next time I visit Houston tho."
"Brace yourselves this one will be long!

Atmosphere:
Very welcoming, upbeat, friendly, casual and not to forget the great playlist! The staff were very nice, attentive and pretty fast paced. The decor inside gives a Jetsons kind of vibe, very cool.

Food:
AMAZING!! Nothing negative to say about it. I had the I Like You E'lote dish it was Quinoa cakes with some amazing chili lime sauce(I forgot the other one ) & my 2 friends both had the breakfast burritos. 

We had a little issue with one of my friends food. She ordered Shrimp & Grits (which is a pretty popular dish) we aren't sure what happened but she ended up with the wrong order. They apologized and 15-20 mins later she got her shrimp & grits. The shrimp was rubbery and way too cooked, very hard to chew and swallow BUT we knew it was probably a bad little batch because it's a very popular and highly recommended dish. No biggie. It was sent back  and exchanged for the breakfast burrito. This was not a deal breaker things happen. The service, people, and overall vibe overshadows this small bump. Her food was comp'd which was also a great gesture and very thoughtful.

Wait Time:
The wait time was as predicted, an hr & change and to some that might be too much. You can mingle and have drinks so it didn't feel long at all! For it being the peak of brunch hours this was extremely reasonable, we went to 2 other spots before this one and the wait was 2hrs+! Someone told us the trick is to go a little closer to their closing time to avoid the wait lol 

The general manager CHRIS was an absolute sweetheart. We knew as soon as we saw him that he ran the place. Such genuine interest in the business and his job. Even if the food were to be bad we would come back just because of the service! Thank you Chris for showing such love in what you do!

I live in Dallas but this will be my go to for sure whenever I come to Houston. Stop by if you're ever in the area!"
"I have been to snooze dozens of times in AZ and CO, never have I had bad service and the food is always great. Since the houston location opened I've made it in a few times, each time we have received terrible service..or no service at all. 

 Yesterday, we came in with a party of 3. We were quoted 1 1/2 hr. So two of us went to attempt to get drinks at the bar. This has never been a good idea. Each time we have sat at the bar we get served by two red head females who are very rude and short. Orders have always been wrong and it takes well over 20 mins to even put an order in when sitting infront of them. It seems as if they don't feel obligated to serve anyone and purposely move as slow as possible so that they don't have to work as hard..or just plain rude and stupid. Back to yesterday, we waited around the bar for 40 minutes desperately trying to get someone's attention so that we could order beverages during our long wait. Not one time did anyone acknowledge us or anyone else trying to get their attention. After 40 minutes of the two red head bartenders ignoring us and moving slower than any syrup they serve, a barback came over and took our order. Closed us out but only brought back 1 of 3 drinks. We said forget it and went back outside to wait. Once the 90 min time frame was over we asked how much longer. The hostess told us 20 more mins. We waited the 20 mins. No luck. We went inside to ask and we were then told 30-40 more minutes. Really? People who came after us had ate and left all in the time we were still waiting. They said parties of two were getting bumped up but I continued to watch parties of 4 be seated that were on the list after us. Why? I asked. No explanation. We asked for a manager. Emily came out, I told her from the beginning about the terrible bar service and not being able to even get a drink. Emily then went to get the GM Chris. Who was not helpful at all, had no explanation as to why his staff behind the bar wouldn't help us other than there was only two of them. I never saw Chris or Emily walking the floor for the entire time we had been waiting. So if they were short staffed, why were they not helping? Also, after telling Chris and Emily we weren't able to get drinks they never even offered to help us get their attention again or help us out in an order. Chris continued to say ""ok."" After everything we told him that occurred along with other similar experiences. It was clear he could careless about keeping guest. Really dry and bland staff as a whole. The GM Chris is just as bad as his mute, slow, unfriendly and worthless bartenders. Be prepared to wait. Try getting a drink at the bar so you can see how big of a joke this place is."
"We saw a long line in the weekend, so tried it on a workday lunch, the food tasted good, decor also nice, it's a good place for all age groups, we ordered the Benedict and pancake, finished all"
"I absolutely LOVE this place! Great customer service, polite folks, and great food? What more could I ask for! I always get the OMG French Toast and the Benny Goodman, both of which are and delicious. Anytime family or friends come to visit Houston, i make it a point to take them to brunch here. It's super packed during the weekends, so on a day off I'll come here on the weekdays and just wait 15 minutes as opposed to 1.5 hours, but either way the wait is totally worth it. I normally go peruse books at half price books across the street while I wait. I especially like it because all of the staff are very warm, kind, and understanding. They try to be as accommodating as possible. I can't say enough great things about this place. Totally worth it!"
"Wonderful food! The wait time can be awful, but they try to make it better. Food is delicious and they could handle doubling the size of the restaurant. We go back again and again!"
"The wait was not very long to get seated, granted it was a Monday...but there was a steady flow of people. Our waiter, Darius did a wonderful job mixing some perfect juice drinks for us, and the food so worth it!! I ordered the plain blueberry pancake and it was plenty. My mom ordered egg tacos (Juan's - can't remember the whole name) and they were incredible. Amazing service and atmosphere, sad I didn't try the coffee, but I will next time!!"
1sttime visit.  NOT great.  I ordered an egg white frittata and an English muffin.  No taste and cold eggs.  English muffin was not toasted.  Coffee was TERRIBLE.  Wait staff was average.  Definitely would NOT recommend!!!
"2.5 stars tldr; head the warning about the wait times, but if you're willing to wait the food is as good as everyone claims

I did not head the warnings of the wait times enough.  My suggestion is to put your name down for a table (they don't take reservations ahead of time), walk around the corner to the Blacksmith Cafe for pre-brunch/coffee/biscuits, or just anywhere else in the general area, while you wait for Snooze to text you that your table is ready.  They let people wait inside and by the bar, but there are so many people waiting there's no room; I waited in line at the bar and never got to the front; they have a small space outside with games as well, but I couldn't bear it in the Houston heat.
Another suggestion is to get a side of rocks with your mimosas, or other drinks - ours ended up at the table close to room temperature.  The food itself, as well as the drinks even at room temperature, was seriously delicious and lived up to the hype, and while its probably worth a wait, it was not exactly worth my wait on a weekend - an hour and a half before being seated, and another hour after that before we got our food.  The staff was pleasant, despite the amount of customers they had to serve, and apologetic about the wait for the food."
"THIS IS 1 OF MY NEW BREAKFAST JOINTS!! Jackson was super gracious, knowledgeable and attentive! I ordered a hot chai latte with easy cinnamon sub coconut milk. Then I ordered the snooze burrito, side order of hasbrowns and it was DELICIOUS! I'm soooooooo happy the portion of the burrito wasn't light because I'm all about huge portions."
This is a real snooze of a place. Too many good breakfast places to eat in Houston. Don't need Denver company with subpar food.
The food was good and I really enjoyed the poached eggs that I got. The pancakes were giant but really good. The only downside is the wait was Sooooo long.
Must go place for brunch. Try and get here early because you will wait but the food is worth it. We got the shrimp and grits and a flight of pancakes and we were not disappointed. Pancakes were light and fluffy and super tasty. Grits were creamy and so delicious. Also like that you can put your name on the wait list and they will send you a text when your table is ready.
"I had been trying to get into Snooze forever when my sister and I decided to just stick out the wait - and wow was it worth it. They even have corn in the hole outside to help you pass the time, as well as outdoor seating for those longer wait times.

We are very indecisive brunchers, which is why Snooze's duo and combo options are so appealing. We went sweet and savory with the Benny duo (two styles of eggs benedict - Benny Goodman lox and cream cheese and Green eggs benedict), and the Pancake Flight (3 pancakes: sweet potato, blueberry Danish, and key lime). We also both got the Snooze Hot chocolate and a chai.

All of the options were incredible, and I love that we got to make our own little sampler. The staff was very friendly and helpful as well. Will definitely be back!"
"I became a big Snooze fan in Denver when they first started. I'd waited for an hour at the Union Station location for the pancake flight. Now that Snooze is also in Austin and Houston, I carry on this tradition to have a brunch once in a while on weekends. My favorites has always been pancake flight( blueberry danish is the best), smoked salmon Benedict, and egg omelette. The beloved OMG French toast was a bit too sweet for me but still in love with it."
"The hottest new brunch spot in Houston! I've been the location in Denver and was so excited to hear there was one opening up in Houston!
Service: very friendly waiters and hostess, always dancing or have a smile on their face.. Makes you want to dance and smile along with them! We made reservation for this soft opening for 11am, and got seating by 11:25am. The place was packed and they haven't even officially open yet! 
Ambiance: so colorful with great bright colors to wake you up and get excited for the amazing brunch. More hidden seating in the back room which you don't initially see once walking in. There are seats at the bar and also circle booths in the main room. 
The OMG! French Toast and breakfast pot pie is a must try!! The pretzel bun on the breakfast sandwich was so soft and fluffy. Everything was delicious and just like how it was in Denver. 
This soft opening was to celebrate with their partner Heroes for Children. All the food and non-alcoholic drinks (grapefruit juice was very refreshing) were all complimentary. I of course, tip the friendly waitress and donated to the important cause! 
I will definitely be back to try the pancake flight! Their special banana pudding pancake (not pictured) batter was to die for. 
Tomorrow is their official grand opening and I just know this place will be packed all weekend and the weekends to come!"
"When I say I am recruiting people to come here, if you ask me where I want to go for breakfast I am most likely going to say here!! I save my cheat days just for Snooze! I get the Juan's tacos and omg it's soooo good, I make No substitutions and it's good EVERYTIME! Now the best thing there is the cinnamon roll pancake, it's is not on the menu but order it! I promise you it is worth every bite! I dance every time I put some in my mouth, the CINNAMON ROLL PANCAKE! DO IT! IT IS SO WORTH IT!! We usually go Sunday after church and usually it's a wait, sometime even an hour wait but trust me on this, it's worth the wait."
"I was so excited that Snooze opened in Houston.  Every time I am in Denver I would make time to visit one. Everyone enjoyed their food and the service was great.  Beware -the parking is just awful, even on a Wednesday morning at 8:30 a.m."
"I had 'The Snooze Classic' when I went to Snooze and it was just okay. I didn't think it was anything too special and the wait for the meal to arrive was far too long, about 30 minutes. I had come a few times during the weekend and the wait was somewhere around a 2 hour wait. I finally came during a week day and was seated within 40 minutes. Overall, I don't think Snooze lived up to the hype and I don't think I will be coming back .

Food: 3
Ambiance: 3 (quite small, not waiting area. It was quite cramped waiting at the front by the door)
Service: 3.5 (Meal took a long time to arrive and no one check up to refill our waters)"
"This is by far the best breakfast place in Houston. I was able to visit for the soft opening and then after opening. Their food is phenomenal, the service is efficient."
"Awesome food!  Cool atmosphere. Nice servers. And did I mention awesome food?!  For folks with gluten allergies like me, it's a true joy to find a place that accommodates my allergies and they did. The gluten free blueberry pancakes were to DIE FOR!  And everything I've had here is fantastic. Highly recommend. And great drinks too!  This will quickly become your favorite breakfast / brunch spot!"
"Great brunch on a Tuesday! Love places that serve brunch all week.! We had ham Benedict lll , French toast Neat and a breakfast pot pie, it was all wonderful! We also very much enjoyed Teresa the barista...thank you!!"
"Went to try out Snooze in their new Galleria location.   The hostess...with that attitude hostesses can get when a busy new restaurant opens...tells us it's a 45 minute to an hour wait.  Which was fine, except that there were 8 empty table on the patio.  We asked about them and she came up with some non-sensical explanation.  We left with no intention of returning."
"I would give 5 stars because the food and service is absolutely wonderful.  The parking and the 2 hour wait was not so wonderful. Nonetheless, I absolutely recommend that you try this place. The secret menu item was brought to the table and it was to die for!! How awesome is that.....as you are waiting on your food a nice random complimentary surprise comes to the table. Great service and great food."
"Enjoyable spot, but not one that's worth a lengthy wait.  I liked they had a lot of fun stuff on the menu, like samoa cookie pancakes, but a few things were off.  The fun-looking hash brown ""disks"" could have been a lot more crispy.  My eggs came out over easy, not over medium as ordered.  A side of pulled pork came swimming in cooking juices, and while hot sauce was available, I was told there was no bbq sauce.  Iced coffee was good, but no refills were provided, unlike hot coffee which is bottomless.  Service was really good, but in the end, I was expecting something a bit better-executed than what we got."
"I get that this place is new and busy, but telling a customer the food will come when it comes is a bit ridiculous. 

After calling to hear that the wait was 15-20 minutes, I decided to bring our family there. When we arrived we were told it would be 20-30. The actual wait was 50 minutes. After being seated, the waitress took a while to come ask us what drinks we wanted. We ordered all our drinks and food right away. She said she put in the order first then brought our drinks. After about 30 minutes and my baby asking to eat several times, I asked how much longer it would be. This is where she told us it would come when it comes and that they opened at 630 so what did we expect? Not cool snooze.

My advice, if you venture here, eat before. IT took us almost two hours between the wait and the arrival of our food, so if you have small kids it might be too long of a wait as it was for our little ones. 

Food was decent, but I don't think worth the poor attitude and wait."
"Best brunch in Houston hands down. Get there early, the line will hit a solid hour and a half wait on a late Sunday brunch. Favs- upside pineapple pancake and a half order of the OMG French toast. For a single- Bartops are awesome, with a fabulous group that will take phenomenal care of you."
Food is great! It doesn't stand out from other amazing brunch places in the city. I would go again though.
"Friendly, clean but the food was just ok. The hash browns that were raved about were nothing special to me. Overall not bad but not great either."
"Snooze is just a quick jaunt from my house, so day after day as I walk my dog, walk over to Define, or drive past, I see the long line and think to myself: seriously? It cannot be worth it. I am happy to proven wrong as of this morning. It is worth it. (Caveat: we did not have to wait more than 2 minutes for a table so I can't speak to the 1.5+ wait times that we've been quoted on our two previous attempts to visit.) We arrived at 7:35 and there was no wait. By 7:41 we heard the hostess start quoting 15-20 minutes so 7:30 appears to be the sweet spot. 

The menu offers something for everyone with sweet or savory, light or heavy, etc.. I ordered the breakfast tacos with chorizo and avocado. I was a bit miffed that they charge $1.75 for avocado and I only got 20% of an avocado, but that was short lived. As soon as I took my first bite I was in breakfast taco heaven. Why isn't everyone putting hashbrowns in their breakfast tacos?! Genius. The plate was pretty big, I could only eat 1.5 of the 3 tacos. Small eaters could probably share. Also, the serrano hot sauce that came to our table was amazing. I am going to buy myself some and start putting it on everything. 
My husband got a ham benedict and polished the whole thing off with a smile before moving on to the rest of my tacos, so I think it's safe to say he liked it. 

Coffee was tasty and most importantly came in a big mug with free refills. 

Service was a bit slow but we weren't in a rush and the waitress was very friendly. Will definitely return.

Pro tip: seats at the counter are first come first served, so if you see one snag it."
"Great place! Loves their corned beef hash with eggs and my husband had their breakfast pot pie which was amazing too. 

Only downside - way too long of a wait! Went around 8:30am on a Saturday and waited about 40 minutes which is not bad compared to the avg 2-hour wait later in the morning."
"I love this place! The food and service and great, and the price is right. The only reason I gave it 4 star instead of 5 is because the wait is SO long."
"Quite perplexed by the crowds at this place. The first time we attempted to go, there was a wait time of 85 minutes on a Sunday so when we had an opportunity to go during the week at 2:00 pm we took advantage of it.There was no wait and there were no crowds. 

Our waiter brought me the wrong juice (I asked for cranberry and he brought me orange juice) and seemed very distracted. There were a lot of staff about moving items from the kitchen and stockroom as they were preparing to close though we weren't rushed.
 
The food was not great which is why I'm perplexed about its popularity. I had three pancakes: blueberry, peanut butter cup and chocolate chip. The only one that looked and tasted good was the blueberry. I would have been livid had I waited over an hour for that meal so at least I didn't have to wait. There was no whipped cream but instead globs of butter which I didn't want so I pushed them off and used the syrup instead. 

I also ordered a side of chicken sausage. It looked like a ground chicken patty and when I bit into it there were pieces of bone or beak that were crunchy. I complained and the waiter brought it to the manager (or I think she was the manager on duty) and she actually felt the hard crunchy pieces and came over to apologize.She told me they get them already prepared from a supplier and they would have to talk to their supplier. Needless to say they removed it from the bill. 

The parking lot is small and we had to wait for someone to leave to get a spot. I would say this is nothing special and is just a small breakfast place with underwhelming food.  I prefer The Egg and I which has a better and more extensive menu. My spouse did like his French toast but it was fancy French toast with marscapone cheese as they didn't have just regular French toast. 
Not worth the wait in my opinion and I won't be returning. Perhaps I ordered the wrong things but if a restaurant is good, there should be no wrong choices."
"OMG AMAZING. The pancake flight is terrific (the server let us substitute one pancake for French toast) and the pot pie is crazy good.. The prices are reasonable too! I did not order an alcoholic drink, but that is next on my list - they look great!"
"One of my girlfriends suggested this place for a Saturday brunch, and since it was already on my restaurant bucket list, I agreed.  I had heard there was a long wait there, and boy they weren't kidding.  We got there around 11, and there was an hour and a half wait.  Geez.  Well alrighty then.

Lucklly Half-priced books was around the corner, so we killed plenty of time there along with walking around the rather small farmer's market right near the entrance.

We still had a few minutes to kill when we got back from our trip, so we decided to order from the bar.  The pineapple mimosa I ordered was quite delicious and a good size too.  Unfortunately the line for the bar wasn't quite clear, as there were several people waiting, but we made it through.

By the time our drinks were ready, our table was ready.  The menu is rather large, with an emphasis on pancakes and variations of eggs benedicts.  I settled on the pot pie with my hash browns extra crispy, as it is one of their unique signature items.

I felt like the pot pie filling was good, but there was not enough of the chicken or filling.  I was left with some dry puff pastry at the end of the meal.  The hash browns were cooked perfectly!  The service was rather mediocre, with the waitress taking a long time to get our check, and really, needed a mint.

Will come back and try some other items, as the menu looks great!"
"Such good food for pretty good prices. Pros: tasty and relatively cheap, convenient place in Montrose
Cons: food takes forever to get out, parking is horrible, always packed"
Wait is always a bit tough here but the food is delicious and sometimes worth the wait depending on how long as it is. Pancakes are amazing!
"Went for the first time at the grand opening and was very impressed, place was packed and the staff was extremely friendly.  I ordered the Lower East Side which is their version of lox and bagels and it was amazing, it comes with a hard boiled egg and since I'm allergic to eggs, they substituted for avocado. My husband ordered the duo Benny which is a combination of 2 egg Benedict types and he thought it was amazing too.  They changed the version of the hollandaise sauce to something that seemed like it had cream cheese and it was a great version.  On this day the meal was free and the waitstaff was not taking tips only donations for a non profit which I thought was very nice! Angela, our waitress was very sweet and efficient. Will definitely be back for brunch so we can try the bloody Mary's and mimosas.   Now go try it!!!"
"This chain is surviving mostly off of hype to be honest. Yes, the food is GOOD! BUT it is nothing that will leave a lasting impact. They do traditional breakfast well... but it is not worth hours of waiting in my opinion. It is nice that they give your coffee while waiting, and the service is amazing. The decor is cute and the quality of food is great as well. Just NOT worth the wait. I would go to Breakfast club over here in a heartbeat."
"It was great. There was a one hour waitline on sunday. We decided to eat on the bar and found a seat for 2 in 10 minutes.
I ordered OMG french toast . It was awesome and super delicious. 
I would definitely go again some time."
"We tried this place in Orange County and again here and it was consistently delicious. Pancakes (esp lemon and sweet potato) were amazing, French toast (OMG) was so rich without being overly sweet, Bennys wereall so savory with great clean flavors. Coffee was perfect (and we're coffee snobs). One small complaint was it was so darn loud at both places. Otherwise, it's our new fave breakfast place."
Went with some coworkers after a crazy night shift at the hospital. We were greeted by our server with a somoa pancake on the House! We were also given health care employee discounts on our drinks (4$ off/drink). The pancake fight is the best way to sample all the fun pancakes flavors and share amongst friends.
This place is very cute and well worth the wait! I decided to get the trio of pancakes and boy was it good. The staff is very friendly and helpful which recommendations. Highly recommend for breakfast!
Great food! Loved their food at their Fort Worth location and this place puts out great stuff as well. The breakfast burrito with bacon and egg can feed a small family of four and be sure to ask for extra green chili sauce. You can't go wrong either  if you decide to split the pineapple upside down pancake with a friend.
"This is very close for me and clearly a popular newish place, and while the décor and the food is pretty good I have never been impressed with the service. At  7am on a quite cold Friday morning I would not expect to see people standing around chatting while I am sitting there without coffee, clearing plates before looking after people who have been sitting for 5 minutes."
"I've been craving ""diner"" breakfast food for weeks, but being from NYC/Boston, my idea of a diner style breakfast is pretty hard to come by. That said, I'm so pleased with Snooze.The interior is a retro, diner feel and their branding is excellent across the board throughout the whole place.

Got there at 11 am for an early lunch with a friend and there was a 15 minute or so wait..There were a few tables open, but they seem understaffed and a bit unorganized. The host & hostess were ""meh"" at best, hence the four stars instead of five.

The food: YES!!! My friend had the Benny Goodman Benedict & I had a half order Ham Benedict III (love that you can order a half portion) as well as a plain pancake with a side of bacon. The cinnamon pancake...is best described as something that you eat as dessert on Thanksgiving right before a 5 hour nap, LOL! But it's not overly sweet.

Loved our waitress, she was so friendly and welcoming. Service was a bit slow, but I attribute that to them being understaffed - she had a lot going on. She was gracious enough to send out a cinnamon pancake on the house for us to try, because it was our first time there and she insisted that we just had to taste it.

With it being the middle of a workday, I didn't get to try any of the drinks. But I did examine the menu.. Bacon infused bloody mary?! Better believe I'll be back to try it!"
"Don't believe the hype, this is a flash in the pan. Went here for lunch today and it was a major let down. Parking is a biatch, but that's to be expected and didn't influence this review. The servers were super friendly, but the food (and isn't that what we all come for?) was mediocre at best. My friend had Juan's breakfast tacos, which seemed delish by description but had ZERO flavor. I had the corned beef ruben which was passable but mostly just a salt-bomb and nothing special. We both felt sick to our stomachs after we left. This place is 'hot and new' by Yelp standards, so come here and Instagram pics of your pancakes to show all of your friends how trendy you are, but I doubt you'll come back for the food. There are far better places in the hood (i.e., Empire, Brasil, Common Bond, etc.). Meh."
"Decent food, great staff, buy not worth the wait in a city with so many yummy urban breakfast options. 

PS: tow truck drivers LOVE this place because they know there's limited parking and people tend to park illegally."
"The sweet potato pancake was pretty great. The pancake of the day was some corn pancake served with a chili like salsa, it was creative and delicious. The pancakes didn't blow my mind but I'll definitely make another visit"
"Decent food, great staff, but not worth the wait in a city with so many yummy urban breakfast options. Empire Cafe, Black Walnut, Barnaby's... Etc. Also, music is too loud if you're eating there early morning during the week.

PS: tow truck drivers LOVE this place because they know there's limited parking and people tend to park illegally."
"Who cares about a long weight time when EVERYTHING served is this DELICIOUS!!

Went on a Sunday, which has a wait time of at least an hour all day. Half of the people left because they didn't want to wait. Their lose.

My girl was thinking this would be a 1 time visit because she didn't like the wait. That instantly changed when she tried the OMG French Toast.

I had the Chilaquiles Benedict. Other than one fatty piece of beef it was delicious. The house hash gave the meal a nice balance.

I also got a Pineapple Upside Down Pancake.....it was AMAZING! It came with is own sauce so there wasn't much of a need to even add any syrup. But I like my pancakes kinda sopping so I requesting syrup and got hot syrup in a little cup my girl thought was the cutest.

I love pineapple juice and really appreciated that it was really good juice. Alot of places pineapple juice kinda suck. I got a large and my girl a small but those cups didn't have enough of a size difference to justify a large to me.

Waitress of course was great. I thoroughly enjoyed eating here and can't wait to go again. (Hopefully a week day so I have a shorter wait lol)"
"my absolute favorite spot for breakfast. the staff are absolutely phenomenal and the food is amazing. the sinful pancake that is off the menu is to die for. and all of the benedicts can be half ordered! the wait is long on the weekend but more than worth it!! if you have had a bad experience here, i would recommend giving it a second try!"
"It was one hour wait, but well worth it. The pretzel sandwich was amazing. The mimosa was tasty. My family and I sat at the bar and May was an amazing server. We'll definitely be back, maybe this weekend."
"I'm gonna start by saying, I'm not a breakfast person. In fact I would say that I hate it, however, hate, is such a strong word. But, healthy living requires a good strong breakfast and thus we found ourselves on a Saturdate morning at Snooze. I was impressed by everything in its entirety- lots of people means lots of yumminess. However, The parking sucked, the wait kind of sucked, the coffee was a little watered down. My pancakes though were a thing from heaven. And I never ever thought in a million years those words would ever come out of my.... writing. Lol. I do want to try some of the other menu items, so I will be back eventually."
It's great. But why's it called Snooze? I'm snoozing while this place is open. It should open later and close later.
Pancakes here were amazing BUT don't go on weekend brunch time! It is no joke when the host says 1-1:30 hour wait. They have coffee while you wait. The waiter was nice and the food was good.
So good! Get here early though or you will be waiting quite a while.  Friendly staff. Delicious food. We always try the pancake of the day. Breakfast tacos and omelettes are very good.
I love their pancake flights. Always delicious. Arrive early to avoid ridiculous wait.
"I feel that I am in the majority if  I say that 9:00 AM on a Sunday is pretty early for brunch, right? Well, not early enough for Snooze! I came here with my mom then and was told that there was already a 1.5 hour wait. We ended up coming back the next day, Monday, at 6:45 AM--with NO WAIT!

The food was great and our waiter was super nice and asked us if we had any questions and gave great recommendations. I ended up getting the pancake flight with the Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup, Sweet Potato, and Peach Pie pancakes. All were great, but I think my favorite was the sweet potato pancake because it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. 

Additionally, as my mom and I were waiting for our food, we were brought a ~complimentary~ cinnamon roll pancake. It was everything we could've dreamed of...and also the reason I couldn't finish my whole pancake flight! 

Overall, great! The coffee, food, and service were all spectacular. However, hearing people say they waited 2+ hours? I am skeptical. I would personally not wait that long for here-- I think the hype will die down in a few months. You'd be better off starting your day with a great breakfast early (i.e. before 7 AM) rather than waiting for hours."
"Snooze is hands down my favorite breakfast/brunch place in Houston. The only reason I was tempted to give anything less than 5 stars is the wait on weekends (1-2hrs). During week days there is usually very minimal wait. They do have a self serve coffee machine, so you can put your name in and grab some caffeine while you wait. They also have plenty of games to entertain yourself with, or order a cocktail at the bar to enjoy. Just know going in on a weekend it will always be over an hour until you are seated.

I have tried 10+ things on the menu and have yet to find something I dislike. My personal favorites are the Bella Bella Benny and the Cinnamon Roll Pancake. The bacon at Snooze is to die for- it is thick and perfectly well cooked, so you can't go wrong ordering something with bacon!

As a pro tip, the Cinnamon Roll pancake is for some reason not listed under the pancake section at the Houston locations. It is actually a la carte so many people miss it. However, it is by far the best pancake so I highly recommend it! You can also get it topped with bacon chunks if you want...  

They have a gluten free version of the cinnamon roll pancake that is actually very similar in taste to the gluten equivalent so if you are gluten intolerant I highly recommend."
I would like to give this place zero stars for their awful service. They quoted us a 20 minute wait on a Friday at 11. We didn't get seated till 12 and watched as people who walked in after us get seated right away. They're extremely rude and Incompetent.. and the food isn't even that good. Dont waste your time
"Amazing food and service!  Excellente! Great portions!

Go early to avoid waiting line."
"First visit to Snooze and really impressed! Teresa at the bar provided an excellent customer experience and seems to know many of her regulars, their jobs and family! Food was delicious and environment lively. Definitely 5 stars !"
"Totally worth getting up super early and avoid the crowd. 

Don't forget TX won't serve cocktails until after 10 AM ( I did, so I just savored every bite SLOWLY) Pleanty or coffee and organic juices.

Huge portions! Be hungry :) 

Cheers!"
"The food was wonderful.... the service was okay .... but the food made up for it..., I had to park on the side of the street(3blocks down)....the server bought me a pancake  and it was awesome.... instead of a pouched egg I got them scrambled.... all in all a great experience"
"We visited this place on a Friday morning, and waited for 20-30min to be seated. Their parking is horrible because they only have 10-12 spots for the entire place. I saw some People park on the street, but it is such an inconvenient location for such a popular breakfast place. 
 As we all know it is a franchise place from Colorado, and when it first opened it required 40-50minwait. They use local ingredients to cook the very best quality of food possible. Very friendly , casual/ ambient atmosphere. Somewhat hipster like. Easy going yet energetic vibe. You have the option of sitting inside or sitting out side on their patio. I highly recommend sitting indoors since you'll be facing bunch of ppl waiting or Parkin lot while eating.
 Food took so long to come out. 20min of wait to be seated and another 20min to get our food seemed too long. Waiters and waitresses were really nice though making this wait tolerable. 
 Their business hrs are really short, They open early in the morning and closes at 2-2:30. so if you are aiming for breakfast menu, be there earlier. 
 They have so many different choices, but they are well known for their pancake choices. It was my third time going, and everytime I go, they had new pancake of the day. we ordered my all time favorite corned beef hash and pancake of the day. 
 Foods are amazing and very flavorful.
1. Corn beef hash- 5/5: comes with choice of eggs and toast. Hash is well cooked, super crispy and corn beef is amazing with the hash
2. Pancake of the day ; pizza pancake 4 /5: my first savory pancake. Very creative and  delicious 
3. Orange mimosa 4/5: just ordinary good old mimosa
Portions are medium to large size, 2 plates are definitely sharable between three ppl"
"I went on a weekday and we got seated immediately. I ordered the Snooze Classic breakfast vegan-ized. Sub tofu scramble for egg, choose soyrizo and ask to omit butter. Make sure to mention you want to vegan-ize, the waitstaff are knowledgable and will make sure it's right! This breakfast was awesome, and deliciously rich...a little on the oily side, but 10/10 would get again. Great condiment selection, including Yellowbird hot sauce and Sir Kensington ketchup."
"This place is awesome! Extra friendly waitstaff and divine vittles. Trendy, industrial look with vibrant colors. Energetic atmosphere with music a tad loud playing. A bit hard for conversation, but the yummy food preoccupies the mouth anyway:). Free pancake while you wait for your food! OMG!"
"Smaller portions than I like for breakfast. Next time I go, I will definitely have my Eggs Benedict well done... I'm talking fully cooked hard boiled eggs Friendly staff and good vibes all the way down to the exceptionally clean bathroom  #SnoozeYouLater"
"I came here to eat with my sister on their 2nd day of opening, and I was very impressed with how smooth their operation was. The staff is so friendly and upbeat (shoutout to our awesome server Jasmine!). I ordered the Bene Duo (Chilaquiles and Chile Verde), my sister ordered the Lower East Sider, and we ordered the OMG French Toast to share. All of the items were superb!!! (But man, that French toast has to be the best I've ever tried.) I asked for hot sauce with my Bene Duo, and they gave me a local pineapple & habanero one to try, and I am in love!! Everything about Snooze was great, but IF I had to be critical about something, it would just be the color clashing theme of the restaurant haha but then again, it's a breakfast/brunch place, so what do you expect. They comp'd our entire tab because they were raising funds for a group called Urban Harvest. Of course, we left the correct amount anyway, but how selfless can a restaurant be to basically be serving people free food (even Jasmine was just volunteering and didn't accept our tip!) If you read into their mission and philosophy, it's all about compassion for people and the planet. Such an inspiring place to eat at."
"This place is so good it makes me angry.I can barely form a coherent review about this place because my instinctive first draft is just a bunch of heart-eye and tongue emojis. 

It's best to park on a side street, as the lot fills quite quickly. As mentioned in other reviews, the wait can be daunting. It is absolutely worth it. Pro-tip - go during the middle of the week before lunch, and you'll be seated in less than 30 mins. Enjoy the complimentary coffee while you wait! 

Once you get to the drooling-over-menu-in-your-booth stage, remember this simple fact: you cannot go wrong. Can't choose between all the phenomenal eggs benedict options? They have a Choose 2 Option. Can't pick pancakes or french toast? Substitute the french toast in for one of your pancake flight selections. You can literally add anything to your meal.  The bacon a la carte does not disappoint. The cinnamon roll pancakes are decadent (although beware the walnuts if you can't stand nuts in your desserts like me!). Don't be afraid to try out the pancake of the day, young grasshopper; you're ready. The barbacoa eggs benny will make you feel sunshine. Mimosas are solid, but is that surprising? And expect your total bill to be between $10-$15 - no complaints there! 

This place boasts their commitment to your best, most customized breakfast experience ever, and after a few visits, I can honestly say I believe them. In short, don't sleep on Snooze, y'all. #staywoke"
"Long wait, but worth it!  So happy that they had vegan options - and that my choice was DELICIOUS!!  Can't wait for Snooze to open SOON in our Town & Country neighborhood!!!"
"If you're patient enough to wait a few hours you'll be rewarded with some of the most creative (and quality) pancakes for the price point in Houston. I was very excited to see Snooze make it to our city after having a great experience in their downtown Denver location. The service is almost always friendly and helpful (we all have bad days, especially at a place that is always as packed as this) and on several occasions we've had the chance to try the pancake of the day, on the house. The rest of their menu has lived up to the same quality as well. Get your name on the list and check it out."
"Food.....awesome.
Staff.....awesome.

Like this place is a godsend its sooooo good, and the ""Snoozers"" helps keep it lively, I forgot to ask their names but, im pretty sure that they will know who they are when they read this review, them made sure that i was comfortable and kinda homey i guess you can say, and the cooks did an A1 job, didn't miss a beat with my order. Recommending this to everyone who are breakfast lovers."
"Today I decided to try this place out. Since I read the reviews the 2 hr wait time I was quoted was not a surprise. I was in a ""party of 2"" and decided to  go to the bar to order a Bloody Mary and a pineapple mimosa, now I specifically said add bacon (an extra 1.25 but no biggie) and waited for the drinks. Mind you there was one seat at the bar and I proceeded to sit down and was told by MARIAH in a certain tone that it's full service only. Now I might have thought I was trippin at first but her tone was very I won't say rude, but it wasn't in a nice way. I brushed it off and we got our drinks. 

The Bloody Mary is decent, MARIAH forgot the bacon but whatever. I didn't try the mimosa, so we continued to stand around and again in that ""tone"" MARIAH made sure to let us know that we were pretty much in the way. I guess it's only order and pick up drinks which is cool, but again it was the tone that was irking my nerve. Like chill out, this is our first time here, the place is jam packed with people standing waiting for tables. Oh and another thing MARIAH carded me and the person I was with which was no problem, but remember that small piece of information as you keep reading.

So after waiting which seemed like 30ish min, the couple next to us seated at the bar said we can have their seats since they were done. Awesome! The wait time definitely was still like another hr or more. So as we are trying to sit down I can clearly see MARIAH have this look on her face like she didn't want us to sit there. Even the person I was with was like ""what's her problem, I'm not feeling her vibe"". MARIAH, again in that ""sh*tty tone"" told us to take our name of the wait list. Now at this point I was gonna hit her with ""no sh;t bish"" but I don't even care because I'm hungry and can finally sit and look at a menu. So MARIAH proceeds to ask if we wanted another drink while handing out menus. I order a water and my friend orders another pineapple mimosa. Now I'm seated literally right next to the area where you order drinks at the bar. So people are coming up every now and then. We are still browsing the menu (again we're 1st timers) when MARIAH asks if we're ready, like don't rush me, chill out. We finally order and wait for the food. Another 35min.

Now back to me being carded. So this chick (in a super cute Jean dress) stands next to me and orders drinks (alcoholic ones) from MARIAH, and she has her ID in her hand about to hand it over when MARIAH waves her off like it's all good. Now I'm like HOL'up. Me and this girl clearly look around the same age but she doesn't get carded.  so I'm talking about it to my friend. He was like maybe she's a regular, but it was obvious she wasn't from their interaction. Again, she's standing RIGHT NEXT TO ME. So this other chick comes up who clearly looks 21 or younger and she gets carded and I bring it up like, that's strange. So MARIAH over hears this and is like is there a problem? I said I'm just confused why there is selective carding. Then this chick proceeds to lie in my face and say ""oh I grabbed her ID and said it was good"" now in my head I'm like ""bish you really want to tell that bold face lie"" but I hit her ""um no I sat here and watch you wave her ID away without looking at it. Then this clown decides to get her manager involved which is fine with me.

So the manager comes over (shorter lady with reddish hair, very nice by the way) and says ""you're trying to order a drink?"" My friend and I look at each other like what is she talking about. I said no I already ordered I don't know if she couldn't hear or what but then she proceeds to ask me for my ID. I'm looking at her like umm no. I tell her I already ordered a drink awhile ago. She says oh I was told you were trying to order a drink and there's a carding issue. I proceed to tell her the real situation and she understood, we laugh about it and keep it moving. 

Food finally comes and then MARIAH hands us silverware. My fork handle was VERY DIRTY, with food still stuck to it, I ask for another and she hands me another set of silverware. This one with LIPSTCK on the fork. I show it to MARIAH, she apologizes then grabs another and looks over it before handing it to me this time, all good.

I ordered the pancake trio and 3 eggs meal. The standouts were the hash browns and the pumpkin pancake. My friend had some kind of eggs benedict ranchero or something like that. It was really good. 

In all, get there early. The food is really good. I was over MARIAH and her antics, so if/when I return I'll make sure not to be serviced by her. Side note....Slim Thug ( yes the rapper) came in a few minutes before we were finished. He and his crew were waiting for tables by the door and guess who wanted to make sure all her coworkers were aware MARIAH. Oh and guess who wanted to make time to go up and speak to him, MARIAH. Here's a tip, how about check the rest of the silverware you're giving out instead of ""ke-ke-ing"" it up in some rappers face."
"Pancake and omelette heaven. My favorites are the pineapple upside down pancake, OMG French toast, blueberry streusel pancake. Every thing is delish. Omelettes are full of variety and come with a create your own option and fresh egg white is also available. They have tofu meat options for you meatless lovers. The price point makes this an easy pick for brunch. Don't be deterred by the wait it goes fast."
Woke up to find out my hubby had surprised me with Snooze!! This eggs Benedict was absolutely delicious! Loved every second of it! The hashbrowns are goals!!
My sis and I are early risers and this place is just great!  The food is amazing. The original specials are out of this world and the drinks are slamming food!
"Laid back vibe. Server and service was stupendous . And the food was freaking great. I'll be back again. Also was giving a free pancake for being a 1st timer after letting my server know. Great place to eat,  only issue is the wait time but it's worth the wait. Please try it out"
"I'm only putting 4 stars because if they get bad reviews they pay to push them to the bottom.  The food IS really great, but expect a 3 hour dining experience. You will always wait.  We even came once on a Monday and still had to wait an hour for a table.  I wouldn't mind it so much if it was just because they were that busy. It's actually because there bussing and service is unbelievable slow. Every time I have put my name in for the hour long wait, I've walked through the restaurant and counted 12-13 open tables.  Half haven't been bussed and half have. The problem is that these tables usual sit unoccupied for a about 10 minutes.  

Now that we're past that portion of the wait, you need to realize you will wait a long time before your server appears.  You should also order everything you plan to eat the first time you see the server because who knows when they'll be back. It will also take forever to get your order, even drinks.  If you order a beer it will come about 20 minute later, as though they had to make it. All it takes is walking to a cooler and taking out a can, but somehow takes 20 minutes. Also on the beer, once we ordered beers and 20 minute later they arrive with it and ask if we want mugs. ""Sure!"" then the woman puts two piping hot glasses.  ""Thank you for the Scorching hot mug for my cold beer!""  

When you do finally get your order and finish your meal, be ready to wait again.  It has taken us all of a half hour to 45 min to get and pay the check. 

So if your ready to make this trip your entire day, the food is fairly good.  But not the best you can find in the area."
"I just had my first snooze experience and Gabriel the bartender made it a special one indeed. I think this is my new spot. Try the AM Manhattan, that's the best cup I've had"
"I think that the hype for this restaurant is way too high. After going, I would definitely say it is not worth a long wait. If you have to go, try looking for less busy times. 

The food was okay. I ordered a pancake sampler. My issue with the food is that any of their sweeter breakfast items (pancakes, waffles, etc) are just way too sweet. It feels like everything is just drowned in sugar. Also, I ordered a cortado, and just wasn't good, though it is a bit hard to compete with all the specialty coffee shops in that area. The savory food items were decent, and the prices were as well. The staff was nice too. 

It's not that this place is bad. It is definitely decent, it just doesn't match my tastes. I think that for me personally it is not worth the very long waits I always see. There are other brunch places nearby that have better food and shorter waits in my opinion."
"Although you usually have an hour's wait, they give your phone a text when you need to head back. In the meantime, you can walk to a local store to shop. If you just want to hangout there, you can help yourself to complimentary coffee, juice or water. The food is delicious, like the amazing pancakes or healthier fair.  The drinks are fresh, like the apple cider.  Fun atmosphere, too!"
"My boyfriend ordered the pancake Trio. I'm not big on the flavored pancakes I like mine Plain Jane but these pancakes are phenomenal. Even if you're not a blueberry person get the blueberry. You won't regret it. I got the snooze regular. The bacon and hashbrowns were delicious. The eggs and toast were pretty typical. The coffee was just ok. I was excited to try the snooze blend, it was okay pretty typical. Service was amazing. I will definitely be back again."
"Ws sazaaqs. SAa Z aza s s a.   W,zs s axas. Z a  awzz szqaAz. C. S.   A a     Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y JacobComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis
Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: LuisMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será
Mañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden seráMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será
Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y BibiaComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San JuanitaComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los PadresComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: LuisComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita
Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo

Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: LuisComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo

Comidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: SandraComidas:

19 de mayo: Marissa y Jacob

26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo



9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo



16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo


7 de julio: Fam Gordillo



16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo



23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo



7 de julio: Fam Gordillo

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo

na

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo


Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos Ochoa

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos OchoaMañana vamos a tener un testimonio tambien. El orden será

Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos Ochoa
Bienvenida/Anuncios 
Testimonio
Alabanzas 
Mensaje/Carlos Ochoa

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo


16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo



26 de mayo: Flavia y Bibiana

2 de junio: Sandra

9 de junio: Luis

16 de junio: Día de los Padres

23 de junio: Israel y Amber

30 de junio: San Juanita

7 de julio: Fam Gordillo"
"I bookmarked this place previously based on the great reviews. I couldn't wait to try it out since breakfast/brunch is my absolute favorite meal of the day! I understood that there would be a long wait since I went on a Sunday afternoon but I chose a beautiful day and immediately lucked up on a great parking spot...(don't count on this however... parking lot was FULL) 
I was told there would be a wait time of 1.5 hrs but the bar seating is up for grabs on a first come first serve basis. I felt like a stalker but I snagged a bar seat easily being solo on this occasion. The bar seating was cool as I was able to chat with the bartender and ask about menu item recommendations and their interesting assortment of brunch cocktails.
The menu is seasonal so some selections are subject to change. I ordered the Egg white frittata which was very satisfying and healthy.
Many menu selections are decadent and resemble desserts, so you can take your pick.
I have since visited Snooze in Austin and Snooze @ Town & Country, Houston. All had great service but were inconsistent in the kitchen. So far Snooze, Montrose is still my favorite.

There is very good tasting free coffee while you wait."
"I was very excited to try to place, but in all honesty was slightly disappointed. I attempted to come here 3 times, but the wait time was always over an hour long. Finally one day we got there around 9:30 am and was estimated a 30-45 minute wait and decided this was our time to tough it out. My absolute favorite brunch item is eggs Benedict and I get it at every restaurant and sadly this place wasn't the best. It was good, but not worth a 45+ min wait to eat in a cramped space (at least a 2 top). My boyfriend got the pot pie breakfast and was underwhelmed, although flavorful. Definitely needed something else.  This place was good, but not really worth the hype in my opinion. Service was fine, but parking is sooooo inconvenient. I probably will not return here anytime soon, but will be at baby barnabys."
I'm a big fan of brunch.  I was in Houston for the weekend and I wanted to try this place.  We went on a saturday about 10am and there were tons of people waiting and there was an hour and a half wait.  The place was super cute and I could drink free coffee while I waited so that helped.   The pancakes were amazing and the eggs benedict was good.  It was worth the wait but I doubt I would go again if I have to wait an hour and half again
"Parking is sparse. Uber or be prepared to walk if possible. 

Service was friendly but I was confused as to how servers were assigned tables. There were five tables on the patio and each of us had different servers. Also it is difficult to see out on the patio from the inside. I believe this may have led to my server forgetting about me a couple of times. 

Server recommended the cinnamon roll pancakes. They were great! I had that along with the classic and hot 
chocolate.  

The menu had many substitution options which was helpful."
I have came here a few times and this last time was my worse. We waited to be seated for about 3 hours. We sat in a seat that had nats just gross not well kept and not sanitary. Manager was no help
"It was the best for brunch, the breakfast was awesome as well as the Pancake of the Day!!!"
"This review is specifically a review of the Art of Hollandaise (aka the Benedicts). I got to try 4 because a friend and I tried the Benny Duo. The most traditional was the Ham version and that was quite good. The more Mexican inspired versions- Chilaquiles and Ranchero- were good, but I wasn't a fan of the soggy tortilla layers. Perhaps it just wasn't what I expected. The Bella Bella really didn't need the balsamic glaze. I ate all of them and enjoyed them, but I cannot say I'll be running back for more. The HASH BROWNS, now that is a different story. If I was reviewing hash browns alone it would be 5 stars for sure!"
"Breakfast is like heaven in your mouth. LIKE NOM STATUS

The wait can be frustrating but clearly worth it.

YOU GO SNOOZE!!"
"Seriously the best breakfast I've had in years.  If you are ever in the area, be sure to stop in.  Highly recommend the benedicts and cinnamon roll pancakes!"
"The wait.... be prepared!  They do have activities to keep you entertained. But it is worth it for sure.  Very fresh, friendly service and options you don't see everyday- like pineapple upside down cake pancakes.  The coffee is stellar!"
"I'm bestowing the honor and prestige of my 100th review to my favorite meal, brunch.  Ha.  But seriously.

Summary:
I think Houston is lacking in brunch places that have unique brunch foods, so I'm so glad Snooze has been added to the mix.  They have lots of unique pancake and French toast flavors and several different versions of Eggs Benedict.  And they have a pancake of the day as well as seasonal flavors, so there is always a chance of trying something new.

PLUS, you can even get a pancake sampler platter (3 pancakes) or an eggs Benedict sampler (2 different types), which is perfect for ""I want to try everything on this menu"" people like me!  The pancakes on the sampler platter were described as 4 inches, but they looked a lot bigger to me (tons of food)!

Our service was great (thanks Carolitos!), especially considering that we were a group of 11.  Do be prepared for a wait, at least on a Saturday morning.  Groups of 2-4 who were putting their names down around 11am on Saturday had a 1.5-hour wait time (but nobody seemed to care)!  You cannot make reservations via phone; you can only get your name on the list in person.

The details:

I came with a group of about a dozen people for the first part of a progressive bridal shower, and our server Carlitos was attentive, described the entire menu to us because none of us had ever been there before, offered to split our check - that alone would have impressed me because I usually expect it either (1) not to be possible or (2) to involve obvious reluctance on the part of the staff BUT that definitely was not the case - and even brought out complimentary pumpkin pancake since we were celebrating a bridal shower.

It's possible to come here in a larger group, but I wouldn't recommend it.  This is in part because I received some mixed messages about whether making reservations was possible when I called a month in advance (when they told me I just needed to call closer to the date) and then later, two weeks in advance (when I was told I could only make an in-person reservation).  However, Snooze does text you when your table is ready, so that is helpful if you want to run an errand and come back instead of standing around.  Because of the mixed messaging, I thought going into brunch that this would be a 3 star review or less, but the friendliness of the staff and the service we received while we were there pretty much redeemed them.

Food was good, and I intend to check out that pancake sampler when I come back to try some new flavors!"
The food is always great when I go to Snooze! The team there is so nice and friendly too!
"Waited for a while to try this place due to the line out the door all the time. First of all the service was excellent by the servers. The food we ordered was bigger portion than expected. The prices are decent for the area. The taste of the burrito was nothing out of this world, good but not great. The peach jelly was amazing. I would definitely eat again based on service alone and to try something else."
"Best breakfast place in Houston! Worth a long wait for sure. They have a free coffee to enjoy while you wait for a table, I heard it's very good. What makes this place great is food and friendly employees, I recommend. Try at least once."
"I wanted to love this place, I really did. But, I am not a sheep and not going with the masses. The food is absolutely 5 stars - no doubt! The manager, Leah did rectify the problems we had and was EXTREMELY acomodating (love her), But here is my review, take it or leave it.

The first hit I will own. We came here on a Sunday at 1pm. We walked straight to the counter and put our name in. They said it would be an hour and 15 wait.  I sucked it up because I have been wanting to try this place. Plus there is a bar, so why not wait. Wrong answer. 

Annoyance 1 - Head to the left of the bar, this is where you can order drinks. However, there is no distinct line (there is a very small sign that says ""order drinks here"". People cut in front of you and pretty much walk into the bar back area to flag down a bar tender. The bar tenders are so busy they don't care and will serve whoever aggressively gets their attention first. So those who thought we were in line - wrong! People cut, no one cares. It's mass chaos. However, me being a loud mouth spoke up when I saw a woman weaseling her way past me into the  the bar back area, then giving her order. I got the bartenders attention and she quickly took my order. 

Annoyance 2 - It's December and it cold outside, however add some heating lamps outside and BOOM, you've just added customers to your 12 or so tables OUTSIDE which oleviates the overcrowding! I would have been more than happy to take a table outside if there were heaters. All tables were empty outside which caused mass crowding inside and longer waits.

Annoyance 3 - They have complimentary coffee at the front for those who are waiting. Super nice right? Well not when there is NO COFFEE and NO SUGAR and no STIRRERS! Just gobs of cups and some cream. I had to ask several times about the coffee and they said it was being made. Okay, by now they should know how popular this place is and have a distinct job for a coffee maker. The hostess did grab a cup for me and when behind the bar and to get me a some coffee. Super nice, but what about everyone else that doesn't ask?   Make the customers happy if we are waiting so stinking long. Finally coffee was brought out, but still no sugar or stirrers. Just cracked me up. 

Annoyance 4 - It was actually 1 1/2 to get a table not 1 and  fifteen. Trust me, when you have been waiting that long, an extra 15 mins is a heck of a long time! 

Final Annoyance 5 - I am a HUGE people watcher. I was watching customers at the bar. One girl gets a text that her table is ready, but she has already ordered food at the bar. She shows the text to a patron she has been talking to at the bar. She tells her to just take her name and go up to the hostess stand. So the girl does. I watch this all go down mind you and I am livid because I know the second girl came in long after me and i am dying to eat at this point (it's almost my time to be called and I am angry hungry). I watch the conversation between the hostess and the girl. The hostess realizes that it's not the original girl who put her name in, BUT STILL GIVES HER THE TABLE! All the while I hear her telling the other hostess that, ""sometimes we do this."" Now, it would be EXTREMELY coincedental that this girl's name was actually the next name on the list, but I know what I saw. So,  at this point I am beyond LIVID and walk up to her and tell her I saw exactly what went down and I want to see her manager. 

Life at Snooze gets a better now. In walks the manager, Leah. I explain what happened and she is beyond apologetic. I had seen her through what seemed like 'my day experience at Snooze' and she has been roughing it being the bar. All wet from cleaning, running around everywhere. Super hard worker. Anyway, she says that she has just come back from vacation and there are things they working on and will be meeting with the staff soon, which made me feel relieved. She immediately got us seated at the next available table. Brought us a complimentary cinnamon roll pancake (the bomb) and made sure we were well taken care of. After that things were so much better all thanks to Leah. It's the small stuff and a smile on someone's face that can change your mood in a split second. 

My friend ordered the breakfast pot pie, I got the pancake flight (you chose which three you want). I had pumpkin, chocolate chip and the drunkenmunky french toast). I do have to admit that some of the pancakes are a little to sweet for my liking but delicious non the less. I am in love with the french toast!  I also ordered the hash browns (ask for them extra crispy). 

Service was slow and by this point there was hardly anyone dining. It was an all afternoon affair snooze. We get there at 1 and we didn't leave until 4. I can think of a million other wonderful ways to spend my Sunday afternoon. Was the food worth it? YES, but NOT for the amount of time we spent there. I would absolutely suggest you going on a week day. Thank you Leah for saving the day."
yumm except the long wait.  I usually if i have a day off forget about the weekend.
"Food is at 4-5, but get ready to wait 1-3 hours.  No reservations.  It's a joke.  Hire another chefs and buy more eggs, dah. Expand the space into the empty huge space next door.  Business and Customer Care 101."
"I came here with a party of 9 for a friend's birthday. There was a 2 hour wait, which wasn't as bad as expected since Snooze has an assortment of games for people to play with while waiting, such as Connect 4 and Jenga, and a plethora of nearby stores to cool down in. Apparently they also send texts to let you know when your table is ready, but we never received one so I'm not sure how reliable that whole process is. 

In all honesty, the food, decoration, and music of Snooze really deserve 5 stars, but i'm docking one due to their host. She was incredibly rude throughout our interaction with her and was very adamant about her estimated waittime. We checked with her ONCE after almost two hours of wait, and she insisted that we TECHNICALLY had one more minute on the quoted time!!! After making us wait that ONE EXTRA MINUTE, she put all nine of us in a medium-sized booth in the very back of the restaurant, that would have more comfortably fit 4 to 6 people. 

Determined to have a good time, my friends and I ordered the CHILAQUILES BENEDICT, BENNY GOODMAN, BELLA! BELLA! BENNY, CAPRESE BENEDICT (ala the Benny Duo! a fantastic deal if you can't decide on just one), OMG! FRENCH TOAST, SANDWICH I AM, and the PANCAKE OF THE DAY (strawberry cheesecake, I think?). Everyone was extremely pleased and were basically raving about the food all day. (Pro tip: ask for your hashbrowns to be flat and crispy). Additionally, the incredibly sweet waitress brought us PANCAKE FLIGHT of PINEAPPLE UPSIDE DOWN, PEANUT BUTTER CUP, and BLUEBERRY pancakes for my friend's birthday. 

Would I come back? Yeah, I would, but maybe in a couple more weeks after the hype dies down a little or they get a better host."
"Like many, I was well aware of the Snooze hype before I even walked in the doors. For those wondering if the hype and the (almost guaranteed) wait at the door are worth it: Yes! The wait is because the entire process from being seated to getting your check is slow. This is a ""sit-down and enjoy your meal"" kind of place, not a ""grab a bite to eat and go"" kind of place. You come to Snooze for the experience first, food second. Not to say the food is forgettable (it's not), but your experience at Snooze is slow and methodical. Enjoy your company (if you brought someone; if not, your morning paper), then enjoy your food."
"This place is a complete mixed bag for me. We waited 30 minutes at 8 a.m. on a Sunday, which wasn't awful, but the space is cramped. The person at the counter takes your number so they text you when the table is ready, which is a great feature, but she messed up 3/3 numbers she took that I listened to. That's impressively bad.

When we were seated, we took first available which was outside. It wasn't too hot, so it was okay, but it was a 90 minute dining experience which made it progressively hotter and sunnier as the meal went on. Definitely wouldn't do that almost any other time of year.

Our waitress was nice and friendly. My fiancé liked his hot chocolate, but the coffee was too strong for me. I tried 4 Stevias before I just gave up. He ordered the Chile Verde Benny and I ordered the pancake flight with the sweet potato, bourbon pumpkin, and special which was a donut type pancake. I also got a side of chicken sausage. 

The coffee came out fairly timely, but the hot chocolate lagged by a while. Then it took over 30 minutes to get our dishes, which is odd given that the place isn't that big and the menu isn't that vast. 

The menu variety gets a 5 from both of us. There's a lot of interesting items that you can't find elsewhere. The execution of the Chile Verde Benny was a 4. It was very tasty and unique, although a bit heavy. The waitress suggested the barbacoa, and my fiancé liked the dish.

The pancake flight wasn't what I imagined. While I should've guessed from the photos, it was a complete sugar bomb. I like sweet, but not THAT sweet. The syrup was everywhere combined with candied nuts and sweetened cream. It was just a lot. The pancakes themselves were good, my favorite being the sweet potato, but that is a one-time experience for me. It's just not something you would really want again IMO. The chicken sausage was solid. I hesitate to rate the pancakes, because I know some people are really into them. I'm a definite dessert person, but I don't like pure sugar, so take that for what it's worth.

For us, this is not a place we will rush back to, but we see the appeal and appreciate the menu. Waiting any more time than we waited though would be completely out of the question."
"The food is good (not great), the service is great, but the place is crazy-loud, crowded and over-priced.  My two cents."
"This place is amazing. We got there just after 9 on a Friday and were seated immediately. We enjoyed every dish, the waitress was super accommodating, my mom was even impressed by how hot the coffee is, and it's usually never hot enough for her. My only complaint was that the order (no special orders) took longer than we expected (typically it wouldn't matter but we were time crunched). Anyway, we all agreed we would definitely go back. Beware the parking! Even with immediate seating, i had to make a few laps to find a spot."
"This was my first time here! I visited this restaurant around 11:00 am. I am very impressed with the variety of food and how they put everything together! The food was delicious! 

Service was a little on the slower side, meaning we had to ask for our first glass of water twice as our waiter was super busy. I was a little confused when we first came in, there is a counter that says please enjoy coffee while you wait, but only water was present. There were a lot of other servers/helpers around that were also very helpful to us. 

Parking is limited (what else is new in Houston)! 

Overall, I came here for the food and was very pleased!"
"My husband and I absolutely loved this place and can't wait for a reason to go back (we live kinda far). I got the tacos, which were to die for and the blueberry danish pancakes. My husband got the chocolate peanut butter pancake, avocado Benny with hash brown, and the chai tea and he was in love. 
There wasn't anything we didn't absolutely love!! 
We will be back again and again!!"
"An absolute go-to for incredible breakfasts. Nothing overly fancy, yet somehow unique and delicious. The wait is worth it! Love the pancake of the day and all the fun combo's they come up with. The quinoa bowl, and egg white frittata are also some healthier go-to options. Oh, and the coffee is good"
The food is amazing with good prices and the option to substitute for vegetarian option. If you like to eggs Benedict's then you will love this place. Downside is the line- if u come closer to opening time then there's no problem but if you wake up around 10 ish 11 ish on the weekend then a wait can be up to 1 hr. But food is worth it :)
Ridiculously good.  Went for the first time and had the corned beef hash and a sinful cinnamon roll pancake. Loved the hash and don't usually eat pancakes but decided to try them since it was my first time.  The pancake was unbelievably good.  I am definitely returning to try the rest of the menu.  Staff and customers were great as well.
Everything was delicious. The wait on Sunday was about 2hrs so we went the following day and there was no wait. Recommend the OMG French toast and pancake flight. Sweet potato pancakes were AMAZING!
"Food quality was still just as great as the first time I came. Got the Benny Duo and it was incredible! Snooze is probably still number 1 in my book for best brunch food in Houston. 

However, service quality was a bit off today. When we came in the restaurant, we stood at the front for maybe 5-10 minutes just waiting before there was actually a server to put my friend and I on the waiting list. There was no worker to organize the line, so many of us were clustered at the front not knowing what to do. Not a deal breaker, but just something to point out. Food quality is still most important and glad Snooze gets it right!"
"Snooze eatery has one of the best service and great food in Houston, Texas. Luis and Erica our servers was great.  5 Stars no question."
"One of my favorite breakfast places. Everything I've tried is excellent.  ONLY complaint is... every time I've been, there's a wait. But it's worth it!"
"While it's a bit overpriced for what you are getting, the food is so tasty. 

We came on a weekday around lunchtime and there wasn't a wait. The service was great, while the food did take awhile to be prepared. They were prepared for us to split our foods, and the way they allow you to pay is genius. 

We got the pancake flight and tried the pancake of the day (white chocolate chip pancake), chocolate chip, pineapple, sweet potato, peanut butter, and blueberry. My least favorite were sweet potato and pineapple but the pineapple was probably because I saved it for the end and was so full. These are very sweet, so treat them as desserts! My favorite was peanut butter, chocolate chip, and pancake of the day. Honestly, all the pancakes were great, even the ones that were my least favorite!!

I also split the Chile verde eggs Benedict with a friend and it was DELICIOUS! My portion was quite substantial- I think when they divide it into two, they double the Pico de Gallo and hash brown you get so both of the portions get enough to eat which is amazing. I definitely recommend this. My friend got the taco and the portion was generous also. 

Edit: I returned on a Saturday and got pancake flights, this time trying the cannoli and French toast. I didn't particularly like these. I also got a half portion of the Snooze Spuds deluxe and while it was tasty, I recommend the Chile Verde eggs Benedict as it has more for the same price. 

Overall, I definitely recommend this place during the weekday for brunch and am looking forward to coming back."
Oh Snooze is nothing close to a snooze. The pancakes have big bold flavors and the staff is nice.  I wouldnt go here if you are ina hurry becuase they usually have a wait especially on the weekends.  The drinks are good and its perfect for a eatery for a foodie.
Expect to wait at least 45 minutes if coming on a weekend (especially a holiday weekend! :)) but the complimentary coffee and water is nice to have while waiting. Service isn't extremely attentive but it was packed so it's understandable. But the food was AMAZING! trying the pancakes and hash-browns is a must. 10/10
"After reading the reviews I was very skeptical of the wait but honestly, our estimated wait time for brunch on Sunday @12:30pm for a table was 20 minutes. We were sat in 10 minutes. The food came out in another 15 minutes after ordering. The staff gave excellent customer service. The only con I would see is parking, it was definitely packed. Had to park behind the lot in Jack in the Box. Additionally, the place is a little compact, but the delicious mimosas and mouth watering food is definitely worth it. Definitely coming back!"
"This is by far the BEST breakfast place EVER!!!! The only negative I could say about this place, is the wait sometimes up to an hour and a half but it's totally worth it!!"
"Love! Been 4 times and always come early to avoid the ridiculous lines. Quality service, delicious food and they care about the planet. What more could you want?!"
"I went here for my birthday and didn't have too long of a wait.  There were some board games and bean bag toss outside while we waited (not sure if it's always available).  Service was decent.  I tried the breakfast pot pie which was really good but not mind blowing.  My friends got the pancakes, and enjoyed them (but again, nothing outstanding).  The waitress recommended the mocha coffee, and to me, that was the only thing that I would definitely come back for!  That was one of the best cups of joe I've had in ages!  Snooze is nice, but I don't think it's worth any long wait for."
Breakfast here is so refreshing and unique.  I visit here every time I visit Houston.  The short wait is always worth it.
"On our arrival, the parking lot was crazy full. People were stacked waiting for spaces like there was a going out of business sale. It made it a little exciting to see.

We checked in and were told there was a 30 minute wait. Eventually they called our name from inside and we were waiting outside. When we got the text, we responded and were told ""sorry you're too late we already gave your table away. But we will seat you soon."" Only seconds later we were seated.

At the table we were given dirty menus and a sticky table. Our drink order was taken immediately and brought to us just as quickly. I requested silverware and creamer only to wait until my coffee was cold and my orange juice was finished.

Everything coming out of the Kitchen looks and smells amazing! Seems like many people order some variation of pancakes or Benedict from what passes by our table.

We ordered pancakes and Benedict. The Pancakes were very dry and the drizzle was quite tasty. The Benedict's were interesting good. Tons of flavor and the hollandaise was incredible.

There were many staff shuffling plates and people making things a little hectic and distracting. The music was pumping and loud. The decor was retro modern. The give a high tech receipt on a tablet you self service.

A complaint is that the personal interacting with the server or host is lacking. As I finished my plate, it was quickly grabbed and the receipt device was placed on our table.

It's a place to go if you are a trendy hipster. If you are hungry now, forget it. Wait times will leave you hungry. The crowd at the door will make you irritated."
"This was a surprise find and glad to have this cool experience.  It really was a new vibe for breakfast, great customer service with both indoor and outdoor seating.

The food.  The food.  The food.  The latte was crafted exactly well.  The menu doesn't say it but the breakfast burrito was HUGE!  Stuffed with everything, meat, egg, potatoes, veggies.  All complimenting each very well.  The French toast topped with fresh berries and its best friend -- mascarpone cheese.  

In Texas portions are big, of course.  This place is a must stop breakfast spot."
"Who doesn't love a breakfast cocktail!? Menu is heavy on the ""Benedicts"" but the corned beef hash is great!"
"The place doesn't have an hour wait because the food is bad. This is a great place but is it worth the wait? Is anything worth an hour wait? I mean, I've waited this long for Game of Thrones final season so I guess I can wait for pancakes. The place is cool, good service, good variety and good food. Like the Fonz and Rachel Ray got together to open a restaurant. 

My only comment to Snooooze: Time to expand. Right? Business is booming but...I've looked at all the hipster clothes in the thrift shop next door while waiting and it's made me hungry! When you have to expand it means you're doing something right. Snooze is brunch done right! Now get us more tables!!!

And all the pretentious enabled Millennials and their bad reviews need to get over themselves. Seriously? *downtown abby voice* ""Oh the place is popular but my hashbrowns weren't cooked medium rare! Shame! Shame!""  PS - The Benny Goodman isn't supposed to taste like normal eggs benedicts, look at the ingredients you plebs- Salmon and cream cheese. This dish is genius!"
