"Blood Brothers Brewing is worth the trek to at least a visit. 

I have been drinking Shumei and Paradise Lost for awhile which are available on taps at Good Catch Boil House. And here I was, finally here and able to try out more of their beers! 

You can either order a sampler or a half pint or a pint from their ever rotating draft list. And in case if you rather just want to pick up a bottle or 6 of them from the shop, you can also ask for a taste before committing.

If you are into sour beers, you would be delighted with their interesting IPA, Sour Ale which used different kind of fruits. And their Sour Ale White Lies series uses different grapes was also quite interesting too. 

Come by for a drink or 2 and enjoy their casual setting with friendly service and of course some good beers!

PS. You can even order bottles delivered to your place via their online shop."
"Thang Long is another Vietnamese Restaurant with Hanoi speciality  that opened up at the strip Mall right across from Vaughan Mills.

During the day it is a restaurant but at night Thang Long will be transformed to a Bar and Karaoke.. also specialized in Vietnamese pop songs just in case any of you guys want to drop by.

Inside is nicely decorated with 2 set of sofa and lounger and the front and the back of the restaurant. You will find yourself surrounded by TV.. yes this little place has 6 TVs and you will have a view no matter where you sit!

Special Ha-Noi Vermicelli ($8.99)
- This is the first time I ever has this dish so I have nothing to compare to. Grilled pork belly and pork patties soaked in fish sauce with Vermicelli and various lettuce, mint leaf and basil.
- The pork belly a little hard and chewy... maybe it is not fatty enough :) (gee I don't believe I said that!)

Pho Tai Name Ve Don - Medium rare Beef & Crispy Done Lightly Fat Beef ($6.50)
- Big disappointment... I don't think I will ever order Pho again here
- Soup based is really bland..just a hint of Beef flavour in the soup and not too many other.. no star anise is used..and is not served boiling hot...
- Noodle is the package dried type...
- Beef is tough and overcooked.. Crispy done Lightly Fat Beef? don't see or taste any fat.. and is mighty chewy

Banh Cuon Thit Cha Lua -Steam Rice Roll with Pork ($6.99)
- The best dish we ordered... thinly steamed rice sheet rolled in with shredded pork and wood ear mushroom topped with fried shallots. Nicely done and bring back a lot of childhood memory....

Service here is friendly and nice. Vietnamese pop song and karaoke video accompany us while we eat our lunch....

Nice environment and only if they would work on their cooking...

2.5 star"
"Montreal's bagels. everyone telling me about how good they are.... so I guess visiting St Viateur is on top of my to do list for my weekend in Montreal.

This location is the first I visited. Nothing fancy here, bagels... and more bagels.

For this afternoon only plain, sesame and poppy seeds are available. We also pick up some smoked salmon spread to go with them.

If you love your bagels dense, heavy and sweet... these babies are for you!"
"2.5 star

My experience with Arepa is limited...  aside from having the Venezuelan style  Arepa at Arepa Cafe http://www.yelp.ca/biz/arepa-cafe-toronto#hrid:Pxplj67nbkQA-VCbm8_93w/src:self which I thoroughly enjoyed. 

When my Yelp Friend suggested Arepiando, I am IN!

Prices wise, Arepiando's Arepa is almost half of what Arepa Cafe is charging... but the location of course matters a lot!! Arepiando is located in a Latin American area up in North York, while Arepa Cafe is down in Queen St West. The set up of Arepiando is more like a takeout place where you can watch the cook/cashier/owner preparing your arepa through the glass window.

Arepiando might serves really authentic Colombia Arepa, but I didn't enjoy the white corn arepa as much, I found that it was just too crunchy and chewy.  Since in Colombia, Arepa usually eaten as Breakfast or Afternoon snacks, so most of the Arepa here at Arepiando has cheese and eggs as the main ingredients!

My Yelp Friend decided on: 

Arepa con Chicharron ($5) - Fried Pork Skin with Cheese
- So chewy... so dried... I am glad I still have all my teeth if not I won't be able to eat the pork... but I might have problem digesting it though
- taste wise, it was pretty bland, the hot sauce on the side was pretty weak, I tried to dip it in the dressing.....

Arepa Ranchera ($4) - Eggs with Chorizo and Cheese
- definitely a breakfast sandwich.. the scrambled eggs were really fluffy but unfortunately the sausages were on the dry side

Lulo Juice Cocktail ($1.50) and Strawberry Soda ($1.50)
- My first experience with Lulo was good which has a citrus flavour
- My friend's Strawberry Soda tasted just like cough syrup!! But he like cough syrup!

The lady was so nice, even gave us a chicken empanada to try... but the empanada was meh too... bland and dry...

I really want to like Arepiando........ Maybe it is just me??"
"I am reviewing Asian King based on their Lunch Specials.

Not too many choice in the area for decent Cantonese food... so you might be stuck with Asian King if you have that urge.

Decent price for lunch $4.99 for a soup noodle of some sort, and the portion is huge.

My Beef Brisket with Wonton Noodle Soup ($4.99) was really flavourable...by tons of MSG. I was thirsty for the whole day after that. On the other hand, my Hot Yoga Date Thai vegetarian Fried Rice ($6.50) with soup and Spring Rolls was really blend tasting.

Services here is cold and efficient...... 

I don't know if I would be back to Asian King  for more MSG experience!"
"This is one of the nicest library in the area of Markham. When I walked in I am so glad that my tax money are putting into good use.

Angus Glen Public Library is nice and roomy, with plenty of windows, skylights and high ceilings.

There are plenty of seatings (sofas and seats) so you can just lounge around or you can use the private rooms if you want to have some privacy.

There are good selections of current paperbacks and best sellers. Most of them are in great conditions and some of them brand news since the library is only 3 years old or so.

I really enjoy spending a hour or 2 on my day off having a cup of coffee and lounging around using their wifi internet and read some magazines. 

Of course the best thing is the free wifi!!!"
"Michael-Angelos Market Place is located right across the street from Longos at the North West corner of  Woodbine and Hwy 7.

I find the selections here are more interesting and unique than what Longos offers. 

This supermarket is not busy at all most of the time. Good if you picking up something quick.

The fruit and vegetables are also a lot fresher than Loblaws and Sobeys and the price is quite compatible too!"
"Thanks for our wonderful CM for organizing a CMYE at Pazan. If not I never would have  experience the hospitality of the lovely owners and I wouldn't have know my work of art can look so awesome with a 3D glasses!

Marcelo is just so charming and sweet! Just look around the gallery you would see his wonderful work of arts. Full of life and vibrant colours and definitely inspiring! 

Thanks for the special opportunity for a few yelpers to able to create/draw under Marcelo's guidance: our own piece of 3D painting! He shown us different techniques, giving us suggestions and I just love everyone' s paintings after this little hand on workshop!

Of course, you can also purchase the lovely paintings in the gallery or even bring in your own to get it framed!!

Drop by Pazan Gallery if you are in the neighborhood! It really worth your while."
"Tower City Center seems like a most visited place for tourist but because of it's amazing shopping or dinning options.

If you are taking the RTA train, the lower level is the main hub where all the trains connect. And  the complex also have an inside walkway that connects to The Quicken Loan Arena and The Horseshoe Casino.

I love the architectural details of the interior. Make sure you look up at the beautiful ceilings and enjoy the courtyard area in the Main Concourse."
"I have to say Pho Viet has an awesome website! The menu has pictures how each single item looks like!! And I can tell you, the real things looks exactly the same! :)

I was there for lunch on a Friday afternoon around 12 pm. The restaurant is not busy at all when I walked in and by the time I leave there is a wait for tables!

Pho Viet seems to be frequented by people working in the area. The owners knows what their usual orders and that made them feel really welcome and special.

I have the pho noodle with raw beef.. I ordered a LARGE... 

The soup is quite tasty, the main disappointment is the noodles not being fresh ones. The noodles they use in the pho are the dried varieties. There are tons of  noodles in the bowel though, for sure you won't be hungry after eating that. However, I just don't like that taste of dried noodles at all...

There are not much ingredients in the noodles though... I guess when you order a bigger size, that's is just more noodles....not more meat.

There are no lunch specials.

They accepts Interac and Cash only."
"The Souffle here at Sweet Note Desserts is good. But definitely not worth to wait more than 30 minute.

So I didn't wait that long and when I was here the place was empty! We were the only table there and service was good. My souffle did take awhile because the oven wasn't warmed up yet and for whatever reason, I was not in a rush....

We have the 

Vanilla Souffle with Guava Sauce ($8.75) - Nice and Fluffy
Americano ($2.80) & Cappuccino ($3.35) - Standard
Macaron: Miso Caramel Chocolate ($2.50) - Salty and Sweet at the same time, melt in your mouth goodness!

Every $5 purchase = 1 Loyalty Stamp  and 9 Loyalty Stamps = Instant $2 saving towards any in-store goodies! (no minimum purchase required) So $45 would get me $2 off? Not worth collecting and to be bothered to carry that card around. 

I don't mind coming back when the cafe is not busy. But seriously, something has to be done about the wait time for the made to order dessert. It is not going to benefit either the business or the customers to wait so long for their order, no matter how good it is!"
"3.5 Star with room for improvement

Welcome Poke Guys to Markham! The first poke bowl location in the hood! I am excited! No more just drooling over poke bowl food photos and going all the way to Toronto to have one of this treat!

Located in Downtown Markham, underneath a Condo development. Parking might be a little challenge but there are some street parking or you can utilize the Condo's business parking underground.

Menu is the same as downtown. For my first visit, I tried the Cali Bowl ($11.25). I love how fresh the toppings! Especially my avocado was freshly cut when ordered, no brownish and bruised sad looking avocado. The only flaw maybe the white rice which was dry and hard and lack seasoning.

Being the only game in the hood, I will be back to try other Signature bowls or even build my own. Hopefully by then Poke Guys will be Best Bowl in town!"
"I had been here for a few times during off peak hours so never have much issue with slow service. Drinks I ordered were OK as I usually order their popular ones that the staff had made hundred times or more already.

I kind of like how it has Bake Code on site as I can grab a treat to go with my drinks.

Parking never a issue as there always plenty of parking during off hours. Commerce Gate location always been more a challenge for me."
"Bridlewood Mall is quite a decent neighbourhood Mall. It is right at the corner of Warden and Finch so it is really easily accessible by public transit. 

If you are into grocery shopping.. there are Metro which is more pricey but has better grocery selections and Price Chopper which is a little cheaper but limited in selections. 

For all a round department store that has everything, Bridlewood does have Zellers... and for the handyman/woman in you, Home Hardware is at your service. 

Fast food choice wise, there are Tim Horton's, MacDonald's and Pizza Pizza. There are also a few bubble tea places... 

There are not many clothing stores though.. so I guess I cannot do a makeover from top to bottom in here. 

Of course, with Toronto Public Library that has wifi access.. this makes Bridlewood Mall A-OK!"
"After stuffing my face with Chinese food with fellow yelper at an UYE, me and my new Yelp friend decide to find a place to chill and regroup ourselves for some more eating.. 

The Bean seems to be a good option aside from Second Cup... since i always want to try out the Bean's coffee..of course I been going to Manic Coffee more often. 

The place was empty...aside from 2 patrons since they are closing in 1 hour or so.. the nice barista did advice us before we placed our order.. 

My usual choice of beverage: Cappuccino ($3.25) was A-OK.. but I have an atomic bomb as a latte art. I found out it was not intentional as the barista messed up when he was doing the pour! 

When we were taking photos of my cappuccino.. the panic barista started screaming ""Are you taking photos!!!"" Hey, am I in trouble again.... then he admit that he messed up.. and he can do much prettier artwork... FAIL!! 

Free WIFI just ask for password... 

Should I come back and give The Bean another try, so I can take a proper Latte Art photo? Maybe...."
"""Extra Spicy""...... Why I always get that look when I request that? And my Extra Spicy always comes out tasting so lame....

The Owl of Minerva is not exception. 

On a rainy, cold and windy afternoon, eating a Hot and Spicy Pork Bone Soup ($7.99) seems to be natural...so I decided to have one of those.

As a single diner, I was stuffed at the only single table at the corner... right next to the counter with like folded chairs right beside me... yes I felt cramped.... yes I felt ignored.... but I kind of expected that....

How's my Pork Bone Soup? Thick and garlicky and full of spice. I don't find the pork bone too meaty. I wish I have purple rice to go with it....

Banchan here were not the greatest..... I would have asked them not to bring me any aside from the kimchi.

I ate and I left without even having any eye contact or verbal communication with anyone.... the only time the waitress spoke to me was that they only take Visa or Debit when I tried paying with my Mastercard..........."
"Lebanese Bakery Cafe and Desserts is located on Birchmount Road South of 401. 

I would never notice this place because it is like tugged inside a factory looking complex.

The inside decoration is really simple but quite comfy with plenty of seats and even a little fireplace with armchairs. 

There are 2 areas you can order food from.. one is the bakery for pizza, fatayer(pies), shawarama and salads... We tried some of the little appetitizers ($1 to $1.50) each which are all really tasty. I love the dough! It is firm but fluffy and have a lot of texture. Hey and almost all of them has spice inside! 

The other area is devoted to sweets and drinks. Almond and Pistchio bakalwa. I have to tell you I do have this weakness over flaky pastries. Though both of them are really sweet but oh flaky shells dripping with honey... great to enjoy over a cup of dark arabic coffee..."
"Little House of Kebob is the best decorated and cleanest Self Serve Persian grill house I have been to!

Everything so clean and in order, even the washroom is immaculately spotless!

Order at the counter with the option of eating in or takeout. We decided to share 2 entrees which both comes with a choice of soup or salad.

Koobideh Kebob ($6.99)
- cooked to order, fresh of the grill taste
- Mixture of grounded lamb and beef, a little gamey for my taste. The meat though is moist 

Lamb Shank ($9.99)
- Surprisingly tender and well flavoured! 
- Rice on the side is mixed with rosemary and fava beans

Portion is quite decent at this price point. We left happy and fulfilled!

Love how our meals are served on real plates and cutlery! I just can't stand eating from Styrofoam!

Definitely would be back again for their stew! Fesenjan ($8.99) and Ghormeh Sabzi ($6.99) which comes with rice and soup/salad, sound delicious!"
"3 Star for the Food
3.5 Star for their long hours and being LLBO
4 Star for their Patio Set up during summer (the view of CN tower is priceless!)

Cherry Street Bar-B-Que might not be me my favourite BBQ joint but love their setup and their vibes.

I only visited once but definitely would be back when I am in the area with some meat lovers!

I shared a Full Pound of Brisket, Half Rack of Ribs and a Sausage. I found both the brisket and ribs dry but luckily I was with the Eating Machine Lambert P and he ended up eating my share and more!

Cherry Street BBQ might not worth a special trip but definitely one of the better BBQ joint in the area."
"Patty King is good for cheap good eat! 

Jerk Pork with Rice ($4.43) eating that made me really happy. Tender pork with the perfect spice and at under $5?!!!

Now I know why there is always a line up at Patty King! And it definitely worth the wait.

There are a few small standing table if you want to dine in."
"3.5 stars 

Tasty House is another one of those Hong Kong Style Cafe in the Scarborough area. However, after coming here for lunch, I am going to make it my to go place when I am in the area. 

Cheap pricing of course is almost the main attraction for HK style Cafe patrons.. but aside from prices, quality of food is really important too! Tasty House successfully kept their pricing low in line with the other Scarborough restaurants but the quality of food is way better! 

Eggs with Toast/Hot Dog with instant noodle/drink ($5.25) 
- Tasty House used the huge Grade A eggs.. 
- 2 Hot Dogs are of better quality too... 

Egg Sandwiches/Satay Beef Vermicelli with drink ($5.25) 
- Beef really tender and plentiful 
- Best Egg Sandwich I have ate in a HK Cafe.. cooked perfectly..a little runny and moist.. and the bread is the thick cut! :P 

All of the Baked with Protein (pork chop, beef, beef tongue etc) are all $6.95 with drinks. Which is really good value. 

Services here is fast and efficient! And of course Chinese TV show for your dining pleasure! 

CASH only!"
"$4 Martini on Wednesdays with 32 different ones to choose from!! 

Which one? Which one?

I really know where I am going to hang out to wait for anyone on Wednesdays!!

Symposium Cafe!!

Not to mention Unsecured WIFI connections and I got seated right next to the outlets.. I really don't mind that anyone to show up whenever ...take your time.

The tables though are weird it being a little high,, or maybe just me being short?

Espresso Martini - Vanilla Vodka combined with Kahlua and a cold espresso is just delicious! 

What should I try next!

Noise level is high but manageable. But that nice smile of dessert : freshly made crepes/waffles are the hardest to resist.

Services though is a little slow..but full house on a Wednesday night!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Li's House 1988. 

The lunch menu is quite extensive with entree, noodles, dim sum and more. We ordered a few items to share so we can have a taste of what they offers before we come back for dinner.

蒙古羊肉面 ($7.99) Mongolian Lamb Noodle Soup - tasted homemade in a bad way
小籠包 ($4.50) Steamed Soup Dumpling - doughy and heavy
Veggie Pancake ($2.50) - hardly have any filling
豆沙鍋餅 ($2.50) Red Bean Pancake 

I found most of the dish we ordered were mediocre at best. 

The waitress though looks cute in her Mongolian costume but I care more about how the food taste.

I doubt I would be back any time soon...."
"Izakaya Ju is one of the rare places I recommend NOT to come here for Lunch Special.

Come after work to Izakaya Ju for a authentic Japanese experience. Watching my Yakitori being prepared on open flame did the extra excitement.

Kawa - skin (salted) $2
Negima - leg and leek (salted) $2
Tebasaki - chicken wings (salted) $3
Tsukune - chicken ball (sauced) $3

Takoyaki ($5) is one of the best I have yet in Toronto. There are 2 octopus bits inside each ball. Cooked perfectly crispy outside and soft inside. The sauces and the pickled ginger went well together.

Great Japanese cocktail list for around $6. I could not try any out this evening because I was too tired and driving too.... (Yelp Friend said Call a Taxi!)

I will be back again to Izakaya Ju for more... and of course will be with some sake/cocktail! Kanpai!"
"Never too cool to arrive at UYE 20 minute early.. We decided to find a watering hole in the area...

Me with a Cool Cool drink in mind...

Steph L with Patio with some sun in mind...

Checking a few places along our way, Until we saw the nice patio at Drake's... and we know that's the one!!

Friendly staff... Great Selection of Cocktails... and of course AWESOME patio!!!

I love my Lavender Lemonade($12) light and subtle and pretty.... Steph's Julep ($14)is strong and have a great punch, she was in a happy mood after a sip or 2!!

Drake's nice patio is my to go place if I am in the area for a drink or 2.. and maybe some food next time too!"
"There is nothing Grand about Le Meridien Versailles. 

The outdated room definitely on the smallish size. The bathroom is so small and closing the door can be quite tricky.

Free Wifi and the staff are all really friendly and helpful!

Location is a little away from the action but I do like to walk off my food and beers.

Staying here on cash and points is an OK deal.

I don't mind staying at Le Meridien Versailles again if the price is right!"
"ON7 Bar & Grill is on Hwy 7 or is it Ontario 7? 

ON7 is a newish Neighbourhood pub. Not bad if you just want to come chill out with your friends a little or to catch whatever games. Play some darts or shoot some pools. 

Daily special: Tue & Wed Wings Special for $5.49, I might pass on Fried Rice/Chow Mein Special...

I might be back for a quick drink. But one of the TVs at the bar was just so fuzzy, I do expect a little more from a sport bar."
"I can spend an afternoon just browsing around here.. 

Al Premium is the newest and biggest supermarket opens by Orient Mart, which has 2 other locations. 

Everything is super sized here! Spacious aisles, high ceiling, dim lighting and huge selections of everything around the world!! 

For their hot table, aside from the usual Chinese dishes they even have a separate area for Indian food prepared by Indian cooks!! 

There is even a different area where you can get Halal meat. 

Seafood area is clean and smell fresh, and hope it will stay the same! 

So many checkout lanes.. I don't even need to wait in line at all on their Opening Day! 

Ample Parking.... And TTC accessible! 

Opens daily from 8 am to 12 am! 

Now I need one up in Markham!!"
"Great location! 

Located Inside Silver Snail Comic, a safe haven from the busy buzzing corner of Yonge and Dundas.

It was just so quiet on a weekday late morning. The coffee was well made but service could be a little slow as there is only one staff working here.

Black Canary is good option if you meeting up with friends in the area or just want to have a quiet coffee break."
"Yay Captain!!  

Your Fish and Chips tasted so good

The batter is light and golden brown and not greasy at all

The Haddock ($9.95) is moist, flaky and fresh

The Chips so cripsy outside and soft inside and thanks for not over salting them

Your Homemade Tartar Sauce so plentiful and delicious

The restaurant so clean and modern

The staffs all so polite and soft spoken

I don't know why I am watching bowling on TV while I am eating fish and chips?

I definitely will be back!

Yay Captain!"
"Sweet Culture is another one of the Chinese Dessert place.. opens late in the afternoon till 1 to 2 AM.

It is excellent choice to drop by for an afternoon snacks or a midnight snacks! There are also quite a good choice of fresh fruits desserts on the menu. Healthy and Tasty, what a good combination!

Dropped by here on a Sunday afternoon. A lot of the table ordering their special afternoon noodle set that let you pick your own ingredients and comes with a drink.

Me.. I opt for the Herbal Turtle Jelly with Fresh Fruits ($7.50) Thanks God.. though there are only 3 kinds of fruits watermelon, cantaolpe and honeydew diced up in small cubes but at least they are all fresh! What a good snack!

I would for sure to be back to try Durian Sago Mixed ($4.50) next time!

The seats and the tables are wooden without cushions so not really comfy however the services are nice and friendly!

They accepts Cash only!"
"Major Milliken Pub & Eatery is so hidden.. I would not say it is a hidden gem but finding it can be a little challenge.

Sharing the same driveway and parking lot as Dairy Queen.. I almost drove into the drive thru and order a Blizzard to go with a Grill burger.

Major Milliken does have a really homey feel, dark and dim with old sofas, armchairs and everything... and in fact it is inside an historical house. 

Beer selections a little disappointing as usual but maybe be one of the more decent one in the area. 

For lunch we ordered burgers... some home made burgers with patties grounded in house. My Peppercorn Burger ($12.99) was not bad, the patty though a little dry but it was loaded with peppercorn!! The fries are like potato wedges but of supermarket frozen quality.

Service was slow and lacking as there was only 1 waiter serving the whole restaurant. Water never get refilled and everything took forever... don't come here if you are in a rush....

Major Milliken definitely is worth the visit if you are in the area and don't feel like eat Chinese food... and even a drink? The patio looks promising, can't wait till summer!"
"Finally, Finally, I got to order the special set meal I been wanting to try!

Our table has some disagreement on either lobster or crab... but crab wins!!

And we have more disagreement on what to order as the 3 other dishes from the set menu.... But all I care was I going to have my crab!!

The XO sauce was spiced by real fresh Thai chili! While my dinner mates were in tears, I saved them by eating all the chili and most of the crab!

- Sweet and Sour Fish Fillet
- Chinese Broccoli with Beef
- Fish Fillet with King Mushroom

I guess they all tasted not bad as my dinner mate finished most of them while I busy eating my crab.

3 choices for dessert... and I got to try them all too!!

The only complaint is they ran out of the complimentary soup of the day!

With 10% discount our bill came out to be $53 with taxes!"
"Woodpecker is located inside Metro Square's Food Court serving Korean Food. 

Price is quite reasonable with Pork Bone Soup starting at $6.50 which includes a plate of banchan, a bowl of rice and a cup of hot tea.

Our Soon Tofu (choice of Pork or Seafood $7) has a lot of pork and tofu but it was either spicy hot or bubbling hot. Maybe if you like Spicy, you need to request ""Korean"" Spicy.

Frequent buyer's stamp card gives you a free order of Soon Tofu after 7 purchase. Not bad if you eat here often enough!"
"We stopped by Marche Hung Phat to try out their Banh Mi after visiting Jean-Talon Market. There is always room for good food!

There was a short line but it moved quite fast. Everyone was ordering Banh Mi to go and so did we! For $4 a nice Vietnamese sandwich is a good deal. The thing I enjoyed the most was the bun with crusty exterior and soft and moist interior.Love the pickled carrot and daikon toppings. Extra Thai chili please!

I am not sure if Marche Hung Phat serves the best Banh Mi in Montreal but I can tell you that the one I had was excellent.

Skip the Vietnamese Cold Coffee though.. it was meh...."
"Update August 2015: (2.5 star - 1 star = 1.5 star)

Got a PM from owner telling me that I am not welcome and do not come back, which I am ok with. But using profanity I am not ok with that. 



2.5 star 

Noodles!! Hand Pulled Uyghur Noodles!

Pro Tip: Don't be fooled by the name of the restaurant! They just disappointing.. Skip!

We tried

Lamb ($1.98) - meh
Beef ($1.98) - meh
Shrimp ($2.50) - meh
Lamb Kidney ($3.50) - dried and bland

All the skewers just bland tasting, they supposed to be marinated before bbq on charcoal.. definitely lack the fresh off the grill taste!

Pro Tip: Order the 2 noodles off the menu

We shared 

Langman with Lamb ($8.99) 
- noodles cooked al dente with good bites
- Love the green beans that not overcooked give good contrast to the noodle
- spicy pepper and sauce are delicious!
- portion on the smaller size 

I really enjoy their house made hot sauce which has a really distinguish favours and wondering what's the ingredients. The waitress just said she is not sure because she didn't make it herself? 

Charcoal Kebob House has a really limited menu. Hopefully there will be more interesting items be added and they would improve on their grilled skewers since they just opened recently!

Maybe I might come back and try their Danpanji (Big Plate Chicken with Home made noodle) or Manta (Steamed Lamb Dumplings 6/$11.50) but definitely not in a rush... 

Pro Tip: There are a lot of other restaurants in the Scarborough area that offers similar items at a much lower price point and taste better... 

I really want to love Charcoal Kebob because of their nice family vibe but hopefully they would improve over time as they are really relatively new!"
"Tokyo Bakery has the cheapest macaroons of all GTA. 

They are $6 for 6 but they are all prepackaged and you cannot choose the flavour. For $1 each I could not complain. Taste wise I think they are quite good and with good texture and not too sweet, just the way I like mine. 

The lady behind the counter was so friendly and we start discussing about macaroons in GTA. She said Tokyo bakery makes their own and no one else sell theirs..but I do have doubts because Cakeview Bakery ( http://www.yelp.ca/biz/cakeview-bakery-and-cafe-scarborough#hrid:2yIu2MBEEMICp_oZtn0G4g/src:self) less than 5 min drive North has similar looking macaroons.... 

After paying $2.50 each at Ruelo last week... $1 each at Tokyo Bakery is a bargain and can curb my cravings for sweet once in awhile! 

Cash Only!"
"Spicy Basil Noodle with Chicken ($5.95) lunch combo was A-OK. I requested Thai Spicy...but always Canadian Thai Spicy. 

Love the hole in the wall, authentic non pretentious vibe of Thai Naka. Family owned, everything so simple and rustic! 

I have to come back to try out other things on the menu... hopefully I can get extra Canadian Thai Spicy next time!"
"Xe Lua at Richmond Hill is closed and replaced by Pho Hoang Kim (Golden Way) Vietnamese Restaurant.

I have not been to this Xe Lua location before, I cannot really comment about that. But I have to say Pho Hoang Kim is not really an improvement, since it is not going to be the Pho joint I would have recommend my friends to go to.

Basically, they just change the business signs in the front to another name. The interior stayed the same without any renovation. This place looks so runned down.. so depressing...

The tea are served in foam cups?? Why you served your hot tea in foam cups... can you get some teacups from the dollar store?

I order the small Pho with raw beef and beef balls ($5.00) and a iced milk tea ($2.50). 

Why are you serving my iced drinks in plastic cups?? Am I in a food court or something? The milk tea is too sweet without any taste of tea.. you sure it is not a colour sugared drink??

The Pho is ok... the broth is not hot enough and does not have any flavour except being salty. The beef is not raw.. is more cooked than well done... the only good thing is that the noodle is the fresh varieties.

Pho Hoang Kim, you know even if you change your name and you still serves nasty food.. no one is going to come!

They accepts Visa.

No Lunch Specials!"
"This Starbucks which is located across from Promenade Mall was surprisingly busy!

Weekday afternoon having a 45 minute free time before yoga class, I was thinking of popping in and write a Yelp review or 2. I didn't realize that the seating was really limited here and I just couldn't find a space, any spot to park myself.

I did get a coffee for go and use the washroom faculties, but I think I going to skip this Starbucks next time when I am in the area."
"Another Dumpling BBQ Northern Dim Sum offerings opens up in the area. I cannot comment how Yummy is the dumlings and bbq but I can tell you it was a fail in other areas.

Seriously if restaurant wants a down time in between lunch and dinner it is totally acceptable as kitchen staff does work really hard during rush time. But don't give customers the attitude if they want to give you business at off peak hours.

At first I thought because I don't speak the language and did not order a table full of food, but the other table of 2 got the same indifference treatment.

Spicy Noodle ($6.99) 重慶小面 has a nice balance of sour and spiciness which I enjoyed. Something really homey and rustic.

Will I be back? Not likely. As there are now so many places in the area that serves the same thing with at least a smile and thanks me for my business.

PS. Why the couple got served hot tea in a pot and the waiter had to ask me if I want a glass of hot water? I don't deserve to have tea as a single diner?"
"Patio... A nice patio makes this Starbucks one of the most popular place for the dogs and their owners... at least on this nice Spring morning.

The interior though quite spacious but a little dark...not a lot of tables, so might have a hard time getting a seat if the patio is not open.

Surprisingly busy... but the lines does moves fast!"
"Wanda's Belgain Waffles does look a little out of place in the food court of Pacific Mall! Not just the serving of Western dessert in the middle of Chinese food offerings and its location really not cool.. I could not find it first time when I was looking for it.. I ended up at Beard Papa instead..

The Waffles here are ok.. I have better one. I wish mine a little more crispy and brown outside. My request of ice cream not on the top, chocolate syrup only on the waffles but not the ice cream was happy obliged. My server is nice and friendly and have a nice smile.

The vanilla ice cream is really good and the scoop is huge! ^0^

And for $3.99 it is a great dessert to share with a friend and then you can get something else like a Beard Papa's cream puff?

I have to say that I am quite happy that Wanda's Belgain Waffles do decide to open up a location up here in Markham. I wish other neat Downtown food place will start opening up some shops here in the suburbs!"
"Matcha Soft Serve.....

Saryo Cafe is a Japanese dessert shop sharing the same space as Konijiki Ramen. Just perfect to have a dessert after eating at Konijiki. Seating though can be tight and uncomfortable as the line for Konijiki was overflowing into the seating area. 

The staff here though all smiley and in a good mood. I would if my desserts is making all these people happy!

I will be back as I have not try their roasted hojicha soft serve. But I love their matcha everything! So smooth and just the perfect sweetness and bitterness."
"Hey a Seafood market not fishy smelling? No puddles of water on the floor? (+0.5 star)

I have to say Diana's Seafood has the best selections I see in any seafood market I been to! And they have my fave Kumamoto.. yummi! The price are really reasonable too around $15/dozen.. 

For other whole fish or filleted fish.. they all looks fresh and have a lot of varieties... Chilean Sea Bass... maybe that will get me cooking?

Yes Fresh Uni in a seal packaged! Tobiko flying fish roe in green and orange and Salomon fish roe... (Now I can make some sushi!)"
"We were at Olive et Gourmando early enough to beat the crowd and got seated right away. If I had to wait for a table, it might be a 3 star review.

Great place for breakfast, as nothing beat some good pastry and coffee.

We shared a Chocolate & Banana Brioche and a plain Croissant. Cappuccino was A OK though on the more mellow side.

The tables are packed so closely together, not much privacy. Olive et Gourmando is good for something fast, but a place that you can really take your time and enjoy your food. 

By the time we were leaving, there was so many people blocking the entrance waiting for a table. 

I don't mind coming back for more treats or coffee but I doubt I would have wanted to wait for more than 10-15 minute for a table on on my vacation"
"All these pretentious trendy cafes in the GTA... you know what's your problem? We people just want to have a good decent cappuccino at a reasonable price!! And please serve that in a cup.. a real cup!! 

Zona Caffe serves their beverages the way that Italians would have enjoy their espresso or cappuccino back home! Nice, simple, strong to start the day or wind down after dinner... from a nice Italian mama barista! :) 

And of course, the price is hard to beat!! $2.50 tax in... 

I did get table service since my cappuccino was delivered to my table while I watching CP24!"
"Thanks so much for Troy at Great Lakes Brewery for our private tour.!

That refreshing taste of Devil's Ale fresh from the tank was just so devilish which I always will remember!

Love their Project X, a small batch crafted beer which only available in limited quantities, I ended up now having a bottle of Bourbon Porter aged in Wooden barrel waiting to be sampled in my fridge!

4 tasting of their most popular beers..and I am eyeing their Miami Weiss which is still fermenating in one of the tanks!

Love how the brewmasters at Great Lakes are so innovative with their products: Green Tea Ale? Just giving me more execuse to drink more since isn't it that green tea is good for me?

Drop by the store try some beers, pick up some beer at the source and support the local breweries!"
"I went to Kaze Japanese Cuisine for AYCE on a Sunday evening. 

I really like the decoration, the booth seatings and the high ceiling! The theme colour of Green does give the restaurant a nice and sedating feel.

The sushi and the sashimi were all fresh and tasty. I like how they did not try to put a lot of rice in their hand rolls and sushi like other AYCE restaurant.

However, their cooked dishes do have room for improvement. I found them really salty. I did mention to the waitress, she said there is only 1 person in the kitchen so that's why the quality control of the food sometimes can be off.

The ramen is quite tasty though.. I ate 2 bowels of that.. :)

Don't try to order Seasame ice cream! They don't have it! I ask why not? They said since no one is ordering it so they are not going to stock that.. GEE, no seasame ice cream?? However I do recommend the coconut ice cream, It is really tasty with big chunks of real coconut inside!

The soft drinks are not fountain drinks! They are reallly can drinks! I though not drinking pop anymore, but I found canned ones are so much better than the one from the fountain!

The food might arrive slowly because there are only 1 sushi chef and 1 cook and 2 wait staffs.

Please note the hours which is different from what they post on the website! They close at 9 PM on Sunday and weekdays!

Please beware that they charge 10% tips on top of your bills automatically, so don't double tip!

They do offer a la carte menu with bento box and sushi set for lunch special."
"Please order the burger... Please order the burger....

You know there's a reason this place is call  Winghart's BURGER and Whiskey Bar!

Do you trust me or all these yelp reviews? I am begging you, the waitress is suggesting and your wife is pleading to you to order a burger... even one of the plain one...  

No... my travel mate insist on ordering a Pizza!! WTF! 

As I ignoring him forcing himself trying to stuff that dried and burnt whole wheat like Sweet Georgia Brown Wood Fired Pizza ($9.75) down his throat with a glass of water .. I just want to say you deserved that!

My Shipwreck Burger ($12) is just so so good!! My medium rare cooked patty is topped with brie cheese, caramelized onions with bacon, arugula, and white truffle aioli. Yes it is juicy.. it is cooked perfectly and it is worth every penny!

Sucker you! Stop looking at MY burger.. and stop asking me to help you eat your pizza... I rather have another pint of my kick ass Thirsty dog Siberian Night Stout with 9.6% ABV! Trust me.. you don't want to mess with me after I have one of those! 

Super friendly service!! 

I will be back!! As there are 30 different drafts on tap... and I have not even start on the whiskey.. Maybe I should have order the WHISKEY! It is call a whiskey bar.. Fail!!"
"What's a Allonge?

The staff at cash looked at me and said I don't know, let me go ask someone
It is an Americano with extra hot water.. 

Hmm, I guess I am not going to order that and crossing my fingers hoping she is not the one that making my cappuccino.

I do love the friendly and laid back vibe of Riverdale Perk Cafe. The patio is amazing overlooking a quiet neighbourhood street. There are also different seating option inside and of course I like to chill out on the coach.

Their cupcakes are all made in house and looks just delicious, I will try that next time.

Te Aro beans used in all their espresso drinks.. which is always my favourite!"
"3.5 Star

Hand Pulled Noodle! Making fresh right in front of me!

I know it is kind of a novelty, but it is always fun to watch and I wish I can learn to pull some too, as it looks like a good exercise to tune the upper body....

After doing a search using Yelp App, we ended up at Nudo for some noodle before heading out for some drinks. From the outside Nudo looks dark and sketchy, but the deco inside is simple but pleasant. Love the TV showing Chinese RETRO movies back in 1980s, some silly simple comedy.

We shared the Braised Beef Noodle Soup and Marinated Cucumber. The noodle does have a good bite and the portion is decent, enough to fill me up as a meal. 

Nudo's may not be the best hand pulled noodle I had, but definitely a great option next time when I am in town and have craving for some decent Chinese food!"
"Saigon Grill is kind of in the middle of no where and if you driving at 80 km along Hwy 7, you might even miss it. 

Menu is quite standard as with most of the Vietnamese restaurants. Since I was alone, I ended up only order Bun Bo Hue ($8.50) which is my to go Vietnamese Noodle instead of Pho. Though it does not have all the traditional toppings but  beef is of good cut and quite tender. 

I will be back to try out other items on their menu. Price is a little more than other Vietnamese restaurants but being in this area with no competition, it is worth paying more for decent Vietnamese food."
"Guitars Guitars and More Guitars! 

Cosmo Music is for music lovers looking for any instruments. But their guitar selection is just so awesome with the wall to ceiling guitar display. I like the idea that you can try them all out before getting something you like. They have private rooms set up with various amplifiers for that purpose. And of course if you are a guitar player, you would not be happy to just own one of those babies!

I like how the store is divided up into different sections/departments with dedicated sale representatives and you can just find everything you need without looking around.

And even a coffee shop right inside the building?! I do wish the coffee place has similar hours as Cosmo Music itself."
"I love Dog friendly business and Market Brewing Company is one of the few that really makes the effort with their Yappy Hours.

The set up is spacious and welcoming. Great to try out some seasonal and small batch beers they brewed on site.

Love that Untappd check in notification screen at the back of the bar area. 

Nice place to catch up with friends over a pint/flight. And you can pick up cans and growlers to take home too."
"For the price Fresh & Wild charging, I expected a lot...

But this place is such a mess... everything looks so disorganized and the staffs just giving me the eye... 

Come if you absolutely don't want to travel or walk a little further.... and if you have special dietary need.

But I would rather pay for TTC to shop somewhere else and still be ahead!"
"Hidden upstairs in The Mall at Langham Square is Vietnamese Coffee.

Here you can have a taste of the freshly grounded and brewed coffee from Beans Imported from Vietnam. Brewed when ordered but the service is super fast.

Iced Black Coffee ($2.50) and Iced Coffee with Condensed Milk ($2.99) are Super Strong! Usually I have my coffee black but it is so tasty with just a touch of condensed milk.

The stall is really small but worth your while just to come by and have a good cup of coffee!

They also have whole beans for sale by bulk or in prepackaged bags."
"Though Tokyo Smoke is a Canadian lifestyle brand that focuses on the legal cannabis industry, but this review is based on their coffee.

Newly opened in Assembly Chef's Food Hall, this is probably one of the better place to grab an espresso drinks aside from The Bulldog.

Barista is friendly and hip. And aside for coffee, they also have vegan snack and accessories for cannabis lifestyle."
"Liberty Burgers & Wings is a cute little burger place on Main Street Markham. 

The dark wooden decoration inside the restaurant is chic and comfy with quite a few booth seating. However, on this nice fall like summer afternoon, I decide to enjoy their smallish patio...which as around 6 tables or so overlooking Main Street.

The menu has a great choice of how you like to dress up your burger to make it ""gourmet"". However, as usual I opt for the basic Hamburger ($8.99) but upgraded it with Sweet Potato for an extra $1.

100% Organic Beef maybe good for my body, but for me taste is the most important. The patty was grilled and has a great charcoaled flavour... seasoned well. It is a little dry but acceptable and went well with their signature sauce.

The Sweet Potato Fries was so so so good, one of the best I ever have. But I don't know if they forgot the dipping sauce? Though I don't really need any as it tasted good the way it was!!

Liberty Burgers is A-OK for their burgers, I might have to come back to try their wings over a pint of beer........"
"My phone is dying... 8% power left... I desperately NEED to charge up my phone..... My battery is dying....

Only 2 electric outlets in this Starbucks and after I finish my tea and wait and wait staring them down.. these people were still here!!

When I ready to leave... they still here!! One of them just left their Mac plugged in and not even using the computer!

Not even the hot green tea can calm me down......breathe.....stop the chattering in your mind....

This Starbucks is quite decent aside from that. Staffs are friendly and efficient. I found a table (not close to the outlets) easily. Place is quiet...

My phone is dying..... 3% power left.. and auto shut down!!! RIP....."
"Afghan Cuisine offers lunch special before 3 pm.

Tandoori Chicken Leg Kabob ($8.99) which includes a pop sounded like a good value. Sadly the kabob tasted bland and dry. 

The wait time for my lunch in an almost empty restaurant was long. I do appreciate how each order was made when order but 15 minute wait for a fast food like setting? Luckily I was not in a rush.

I do love the deco and spacious interior. Just wish the food could be better!"
"This Boston Pizza's location feels dated and the dining room area just feels dark and closed in.

The service here though was always good whenever I come in for a quick bite. Food is just normal Boston Pizza standard, which has always been so so.

Not a bad option to come here to catch a game or a quick drink with your friends since there are not much choices in the area."
"Episode 1:

I almost forgot I alone can eat a whole Neapolitan pizza with a Salad and a Dessert.. as I have the Lunch Prix Fixe... So for 6 of us and 5 of them males... I should have ordered at least 6 pizzas.... but with these 3 pizzas

MARGHERITA, ALSICCIA E FUNGHI, SPARTA  Though tastes good but did leave us unsatisfied!!

Piola's pizza selection is quite good... and I love thin plate bread type pizza. Though they can be baked for a little longer without being burnt, then they would have be perfect!!

Episode 2:

All you can eat Gnoochi with 12 different sauces at $14.99... Good price if you are into gnoochi. Personally I found the gnoochi at Piola is not too good...Some are too starchy..some are chewy...some are mushy... really lack consistency!!

And after a few round... I swear I am not going to have any gnoochi again for a while...

BTW, the Sangria ($26/pitcher) is really good!! Great for sharing with your friends and the best part of the meal!! Too bad it is not a All You Can Drink Sangria Night!!

Services were excellent both times... Piola is great for groups as our server was able to give us all separate bills!!"
"B & T Food Centre is good if you just want to pick up a few things to make a quick dinner. It carries most of the staples that one needs to make a good Chinese/Vietnamese dinner. 

I guess I am just a little spoiled by the nice supermarket that has been opened all over GTA in the last few years.

Selection here for sure is lacking here. Price point might be a little lower than others big box Chinese grocery stores.

Tons of flies and wet floors... 

I though will be back if I want some of those Thai or Vietnamese herbs and even get a balut or 2 for my Yelp friend.. (I just want to mix those in with the eggs in the fridge..... and see what will happen...)

Cash only. Not even debit...."
"Genji Sushi is one of the better Japanese/Korean restaurant in the area. Great to come here for lunch if you are in the neighbourhood. Especially they serves lunch till 4 pm, with 32 different items to choose from $7.95.

We decided to get these to share, all nicely presented in a bento box with salad and our orange dessert...

Spicy Bulgogi ($8.95) 
- with 8 piece of spicy rolls
- my DC commented that the bulgogi is a little spicy, but of course I found them to be A-OK

Lunch Combo Special B ($15.95)
- the fish selections are just little boring: Salmon and Tuna
- Good big portion but the price to match too
- Shari rice is nicely prepared

Waitresses here are nice and smiley, services are good and efficient.

Genji Sushi is a decent place to meet up your friends for lunch and chit chat a little if you are in the neighbourhood.. but doesn't really worth a special trip."
"The Imported beers selections here are really poor.... you won't find any unique or special seasonal beers in stock.

And even for a lot of items are sold out? A lot of empty shelves... especially for the sake selections!! This is the only LCBO I been too that I notice that no one is really restocking their inventories...

Staffs are not too friendly... not even a smile or a greeting...

I will definitely not coming back to this LCBO if I need anything... or do they have anything I want?"
"Wonton Chai Noodle newest Upper Markham location.

I frequent the other locations in Scarborough and Kennedy/7 but I now prefer this newest location.

Menu is identical with other locations so there is no surprise with the quality of food.

My usual Wonton Beef Noodle ($6.50) and Vegetable ($3.50) were both tasty!

The extra star is because there is ample parking for this location."
"Top Saigon Restaurant has opened up their 2nd location recently in North York. 

Great selection of lunch specials which includes items that are available everyday and some are exclusively for that particular day of the week.

My Seafood Tung Zum Kong Soup Noodle ($6.95) which is one of the specials for Friday is A-OK. It has shrimps, cuttlefish, fish balls and even 1 fresh mussel. I requested extra spicy and fresh chili pepper were used and the broth was really coconuty...

Drinks are not free, as if you want to have a HK style tea or other hot drinks there are an additional of 65 cents. I might passed on that as the tea was kind of lukewarm and lack the taste.

Services are fast and friendly. Deco are nice and pleasant.......

No free WIFI but I was in and out in 15 minute..... 

If you in the area and have cravings for some decent lunch specials, definitely give Top Saigon a try!!

For lunch specials, cash only!!"
"I was been calling Coffeeholic's phone a couple of time to verify their business hours, but no answers!!

This afternoon I drove by the store since I am in the area.. A Huge FOR RENT sign is up!! :(

Business is CLOSED!!"
"I might be a little bias or maybe I am just bias.

I love Thai food. I can eat Thai food everyday. Sadly up in Markham, my hood, it is hard to find good authentic Thai food. Every time when I come downtown, I ended up going to Pai, KSR, Sabai Sabai.....

Little Khao has a limited selection but that's all you need. In Thailand, you might even have a stall that selling just one item of their specialty. If it is good, people will come.

Pad Gra Prao ($17) so much flavours from the holy basil. The large portion is good to share as there was quite a lot of minced pork. The poached egg maybe a little under cooked.

Can't wait to have some more down to earth Thai food next time when I visit Assembly Chef's Hall."
"Shabu & Congbul? 

The name of this Korean Restaurant making me a little worry... 

I am not sure what is Congbul? And I know most place would not have serve me Shabu Shabu if I dine alone..since most of the places I went you need to order at least 2 portions...

Congbul is a mixture of vegetables especially bean sprouts, pork or squid, served on a flat iron plate.. mixed with noodles and rice? Sadly you need to order at least 2 portions.. so I just watch others eating that or a Shabu Shabu, while I slurping on 

Korean Seafood Noodle ($6.99)
- Extra Spicy Please... the waiter asked me twice if I am sure... Yes Please
- The menu said it is ""Home Made"" Noodle... but did they make it here? or they get in from somewhere... the noodle is surprising cooked al dente with a great bite!
- The broth was spiced with Thai Chili... and this really reminds me of Tom Yum Soup with a little sourness
- Squid, Shrimp, Bay Scallops and mussels, the squids tasted the best!

The banchan is a little disappointing! They don't even give me any Kimchi??! No Kimchi in a Korean Restaurant?!!!

Lunch Specials for their Shabu and Congbul. Most of the other items starts from $6.99... pricing are quite reasonable. 

They accepts Visa and Master Card."
"This Shoppers Drug Mart at 9th line and Hwy 7 is the one that I frequent most often out of all the Shoppers in the area. Why?? Because it is open 24 hours. 

The shelves here are always stocked and I love their beauty department here.

Again Nothing beat their opening time! Since you never know when you feel like shopping or pick up some milk and ice cream in the middle of the night!"
"Always good to enroll in Avis Preferred as one can jump the line and get service right away at the counter. 

I would say the service was quite slow at this location vs others I had been to. Even with all my information on file, it took over 15 minutes for the whole rental procedure. 

The rental car was ok. I got what I paid for. 

The selection of cars in this location is quite good with a lot of European cars available if you want to get into a BMW. And of course, the SUVs are popular choice here if you want to drive that up all the Mountains!"
"Kiko Cafe is a Hong Kong Style cafe that just opens up in the same plaza as Michael-Angelos. 

Typical as the tables are so close together that's not much privacy as I can almost hear everything everyone in the restaurant are talking about. Noise level here is unbelievable high even with the place is not even half full. 

Two TVs showing sport channels.. And is licensed.. Maybe it can be a sport bar but it closes early at 10 pm. At least I know I won't be watching the Leafs here tonight. 
Afternoon Tea Set starting at 2:30 pm and with All Day Specials offers plus Daily Specials on the wall. 

French Toast Cube with Milk Tea ($4.50) is really tasty. All these deep fried goodness drizzled with condensed milk on top. 

Not too many healthy options but it is after all not really a healthy choice to eat at Hong Kong Style Cafe after all. 

I will definitely give Kiko Cafe another try for lunch.. Cannot resist a lunch Special."
"All these yelpers talking about macarons and how great they are.. I decided to give it a try!

I have been in Time Square a few times, Ruelo never seems to open when I was there! There are no sign of business hours displayed so I don't know when they are open.

Finally my patience paid off. After having a quick lunch around 12:30 pm and I walked by the dark looking store, a girl just came out and unknocked the door. I was jumping for joy.. I think I freaked her out.. how can someone be so hyper and excited even before eating all these sweets!

There are fortunately or unfortunately only have 5 favours of their famous macarons in the displayed case. I decide to pick up 4 of the favours expresso, chocolate, raspberry and lychee each. The girl behind the counter was a little confused about which favour is which and she was looking at the chart...... hmmm

BTW, they are not cheap! $2.25/$2.50 each depends on the favour. The taste is so rich! A little too sweet for my taste, but it will go well with coffee without sugar or dark tea!

I have to say I enjoy the Lychee favour the best! Maybe it is not as sweet and heavy as the chocolate one! 

I will definitely be back to pick up more macarons and try out other favours (wasabi??)! And not to think about calories! 

Ruelo is definitely a nice little cake shop to satisfy your sweet teeth!"
"This Sugar Marmalade is small and busy. It was packed on a Friday afternoon around 3 pm when I dropped by. I would go somewhere else on weekend as this is not worth the wait for more than 10 minute.

Menu is identical to other locations. I always love all the choices and their specials which are seasonal. Making a choice what to order can be quite a challenge. But I suggest if you are in a rush and the restaurant looks busy, do yourself a favor, order something that has component that is simple and could be put together quickly. The wait for cooked food/or cooked when order can be long.

I usually order something with Durian inside. Durian with Black Glutinous Rice ($6.99) Though the portion is small but tasted so good.

Will return if the place is not busy."
"Bannock has a great location, right at the corner of Bay and Queen, serving Canadian Comfort Food.

What would be consider as Canadian National Food? According to Wikipedia: Poutine and Butter Tarts.

Does Bannock's menu reflect that theme? Certainly!

I ended up ordering:

Roast Duck Poutine Pizza ($15)

I got to have a taste of:

Boneless Back Rib Burger ($15)
BLT Bannock ($13)
Mac n Cheese ($13)
Peppered Flatiron Steak ($25)

I got to share:

Canoe Firweed Butter Tart ($8)
Warm S'mores Pie ($8)
Sour Cream Donuts ($8)

I found most of the entrees were really salty and nothing good enough to make me feel like I need to come back again!

Desserts though a little overpriced for what we got, but are quite solid. Dumbing sweetness, heavy and creamy.... these are the comforting factors!

Service was excellent and the space is cool...

I cannot say I experienced better...nor I am a fan of Bannock! So I found the experience A-OK!"
"This review is based on Early Bird Dim Sum Experience.

$3.20 for Small/Medium/Large before 11:00 AM is a good price as the ingredient is fresh, portion is decent and service is excellent.

We ordered a few things to share which were all well executed aside from Cake of Shredded Turnip which I didn't like.

Not too busy during weekdays so I can really enjoy my dim sum brunch like a retiree."
"Oysters!! Oysters!! Oysters!!

Diana's Seafood now has its own restaurant serving their customers what they have been famous for all these year.... Awesome oysters and fresh seafood.

Diana's Oyster Bar and Grill is located in the same plaza right in front of their retail complex... Nice patio overlooking Lawrence...The decoration is surprisingly plush and chic with a lot of brushed silver... compare to the simple box like exterior!

Friendly waiter recommended Cotuit ($3.25), Kusshi ($2.50) and Lucky Lime ($2.90) to warm us up for lunch... Fresh oysters.. so tasty... too bad is not $1 each I can eat 2 dozen no problem..

For Main I decided to make my lunch date to share his Lobster Club ($14), while I make him eat my Halibut Sandwich ($15). I love my Halibut Sandwich while I think his Lobster Club is so so....Halibut is nicely done with Fresh basil pesto and panko crust...VS the mayonnaise based for the Lobster Club.

Services is excellent... the waiter checked on us numerous of time and making sure that everything is OK.

I wish they have Happy Hour? Maybe they will one day.... Oyster Happy Hour!

PS don't ever order any NON seafood items in a Seafood Restaurants... My side salad that replacing the fries was one of the worst salad I have... it was like one of those leftover package salad that marked down in the supermarket....."
"Super friendly staffs!! The lady kept asking me if I would try a piece of their carrot cake.... until I gave in.. 

I love the rustic country style vibe of this bakery. I cannot stop myself from inhaling all this wonderful smell of carbs... sweetness... 

Varieties of Muffins: Flax seed, Whole Wheat, Multi Grain, Pumpkin Seeds.........which to pick?? 

Frozen food and soup also available. 

Good thing now Reesor Farm Kitchen is open year round instead of Reesor Farm Market which has a bakery section but only open seasonally!"
"Make a Reservation! 

I am so impressed with how Kingyo handled my reservation. My table was ready exactly the time I reserved: Saturday 8:30 pm. 

Service was attentive and courteous. The vibe was buzzing and full of energy but a lot more quieter than Guu.

Food wise, I was not as impressed. Everything was a little off in taste. A little too bold and overwhelming in some.

We ordered:

Vancouver famous chef Sada's Sea Urchin Shooter ($7.80)
- Love the presentation 

Goma Ramen Salad with Spicy Cod Roe ($7.80) 
- meh! The sesame oil overpowered everything and ended up being a little heavy as a salad

Stone Bowl Seafood Sea Urchin Don ($13.80)
- I have high expectation, maybe a little too high...
- Or I prefer my Urchin raw, fresh from the shell

Eel Puff Pastry ($10.20)
- I like the puff better than the eel stuffing and I love eel
- The filling just way too salty

I will give Kingyo another try when I am in the area. Nothing really wow me. Maybe other items on the menu are much better?!"
"The Loaded Dog is a really decent neighbourhood sport bar!

23 HDTVs for all the sport fans and game specials ($11 for a lb of wings and tall ball) ! Definitely better than watching a game at home!

The decoration is quite nice, modern and clean!

The beers on taps are a little boring but at least have Creemore, Rickard's and Moosehead aside from Budweiser and Coors Light..

Services is nice and friendly. Though we didn't order any food, the menu seems to be reasonably priced with the usual pub food.

They do have a stage set up across from the bar area for Karaoke.."
"Lunch Specials Mon to Friday till 3 pm for $6.99 at Tian Xin Place which is a Chinese restaurant that specialized in Shanghai cuisine. 

Their lunch specials though has a lot of selections but they are really all an entree that comes with a bowl of rice and a choice of soup or soy drink. 

I should have ordered the dumplings and other shanghai dim sum... but since I could never resist lunch specials I decide to try:

Fish Filet with Sweet and Sour Sauce and their hot and sour soup ($6.99) was disappointing... As there were more batter than the fish filet itself. OK my mistakes to order this as there are 16 other choices to choose from in their lunch menu....

I might come back and try out their dim sum... and definitely would not be ordering any Fish Filet with Sweet and Sour sauce again!"
"They are CLOSED!

I have to say I have the most disappointed dinner at Lemongrass yesterday night!

We order the 2 set dinners ($9.99), one with spring roll/BBQ Chicken/Pad Thai, one with spring roll/curry chicken/fried rice.

The BBQ chicken was more like deep fried chicken, the skin was all burnt, the curry chicken has so many little bones inside in the curry and meat was really dry.

The only good thing was the spring rolls, which were freshly prepared!

The restaurant suppose to close at 11 PM and they were mopping the floor while we were eating at 9:45 or so??!!! I don't really like the feeling that the waitstaffs are cleaning up the place with a mop and then turned around to the kitchen and served me my food! Gross!!

Sigh..."
"Compares to the Saks Food Hall downtown, this is way smaller with limited offering. However it is still fun to browse around looking at high ended groceries and condiments!

You can pick up a coffee or even an alcoholic beverage at the Champagne Bar. They do offers drinks special and daily food special.

A good alternative compares visiting food court if you looking for a pastry or dessert and even a drink!"
"I really duck this place! Local Naturally Raised Duck right in my backyard!

Duck everything! All their body parts fresh, chilled, frozen, seasoned, marinated or just plain. Rendered duck fat.. Yes Please!

What if you are not a good cook? Then just get the smoked duck breast ($7), all you need to do is defrost and serve! Voilà!! 

And if you want something more fancy, I would suggest the fresh duck liver. (recipe available in store or online)

For the ultimate head to toe and more, you can get 100% duck dirt compost made from duck ""waste"". Now even your garden would have thank you.

King Cole Duck is really the one stop store for the duck lovers. Drop by if you are in the area and get inspired!"
"Dumplings! Dumplings! I love Dumplings!

Arrived on a Sunday early evening for dinner.. The place is small and packed! We waited around 20 minute for a table for 2. The waitstaffs are really efficient to let us order our food while we were waiting so our food just appeared right away when we got seated!!

I found the prices here are really reasonable. We ordered a Pork and Chives dumplings ($4.99), Cold Noodles ($5.99),  Beef Brisket Noodles ($5.99) and Garlic vegetables ($6.99).

It is fun to watch those ladies making the dumplings right in front of my eyes! Even they make the wrapping skin! The dumplings tasted really good! Not Salty! with a lot of soup inside and the skin is nice and thin... (YUMMMMMMY)

The Cold Noodles is just average! The soup based not sweet and sour enough. However, it is so nice and refreshing to have it on a Hot Summer Day!

The Veggie dish is excellent value! It taste as good as the $9.99 one that charged at 369 Shanghai Restaurant! 

I will definitely skip the Beef Brisket Noodle! Don't order it! You will be so disappointed! The little piece of brisket and the soup both does not have a lot of flavour! OK! It is more like no flavour! And no amount of hot sauce can ever save this! It is one of the time, I wish the food is smaller, since we hate it! 

I will definitely be back again for some more dumplings!!

The service is fast and efficient! Just get your food and eat it fast and get out quick!

Cash Only!"
"Balzac's Coffee Roastery yes is oh so neat!

I was so in awe when I see that huge chandelier right when I step inside the shop... (Phantom of the Opera Style! :P) Hey I even have the urge to just jump and swing on that! (Must me from the sugar overloaded from Soma earlier!)

The rustic design, the huge mirror behind the espresso bar gave me a sense I been transferred back to the Western Salon... hey where are those cowboys!

Upstairs though is a totally different theme of space. More relax and more artsy and more quiet!

This place was so busy on this particular afternoon and the line up for a chance to purchase a cup of coffee was just too long! 

I guess I have to be back again to try out their coffee. But the uniqueness in the set up and decoration of Balzac's Coffee Roastery does worth a repeat visit!"
"I walked into Kitchen Stuff Plus with no intention of buying anything. I have no intention of buying anything. I have everything I need. Wrong!

I just couldn't take my eyes off that French Press, 50% off! Perfect! Just perfect for me!

But I don't need ANYTHING? I guess I need something after all!

I think I don't need anything! I think  I have everything! Until I walked into Kitchen Stuff Plus!"
"This is one of the better Pet Valu's location I have been.

If you come here, don't expect to find any cheap toys for your dogs as now they only carries the non toxic, eco-friendly and environmental-friendly toys... this is a good sign...

For dog and cat food, the selections may not be as good as some of the Global Pet Store I been to, but most of the products here are the higher end or holistic brands.

Staffs are friendly and helpful. The merchandises are all organized and priced clearly, so no surprises when you cashing out!"
"Pho Nhi, the newest Vietnamese restaurant that opened at this location that numerous failed.

The menu is similar to other Vietnamese restaurants  with mainly noodles and rice dishes, good for casual meals.

Pho Special ($7.25) has a good amount of meat but not too filling as a small. I might need to order at least a medium next time. The broth has a really nice complex aroma of herbs but can be hotter. 

Iced Vietmanese Coffee ($3) was nice and strong. 

Service extremely fast, efficient and polite.

Parking always been an issue for this plaza."
"Lunch Special at Gourmet Gringos Kitchen is definitely a good deal. Specialty Taco Combo for $10.95 includes 2 tacos, a huge bag of house made tortilla chips and a drink.

I love how my Baha Fish and Shrimp Tacos were both made when ordered. Toppings were both generous but I would just order 2 of those beer battered mahi mahi tacos instead of shrimp. Fish taco was surprisingly sizable and made a finger licking messy eat.

Food truck to a real restaurant and I think Gourmet Gringos Kitchen must be doing quite well. I remembered the first time I had their Mahi Mahi tacos at Nuit Blanche 2012 and they were amazing but the dine in fast food experience just feel so boring?! 

Still Gourmet Gringos Kitchen is probably one of the best option for tacos in the area. I will come back again for lunch."
"This review is based on my Happy Hour experience at The Greenhouse Tavern.

I really enjoy sitting at the bar drinking some HH special and munching on Crispy Chicken Confit Wings ($9). Service was fast and friendly. 

I am though a little confused about why the wings is called ""crispy"" wings? Their saltiness though was a perfect match for beers.

Love the deco and the vibe of the restaurant itself and will consider coming here for dinner next time when I am in town!"
"Torrance Medical Pharmacy is not another drugstore or pharmacy.

At first I thought it is a Walk In Clinic with a pharmacy and just serving patients with prescriptions. 

Torrance Medical Pharmacy is really more than that as it  specialized in customized medication compounding. 

""Customized medication compounding is the mixing of drugs or chemicals to fit the unique needs of a client. This may be done for medical reasons, such as to change the form of a pill or a tablet to a liquid or a trans-dermal patch, to avoid a non-essential ingredient that the client is allergic to, or to obtain the exact dose needed."" 

They have in house doctors that provides consultations, allergy testing and Metabolic balancing and overall wellness.

The staffs here are cheerful and willing to answer questions. So if you have special needs or you think you have allergic to certain over counter cream or medications, this would be the Clinic I would suggest you to go to!

*http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compounding#Patients_with_unique_or_unusual_medication_needs"
"I have been going to Big Mouth Kee for years! It used to be one of my favourite Chinese restaurants in the area because you can get decent food with good prices.

However, I have not been going there as often because with the better restaurants that has been popping up in the Richmond Hill area, Big Mouth Kee has not improved at all, in fact it is going downhill...

We went there for dinner on a Sunday evening. The place was not packed at all. We got seated quickly. Though the seats are not the comfy one, as  it tried to imitate the feel of food stalls back in Hong Kong.

There are so much choices in their menu! We decided on the Wonton Chicken Soup, Garlic with Beef and shredded duck with lettuce wrap.

I found everything so salty, so oily and full of MSG! The soup has so much oil floating on top and the beef was deep fried then stired fried! The lettuce that provide a few of them when turning colour!

The only thing I really enjoy was the free dessert: tofu pudding! Yes the tofu pudding saved the meals! At least it was not salty or oily and has no MSG!

There were a lot of tables ordering the fresh seafood from the water tank... BTW, a pound of Vancouver red shrimp cost $26! And all they did was steamed them and give you some chilli soy sauce!

I have to agreed with Reuben Z that this place is not really clean... is it how the street stalls suppose to be? :)

If I come back again, I will make sure I request less salt and less oil when I order my dishes.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard! No Debit!"
"I think I am breaking down! I think I am getting weak! I don't believe I have some Popeye's Fried Chicken spicy and loved it! Tomorrow I need to go to Bikram class in order to get rid of that piece of chicken!

The Toonie Tuesday $2.69 for 2 piece of dark meat chicken is within my cheap cheap lunch budget and I love dark meat. The chicken did passed my greasy test since I ate them 15 min after I order and the paper tray still not greasy at all.. That is a good sight.

The batter here has a little spice on it not overspicy, a little crispy and the inside is still quite juicy.

I prefer this much better than KFC.

I just ate the small drum stick piece and gave the big piece to my coworker to eat and she enjoyed that too!! 

The service here is quick and efficient!"
"There are no turning back after visiting Bergo Designs! 

Love all the European designed kitchen wares that is so chic, a piece of art and yet so functional! Stainless Steel... oh yes......... 

Some of the smaller items are quite affordable to get for your beloved as a nice gifts... or as wedding presents... I don't mind to be that beloved! :P 

I hope my dog is not putting that designer doggie bowl $106 on his Christmas wish list!"
"Bagel Nash not open sells Bagels... but a lot of other baked goods and sweet!!

Cookies.. Cookies... 
Pastries...Almond and Raspberry Jam filled Pretzels... 

Cookies are 80cents each... which I enjoyed over a cup of coffee...

Staffs are friendly and nice... can't wait to try out more of the other desserts and pastries next time!"
"I love how Cafe Princess set up with all those comfy sofas that you can be so relax slipping your coffee, chatting up with some friends or just doing nothing but enjoying the atmosphere of a ""tea room""....
4 Stars

Aside from that, the cakes and pastries here becomes an afterthought... don't expect them to make you ""wow"" and want more! They tasted like some supermarket brought super sweet factory made cakes.
2 Stars

I have to say the waitstaffs here are all young and pleasant to look at.. :) even the male ones...
3 Stars"
"With all these anticipations and excitement of Target opening up in the area, I finally able to visit my first Target Stores outside of the States.

Definitely much better than the previous Zellers! Interesting selections in Electronic and House ware department and even with some higher end products compare to Walmart.

The store was not busy at least when I was there on a weekday evening.

The only complaint I have is there are so many shelves that are empty because the items were sold out and had not been restocked. And of course those are the items that I would like to buy....

This location though is quite small so might not have as many items as the bigger Targets.

They don't accept AMEX?!"
"I always feel good about myself when I am purchasing products similar to what Mad Mexican offers:

- prepared in Canada
- ingredients locally sourced
- All Natural with no Preservatives
- Handmade

And if you have special dietary requirments, you should know that all their products are Gluten Free

Their Salsa Verde is one of the better ones I had in Toronto as it has a strong taste of cilantro... which I love. 

You can found their products in most of the better food stores in the GTA area like Pusateri's and McEwan!

Can I just served it and pretend I made it? :)"
"This is not my usual Global Pet Foods store but I was glad I dropped by during Black Friday Weekend. Oh maybe it was my dog that was glad I dropped by??

Quite a few dog treats were going on for sale at 50% off or BOGO! Great time to stock up on some!

The only complaint might be the lack of pricing on some of the dog food?? I usually like to know the price or if there's a special on some of food I purchase frequently.

Staff is nice and friendly. There was a little dispute over the wording of the sale, but all sorted out when I ready to pay!"
"Since Mark and Spencer left Canada, I have not seen any  place like Mrs Bridges' British that carries all the British treats, condiments and anything that you can think of that you can eat that is British!

Frozen Haggies in all sizes.. Yorkshire meat pie... Irish bread... Scotland bread...shortcakes... fruit jams..and more!

Oh those Rowntree's fruit gum and pastilles , Polo mints really bring back childhood memory.. my favourite English candies when I used to eat all the time....

Prices on the pricey side compare to getting local products but think of they are all shipped from overseas and how high the GBP are!"
"Easy Drink Easy Go at Bridlewood Mall. I kind of welcome this new clusters of Asian Eatery as one can have lunch/dinner then pick up a drink to go.

Mandarin speaking staff was really welcoming. 

Creamy Snow Cap Matcha was made well and not powdery. 

I wish they have more specials thus encourage me to try more of their other drinks.

Vicinity Reward program participant buy 10 get 1 free."
"Wilensky's is definitely worth visiting for the nostalgic factor. Opens since 1932 and still family own and run by the Wilensky's!

And of course we need to order their famous SPECIAL ($3.90)! which is a grilled beef salami and beef bologna sandwich with mustard on a kaiser roll, pressed flat from the grill!

As the sign in the restaurant announces:

""When ordering a Special,
you should know a thing or two.
It is always served with mustard;
it is never cut in two.
Don't ask us why; just understand
that this is nothing new.
This is the way that it's been done
since 1932.""

So we ended up having our own SPECIAL since it is the way it has to be and luckily I love mustard!!

The Special is great for a snack and it is so hot!! So be careful when you bite into it!

The made to order fountain drinks with quite a few different flavours: even a chocolate one!! definitely worth ordering and believe me would go well with your sandwich!

No tips necessary but if you do, it will be put into donation box for the Heart and Stroke Foundation! So do leave whatever change you want to on the counter!

."
"Every neighbourhood does need a family runned greasy spoon that serves homemade comfort food. Leonard's Family Restaurant is the one to go in Leaside.

All Day Breakfast are served here so you can have your brunch anyday of the week..sleeping in and enjoy your breakfast/lunch whenever! 

The decoration here is simple and functional! Service is quick and fast! 

Egg Benedict Turkey Sausage with Coffee/Tea ($8.35)
- Egg nicely cooked when ordered.. nice and runny...
- creamy and buttery hollandaise sauce was not bad... just a really light touch
- Turkey sausage I would have skip that! not really crazy about processed meat.. But it was fried nice and moist and have great bite

Western Omelette with Coffee/Tea ($8.95)
- A-OK... has a lot of flavour
- chucks of onion, green pepper and ham 

Both served with home fries = potatoes cut into irregular pieces.. as home made as one can get!

Menu is simple and serving comfort food... just like what you or your mama will make at home!"
"This is for sure if you want a quick fast lunch!

I usually order the same thing.. the wonton and beef with rice noodle. 

This is a good place if you don't want to look at pages and pages of menu in order to decide what you want to eat. Since they only serves wonton/ fish ball/ beef, with rice noodles/noodles/vermicelli or no noodle. in soup or no soup with oyster sauce.

The wontons are big with all shrimps no fillings... so if you loves shrimps you will enjoy that!! 

I love the hot chilly sauce a lot though!! I think I am here to eat the chilli sauce instead of the wonton...

A word of warning, if you come during busy lunch hour that is weekdays and weekends, you will have problem to find parking! and you will has to share table with others when it is busy. (And you never know you are sharing a table with me!!)

BTW, don't even think about lingering for a little R&R after you finished eating. Your bill is placed on your table right after you order and you has to go and pay at the cashier...and the efficient wait staffs would has cleaned out your bowels and plates the minute you finished eating!"
"I love the set up of Kookminhakgyo! Those round tables though small but just so cute and even function as you can put your belongings in the compartment of the seat.

The menu is quite flexible as you can order one person portion as this maybe the only Korean BBQ in the area that would let you do that VS minimum 2 portions as most others.

Waitress is friendly and so efficient!! They monitors every single table and makes sure we know how to BBQ correctly. There is even a system of how to put all the banchan, soup, lettuce and everything so they would fit into the small table area. I got in trouble because I don't like to have my food be placed on top of one of the seats.......

Portion wise if you are a big meat eater, you will find it just not enough. My Yelp friend can eat 2 portions all by himself and still be hungry...... I love the steamed egg, so fluffy and delicious!! The cut of meat is of good quality.

Great place for some authentic Korean BBQ experience!!"
"Good Bye Funky Munky Cafe!

It was such a privilege that you were in my neighbourhood though it was just for a short 2 years.

You were just so different and so Funky compares to all the other franchise coffee shops in the immediate area. I could see that all the students from the nearby High School loves all your drinks and always have a good time!

Good luck with your future venture! And I hope to spot your Funky pick up truck again somewhere soon."
"It was a cold winter day! Walking south from Dundas West Station.. I know I need a coffee.. I need somewhere warm...NOW!

Then I saw Starbucks.....right at the corner of Dundas and Roncesvalles...

I realized that it used to be a bank when I saw the built in vaults in one of the walls... and in fact this building used to be Bank of Montreal!

The place though quite small but at least I find a table near an electric outlet.. 

I probably won't be back to this Starbucks next time when I am in the neighbourhood as there are quite a few indie coffee shops just south of it along Roncesvalles...."
"Dazzling Cafe is great for get together especially on a weekday when it is quiet. 

Selections of drinks are interesting and they are all photogenic if you are into food photography. Taste wise is so so and overpriced as it is. 

We shared a Strawberry waffles. I found the dough too heavy. The creamy is too thick for my liking. But it is nicely presented and pretty for the photo.

The cuteness factor might at least worth a visit. I do like the bunny theme, but I am a little bias."
"Nova Era Bakery
O Cantinho Bakery
Vannis Ristorante
Ellington's Music Cafe
Mi Tierra Restaurant
B
E
R

Mi Tierra Restaurant is our Fifth Stop for our November Crawl!

There is still hope to find some Authentic Colombian and Latin American Food in Toronto! Mi Tierra gave me hope.... As I tasted their Hot Sauce which was so spicy...hot...and left me with this burning sensation!

Sancocho ($5.99) -  A traditional Latin American soup, made with chunks of beef, green plantain and casava
- Really light and tangy broth

Arepa con Sausage ($4)
- One of the best Arepa and Sauage I ate in Toronto to date!
- moist and have wonderful bite and so flavourable

Bandeja Tipica ($11.99)  - A traditional Colombian dish of grilled beef, beans seasoned with sauteed tomatoes and maduro (fried plantain) chicharron (bacon) and rice topped with a fried egg
- I felt I might be in a food coma if I ate the whole plate by myself
- Fried pork was fatty and tender, cripy outside and soft inside
- Steak was cooked well, marinated with just the right flavoured and not overcooked or dry at all!

Brevas Con Queso ($3.50) - Figs And Cheese 
- Traditional Colombian dessert
- Figs and Cheese never my first choice for dessert but it was surprising good!

Mi Tierra's decor is loud, colourful and right in your face! The waitresses are friendly and smiley. I really felt like I was dining in one of those little family restaurants in Central America!

NEXT!"
"Queen's Quay Terminal  though feel a little touristy... but it is a neat place to hang out, browse around the shops and daydreaming looking at Lake Ontario during the Hot Days of Summer! 

Great choices of beverages... you can either have a Tim Horton Ice Capp or Ice Cream or a Pint on the Waterfront Patio or a Well Crafted Cocktail lounging at one of those comfy loungers or have some dim sum or fast food at the food court!

Or go cheap and just bring an empty water bottle and fill up at one of the water fountains inside the complex!! 

There is also the Museum for Inuit Arts, the glossy white deco does make one feel refreshing when the sun is beaming on us! Free admission on the day I was there!

Why I ended up here? As usual waiting for my Yelp Drinking Buddy who not sure when he would make his appearance... oh he never wear a watch??"
"Lunch Specials at Wakame Sushi are cheap starting from $5.95.

Will I come back again? Not really!!

Narrow driving lanes and crazy drivers that doesn't follow the one way directions doesn't help with the experience.

Sushi Combo 4 ($7.50)
- The shari rice was done quite good
- The California Roll was A-OK!
- The Nigiri sushi though really disappointing! Fish was sliced so thin and have the tuna looks frightfully red and the rest of the selections were kind of dry

Services though were fast and efficient! 

I can definitely practice my Mandarin here as staffs were talking loudly to each other in the language.

AYCE during lunch is $12.95. I definitely going to pass on the offer!"
"Why I give this Starbucks a 4 star?
 
- great friendly service with a smile
- tons of seatings
- tables not set up too closely together
- those armchairs just look so comfy!
- and thanks for not having music too loud...

They have their outside seating set up already on this balmy spring like day... spring is in the air!"
"It might sounds strange.. But I have been waiting for Tilted Kilt to open for months! And I was glad they finally open for real.

I am not here for the girls and I know it is just a little awkward for them to wear that ""uniform"" for work that makes Moxie's waitress uniform looks conservative. But the draft beer selection is the best in the area.

I don't mind being surrounded by monitors of all sizes and I do enjoy watching sport games with a beer or 2 with friends.

Suggestion: They really need written down list of what beers they have on draft on a chalkboard or whatever. This is just not professional when the wait staff does not even know what they have?!

I will be back for a drink for sure and maybe even try out some of the food. 

BTW, there are also some waiters in kilts too but nothing compare to what the waitress are wearing..."
"I drove by Poorani Vilaas an Indian takeout joint almost everyday after work, sometimes even after 9 PM. This place is still open and looks busy. 

I finally went in and check it out this afternoon, since I have no time for a sit down lunch and takeout seems like a much better idea.

When I entered the store, I was greeted warmly.. but I really have no idea what should I get and what tastes good! I think eat in an Indian restaurant once in my whole life time.

Thanks for the lady at the counter being so helpful. Answering all my questions! Since none of the items are labelled.
 
""What is that?"" ""What is this?""
""It is spicy?"" ""It is sweet?""
""What's inside?""
""How does it taste like?""

Even when she told me what that is, I am still not sure.... 
She was really nice offer to let me tast the yellow looking rice (which is really spicy fried rice with chicken) and a pastry like mini donut thing that is salty...(I still not sure what that is) If I can taste everything  :)!

Anyway, I decide with Biryani (chicken fried rice), 1 chicken curries and 2 Vaaipan (brown baseball looking thing, she told me is sweet with banana inside). The meal also comes with a tomato salad full of chilli pepper, yeah!!!

I have to tell you the food is really good. Spicy enough that I don't need to add anymore hot sauce. But the smell is really strange, the whole office ask me what I am having for lunch!

All the prices includes taxes. 

I would definitely go back and try out other items they offer.  

Excellent services, clean environment and friendly staffs!"
"This theatre is really convenient if you want to do some shopping and watch a movie then go for a drink after.

Located inside Scarborough Town Centre making parking a little challenging at almost all times. 

The theatre itself is quite standard."
"The price is good! All the orders comes with free soy milk.

I usually has the fried noodles/rice or the wonton noodle soup.

There are pictures on the wall that are showing you what exactly you going to get, take out all the guessing work!

The dishes are not too good.. all the stired fried has tons of green/red pepper as fillings and hardly has any meat/seafood in it! I would suggest to stay away from that!

It is in the food court in the Oriental Mall."
"This is one of the worst vietnamese Pho place in the area!!

Please don't bother going there!

Nothing is good there...(at least all the dishes I ordered!) And from my previous reviews you can tell I am not too picky!

There are so many different restaurants choice in this plaza... you will be happy you did not come here!"
"A group of Yelp Yogi were planning an UYE: Yoga in the Park with Brunch. We couldn't decide which Park to go.... and as Yelpers a strange group of people, we decide to held the event at Trinity Bellwoods Park out of all the Parks in the downtown Core area and it was a big success.

A park is a park is a park... There are trees, benches, grass, play area... but TBP has so many good eating places within walking distance!! I am saying cafes right across the street! Brunch places that are decent that it will take me a couple of months to go through them all!?!!

Since our event was at 11 AM so mostly families and people jogging in the Park.... It was so good practice yoga underneath the warm sun and with the fresh air...........

When are we going to do that again so I can hit another brunch place or two!!"
"This hr2 Holt Renfrew is relatively new inside Vaughan Mills. I like the new rebranding a lot more than their old store Holt Renfrew Last Call http://www.yelp.ca/biz/holt-renfrew-last-call-concord 

The store colour theme is way more cheerful and youthful. The set up is more classy vs a thrift store like vibe before. The merchandise is a lot more organized and there are also more staff on the floor helping customers if needed.

Season ended sale with 25% extra off the lowest price is pretty good deal that worth checking out.

If you are looking for designer brand name, you won't be disappointed."
"Bayview Cake and Pastry is a really small bakery with limited selections of Chinese buns and sweet. 

Most of the buns cost $1 each with some traditional choices and western/chinese fusion.

They also has a limited menu for a light breakfast and lunch, probably trying to attract the lunch crowd from the school across the street.

The interior is clean and bright with white shiny deco."
"Craft Beer Galore!!

I did not expect much when I walked into this LCBO. It is in Scarborough and not an area that has a huge craft beer followers. Usually at LCBO around here, the shelves are stocked with mainstream beers with a few craft. But this location has the most craft beers I seen in any stores in Scarborough!

Whole line of Grand River, Beau's, Great Lakes, Big Rigs, Trafaglar, Cameron. And even King Street Saison from Block 3! 

Deciding what to get was not easy as there are so many of them I want to try! 

And I know I will be back for more!"
"Eglinton Square Shopping Centre has the basic needs if you live in the area, To name a few:

Metro - 24 hours supermarket for your grocery needs
Shopper Drug Mart  
The Bay 
Coles - got my 2011 Yoga Dog Calender for $5!
Library
Doctor's offices - dentist, family and optometrist
Numerous smaller business and services for everyday needs

Most of the shoppers for this Sunday afternoon are locals, older couples and familes. The younger crowds probably at the bigger mall like Fairview or Scarborough Town Centre.. but Eglinton Square does serves the local residents well especially on this rainny chilly afternoon so they can come and pick up some small things for themselves or do some Christmas shopping in a more relax environment!"
"Super Taste is  in the same food court as Gourmet Garden.

We always order the Dinner for Two for Lunch ($12.50). The portion is big, which we can share among 3 people. It comes with 2 soups and 2 steamed rice.

The chicken with fish sauce which it is famous for is always juicy and tender. And I love their stir fried bitter melon with beef too!

The prices are great for the quality and quantity of food!"
"Canton Rice Noodle is the newest Rice Roll and Congee Place that opens up in Scarborough area. Located inside the food court of Chartwell Shopping Centre right next to it's sister business Canton Kitchen.

The menu is simple with Congee and Rice Roll. I tried the Plain Rice Roll ($2.50) and love the texture and the taste! And at this price, it is quite a deal as it is perfect for an afternoon snack! The Plain Congee ($2.75) is good portion wise. But it is not seasoned at all, so make sure you add salt or order one of the other congee in the menu.

Opens at 8 am daily and as a rice roll lover, I think I will be back for more!"
"Deep Fried Pig Blood and Fish Cake? 
Deep Fried Popcorn Chicken? 

For sure you can find Taiwanese's delicacies here at Tai Ping Xiang that reminds you of your trips to Taiwan! 

The setting of Tai Ping Xiang is just so primitive... a self serve fast food place with minimum seatings to encourage you have everything to go..and their lunch boxes are designed for this sole purpose, take your food and eat them somewhere! 

The server/cashier was just so nice and friendly... I ended up letting her pick my 2 sides that went with my popcorn chicken.. 

Popcorn chicken is really crispy, really light!! and they were made to order.. not sitting under the heat lamp for anytime at all. Well seasoned with a nice peppery taste.. I have to confess ""I LOVE FRIED CHICKEN!"" and I am proud of that! 

Deep Fried Pig Blood and Fish Cakes were both A-OK!! Great snacks and with them served in cute girlie paper bag to go... make it a really Asian night market street food experience!!! 

Cash Only!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Le Modern Japanese Cuisine.

I did come here with a high expectation as my recent experience some of the newly opened Japanese restaurants has been quite good. But here at Le Modern everything is not up to par aside from the decoration.

Sushi Set ($14)  

A good shari rice is the base and most important element of sushi. The rice should be of the same quality no matter it is prepared for lunch crowd which maybe less demanding or the dinner crowd which would expect more.

The shari rice here is a complete fail: dry, hard, and chewy. The rice has no connection with the fish in the nigri sushi. Basically it is just a rice ball with a piece of fish on top with no wasabi in the sushi. They were big in a bad way as they are not bite size and fell apart when I picked up with my chopsticks.

California Roll though huge but has the same issue. Mega roll that cannot fit in one bit?

Fish was dry aside from the Salmon. Fake Crab Meat that is rock hard? AYCE cheap wasabi?

Should I comment on the complimentary soup and salad? The portion though is huge but why are you putting a spoon in my miso soup? The salad dressing is so watery and have no flavour.

So basically the food they serving here is similar to AYCE quality.

Maybe dinner is better? I am not sure if I going to waste my money to have my modern Japanese food. If they use the same shari rice to made their sushi, how can it be better?

Such a shame as the decoration here is so nice but I cannot eat that."
"I have been saving up my Opentable points for my meal at Edulis. 

I love surprises so of course I ordered the 5 Course Carte Blanche Menu ($50). Was it enough food? For me I rather have a culinary experience than just a lot of food if I do I would have go to a AYCE.

Our 5 course consisted of a mixture of fish, pork, rabbit, all prepared quite uniquely. From the light hamichi appetizer to the heavier rabbit main course. Since everything is seasonal so what I had was not really relevant as it might be totally different if I would have the dinner tonight.

The restaurant itself is small and cozy. Service is attentive and the pace is laid back. So come and enjoy good food with your friends over a glass of wine. 

Reservation is a Must! Great for Foodie Date!"
"This review of Yu Seafood is based on my dim sum lunch experience. 

Love the clean and modernized decoration. Richmond Hill definitely need a high end Chinese restaurant that would cater to those special occasions. There are quite a few private rooms of various sizes if you do want some privacy.

Love the tea selection. And for $1.50 per person it is not bad for what I am getting. At least the tea is clean and kept fresh in a vacuum sealed bag.

Dim Sum Selection is a little limited but as long as the quality is good, then I am A OK with it. They do have most of the classic and some with a little twist to the presentation. We shared:

金絲鳳尾蝦 (L) Deep Fried Shrimp with Salad Dressing - 3/5 It is more like a deep fried taro dumpling which I do like, but why the spicy mayo on top of chips as a side?
朝陽珍珠雞 (L) Chicken Duck Egg in Sticky Rice Wrap - 3/5 interesting presentation but why teriyaki sauce on the chicken? Love the crispy rice and the generous duck egg though
錦繡脆春卷 (S) Pork and Shrimp Spring Roll - 2/5 meh, pass
陳皮牛肉球 (S) Citrus Beef Ball 3/5 beef balls are A-OK, but the bitter melon was not prep properly 
錦袍燒賣皇 (L) Pork and Shrimp Siu Mai - 2.5/5 Siu Mai was really good but why were they drowned in Sweet and Sour Sauce?! 
天下第一包 (M) Almond Custard Bun - 5/5 Best item out of everything we ordered. This is really a baked bun with BBQ pork filling. Crispy top and soft bread with nice balance of sweet and savory
上等鰻魚腸 (L) Eel Rice Noodle Roll - 3/5 the Rice Roll is good but why the tofu on the side drowned in Teriyaki Sauce??
漁膳鲜蝦餃 (L) Shrimp Dumpling - 3/5 Well cooked but why the shrimps on the side drowned in Sweet and Sour Sauce??

Personally I think Yu Seafood tried too hard on presentation and being ""creative"". The kitchen has good dim sum techniques and the ingredients used were good quality. But why trying to add colour or contrast to the presentation by using cheap bottled S&S and Teriyaki sauce? By doing so, the taste of the dish itself were compromised and even overpowered by all these over saucing of interior components. 

And why those Mega plates? Those are really table wares for dinner service and they just use that for dim sum too.

Room for improvements but effort for trying. Those are minor problems that can be rectified with some minor adjustment."
"This LCBO location improves a lot since my last visit.

The beer selection is so much better now with a decent selection of local craft breweries and they have a bigger beer section too!

I might drop by here more often to browse around. But here still lack selection of unique or special imported or local beers compare to other locations!"
"One of my favourite restaurant for Curry crab! Yum Yum!

This is the sister restaurant of Saigon Star which is really famous for their curry crab. However I like the Lemongrass version a lot better! I found the Saigon Star version has this strong peanut taste, that I am not too crazy about...

All the food I ordered here are good... all the curry dishes, the noodles dishes... and for dinner they give you free dessert (yam/sago or green bean sweet soup)

The lunch set (from $5.99 7 days a week)  for sure is good deal, though the portion is smaller.. great when you on a diet :) so you can have a taste and not overeat. You can pick either the mango/cranberry juice or tea that goes with it.

The service is always good and attentative."
"Great place in the food court of Market Village if you want to get a good HK style tea or bubble tea or any of the over 50 different kinds of drinks!

They have special afternoon tea set that comes with a crepes.

Make sure you ask them for the frequent buyer's card that let you by 10 get one free.

CASH only!"
"Suliko Restaurant serves authentic Georgian food. For some one that never have this cuisine, it definitely worth a try. 

Carbs+Meat+Huge Portion

Khinakli, Georgian Dumplings definitely instagram worthy for its size. Suck out the meat juice during your first bite. Khinakli is supposed to be eaten with bare hands and the top, where the pleats meet, is tough, and is not supposed to be eaten. I found that it was super filling but lacking much seasoning. 

Crepes ""Suliko"" was well seasoned and a little roll of deep fried happiness

Special of the Day: Lamb Shank ($9.90) was tender but in a soupy tomato broth. Not much flavour and seasoning is missing in action.

I tried a few other items which were all OK aside from the Kebab which I found it overcook and dry.

Khachapuri Ajarski ($10.55) was comforting when eaten fresh from the oven with load of cheese on bread but best for sharing.

Georgian Food is simple and rustic and Suliko delivers. So if you want to experience Georgian Food, you won't be disappointed."
"Grand Chinese Cuisine is a good choice if you are in the airport area or West of Toronto.

But as someone like me that lives near Markham and Richmond Hill, I doubt I would make a special trip just to eat there.

We ordered a few dishes to share:

- Pan fried jumbo oysters with peppered honey glaze
- Zhen Jiang Spare Ribs in Cassrole ($14.95)
- Marinated Free Range Chicken
- Braised Bean Curd Sheet Rolls Topped with Egg White ($14.95)
- Pea shoots topped with shredded Conpoy and Enoki mushrooms
- Stir Fried Sticky Rice

Most of the dishes were just average and quite forgettable. I had better versions of those dishes somewhere else. Aside from the Braised Bean Curd Sheet Rolls Topped with Egg White! Love the different textures and elements. The egg white stir fried to perfection and so buttery!!

Deco is nice and service was decent. I won't expect less from a fine dining establishment."
"When I walked in to Holt Renfrew Last Call, I saw racks of clothes hanging or on the floor like it is a  flea market.... but when I check the price tags, they still $100s of dollars even at 60% off?!

Some of the items can be so outdated or I even don't know why it was priced at the regular price in the first place?!"
"Mei Chuen has been an institution for fast cheap HK style Chinese restaurant in the Scarborough area.

It is open early 8 AM and close at 9 PM. So you can go there for breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and dinner.

They have special set menu whole day long.. All of them comes with a choice of hot drinks (famous HK style milk tea is a must try, they are still served HK style in a extra thick teacup)

All the food here are ok, portions are big, the price is good and you never go home hungry!

There are daily special written on the board in the front, all written in Chinese, so you have to ask the servers about them.

You have to write your order on the order sheets that are on the table and the wait staffs will check your order and leave you a little receipt on the table. When you are done, just take the receipt to the cashier and paid there...

Not the cleanliess.. so don't be surprise! You know what I mean when you go to the washrooms and see the signs they posted there.. :)

CASH only!"
"Lunch Special from $7.99 includes a choice of drink. There are quite a few items to choose from and I did not have much expectation but was pleasantly surprised.

Beef Bowl in Japanese Style + Cold Honey Green Tea ($7.99) 
I love the Green Tea with just a touch of sweetness. The rice bowl is decent portion but may not be authentic Japanese food but will do. The pickled ginger was a nice touch and made the dish so much better.

Service was friendly and efficient. They really did a good job renovating the interior. Now it feel so much more spacious and of course the electric outlets at each of the booth seating area is definitely a welcoming upgrade.

I would come back for more lunch special for sure! And maybe some Chinese dessert too!"
"Aquarela Restaurant just looks so dark from the outside, and trust me it is much darker in the inside.

Having a drink here with the loud Latin beat music from a Live DJ does make me feel I am back on an Caribbean Island somewhere.. Unfortunately the beers here are limited to ""Canadian Domestic"" and Corona or Heineken. And I could not find my Caribe for 99 cents each!

Aquarela aside from being a neighbourhood watering hole, it also serves authentic Dominican & Latin American Cuisine. We shared:

Tostones ($3.50)
- soft and moist and addictive

Chivo a la Monte Cristi ($11.50)
- Stewed Goat in an Oregano Sauce made to a taste of Monte Cristi Served with Rice
- Goat is soft and tender and the seasoning is really subtle without being overpowering
- A popular dish in Northern part of Dominican

Mofongo ($11.50)
- Deep Fried Plantains Mashed with a House Garlic Sauce and Chicharron de Puerco Served with A Choice of Meat
- Served in a pilon (wooden Mortar) is really nicely presented
- The shrimp is on the smallish side but I do love the mushiness of the plantains and the sausage gives it an extra bite and the smokey taste

Watching reruns of the Blue Jays 1993 final games when they won the World Series while dining was just a really strange experience for me... But it can be worse, watching reruns of the Leafs 1967 when they won their last Stanley Cup!

Here at Aquarela, one can find a taste of the Caribbean. Warm hospitality, loud music, good food. If you prefer a more family environment, they do opens during lunch.."
"The smell of carbs in the air...  or it is the smell of love and care?

Hurst Bakery is such a cute country style bakery. The deco is simple and rustic but just so comforting!

Hurst Bakery has bread loaves, buns and of course SWEET! Brownies ($1.25) and Nanaimo Bars ($1.50) both were rich and smooth, great match for my morning coffee....

Staff are just so nice and friendly, just like a small town bakery should be!"
"Chic... I feel like I just stepped into the Ritz version of a library.

High Ceiling.. Grand Staircase..Armchairs...Sofa...Cozy Fireplace....Large windows....

Whitby Public Library has all the bell and the whistles and anything that I want in my dream library... I think I can even organize my ""dream"" wedding here!

The only problem is the limited number of parking spots. Only around 15 or so for a large library this size (it has more computer terminals than parking lots!!)

Of course there are some reasonable municipal parking lots right next to the library at 50 cents a hour and free on evenings, weekends and holidays."
"This Chinese Dumpling House has no relation with the 2 other Chinese Dumpling House http://www.yelp.ca/biz/chinese-dumpling-house-markham and http://www.yelp.ca/biz/chinese-dumpling-house-markham-2. Though they have the same name in English but their Chinese names are different!

Chinese Dumpling House is located in the Finch Midland Centre. Where over 80% of the business are restaurants. The price here for sure is really good! Cheap Cheap Cheap! $4.99 for 15 dumplings!

We ordered the Pork and Chives Dumplings and the sweet and spicy eggplant. I found the dumplings are really salty! The most salty ones I ever ate and the skin are really thick! They remind me of the ones I got from frozen sections in the Supermarket! The eggplant though is ok... average tasting!

Service is so so.. but if you can speak Mandarin, you will get what you want! I was lucky my dinner mate speaks Mandarin!

I don't think I will be back! There are so many better dumpling places in the Scarborough area!

Cash Only!"
"2.5 


Top 1 Seafood BBQ Bar Restaurant is trying hard and have some identity issue.

Decoration here is playful with a mix and match of Asian and European flare. 

Lighting was dark and bar like during lunch hour made me a little confused as I stepped in thinking I went to the wrong place? The lunch special menu did offered me some comfort.

3 items to choose from ($8.95 and up) or you can opt for the Mix and Match Noodle Set ($8.25).

My Cold Noodle ($8.95) comes with a gooey tofu egg drop soup, a spring salad and mango pudding. The noodle dish itself though plentiful but a little bland in taste.

Mix and Match Noodle Set is A-OK with a choice of dessert. The honey yam was meh though.

Almost all the dish has a little work of art as part of plating. They were kind of cute.

Top 1 might be one of the most lavishly decorated Chinese restaurant in the area but in a little awkward way. 

The washroom has those high end Japanese toilet seat that would do everything for you...... 

I am still little confused after my initial visit to Top 1. I am not sure if enjoy the experience or not? Would I be back? I am not sure... and confused?!"
"My Au Cinquieme Peche's dining experience is just complete opposite of Au-Pied-de-Cochon's.

I called twice regarding my reservations and my calls were always answered promptly by a nice gentleman who is exceptionally accommodating.

I love ACP already right when I walked into this cozy, rustic farm house setting... with no menu aside from what on the board. The same gentlemen being our waiter offers to take my jacket... yes please!

The vibe here is laid back and no people rushing around... the setting is intimate and quiet with mostly locals...Service is attentive and sincere... definitely not a ""tourist"" scene. I like that!

ACP's menu has limited choices but what we ordered seems to all nicely plated, prepare with care with the local ingredients.

Saumon fumé -  $11
- ""Smoking"" Salmon Sashimi nicely presented on a smoking vent

Ris de Veau (Veal Sweetbread) - $31
- Deep Fried Dumplings Stuffed Sweetbread

Cheese cake et confiture de prunes  - $8
- I never really like plums.. but this is delicious... tart of the cheesecake goes well with the light sourness of plums

The staffs are just so knowledgeable with every aspect of the menu and wine list... This is one of the time I enjoyed listening to my waiter goes on and on about the ingredients and the preparation of each dish... (the accent yes!!)

Au Cinquieme Peche is just a perfect ending to my weekend in Montreal.. and one of the place I don't mind a repeat visit... Really, they have ""seal' on the menu..."
"Kyu Shou Japanese Noodle is a place to go if you just want to stuff yourself silly with cheap food! You will be so disappointed if you are a foodie looking for a decent bowl of ramen. I have to tell you NOT to order Noodles in a ""Noodle"" restaurant!

I dropped by for lunch and this place is quite busy. Lunch starts from $5.99. If you want to try the noodle soup, you can pick from 3 kind of noodle and then pick a side order of either sushi rolls, seafood pancake, dumplings, sashimi or sushi. They all priced accordingly.

I decided on a Pork Bone Ramen + Spicy Salmon Roll for $5.99. The meal comes with bean sprouts and kimchi appetitizer. The roll arrived quickly. They taste ok.. too much sauce on top and it was rolled really loosely.. so when I picked them up with my chopsticks, they were falling apart...

The Ramen arrives around 10 minutes after. OK.. If you are a Noodle place, you really have to spend more time to learn how to make decent noodles!! The broth is white coloured and bland and tasteless! The noodles overcooked, soggy and mushy! There were these funny toppings that looks like something but tasteless.. and not even a little piece of meat......

The services was really good... even with 1 wait staff serving the busy afternoon crowds! I feel so sorry for her, running around taking orders, serving the food, filling up my tea cup without asking....cleaning tables... And all done with a smile!!

1.5 stars.

They accepts Visa and Interac"
"Mucho Burrito is a decent option if you want to have fast food and you want to eat healthy.

One can customize whatever go into their burrito and at least you can pack that with vegetables.

Medio Pan Seared Tilapia ($7.99) which I tried to load up with as many toppings and spiciness as I want was A-OK. 3 tiny piece of fish though quite pathetic. Good as a snack but for a meal? Maybe I should have just order one of the meat...

Good enough for an occasion mexician food fix up in Scarborough where Asian food rules, but I definitely have much better burrito somewhere else.

Afternoon Special $5 for 2 tacos and pop. That's sound like excellent snack food!

Do try the Death by Johnny Mega Hot Sauce! I might just come back just for that!"
"Thanks Mad Batter Bakers for providing us with so of their cookies during Yelp Pleases Your Palette Elite Event @ Paintlounge.

Oh cookies!! Both gingerbread and sugar cookies are just so good!!! Not only they are pretty, adorable and cute.. they are tasty and full of flavours.

They also have designs that fit any and every occasions! Even cookies for all seasons! 

Mad Batter Bakers turned me into a cookie monster!"
"Dinner Experience at Richlane was a disappointing 2 Star.

I would suggest just stick with dim sum especially their Early Bird and Later Afternoon Specials which I been for a few times and always been excellent.

For the Good:

- Lobster at $11.80/lb cooked whatever way requested. Lobster can be as small as 2.5 lb and that is perfect for 2 people to share (I can eat the whole thing myself)
- I received a voucher during dim sum for a free Double Boiled Shark Fin Soup with Vegetable and Chicken ($16.80). I am not into shark fin but dinner mate thought it was the best item we ate during our meal
- The dessert pastry which is complimentary were really good

For the Bad:

- I now officially ate the worse Sweet and Sour Pork in my life. So bad I feel like just ordering this dish and make the Head Chef and Head Waiter just to eat and finish this dish so they can experience the same thing. The batter was heavy and hard, the pork was just basically chunks of fat! I ate a few pieces and ended up splitting them out!
金盞紫蘿咕嚕肉 Sweet and Sour Pork w/Pineapple Served in Crispy Noodle Bowl ($13.80) did have this good presentation but avoid at all cost! Don't eat it even it is free!!
- I did tell the wait staff about my SS Pork but they kind of just brushed me off and would just let the kitchen knows.
- Food was mostly salty and loaded with MSG. I was thirsty the whole night
- One of the waiter kept swearing in Chinese behind the partition and the customers can clearly hear every words he said and Richlane supposed to be a higher end restaurant at least according to the price they are charging? 

Richlane does have a lot of potential. I sincerely wish that it has thing sorted out and the food would worth the price they are charging! For now it is a pass for dinner..."
"I really love the idea of The Relish of Chengdu: a business that replicate the cuisine of Chengdu in GTA.

The business is small with limited items available but it is just like home cooking. 

Their hot sauce is spicy with a nice flavour....

But why the 1 star? 

I got this Szechuan Cold Noodes ($4.99) and I found a piece of hair in the sealed package of noodle......"
"Firefly Seafood and Steakhouse is another Chinese-HK style restaurant at First Markham Place.

Yes price is really good... but if you come here for some good cut steak you will be disappointed! 

I cannot really expect what you get from a $9.99 set dinner!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I love the concept of a Thai Vegetarian restaurant as I love Thai food and I can come with my Buddhist and non meat eating friends..

Jean's Vegetarian Kitchen services is A+ even as a single diner on a Saturday night I feel really welcome and comfortable. The waiter is extremely kind and attentive.

Love the Pumpkin soup ($3.95).. and the nice fried shallots to be sprinkled on top before eating... hmmm really hearty with a little kick.. not too spicy... great on a cold winter night!

I was a little bit disappointed with the Pad Thai ($8.95), I found it way too oily and did not have too much complex flavour. Though it was nicely presented with chili flakes on the side... so you can adjust your own spiciness... 

For the time being it is a solid 3.5 star!"
"Claes Oldenburg's Free Stamp

Mega Size Sculptures for everyday life thing

Free to take photos

Free for all

Or as Claes said Freedom got stamped or pressed down hard?"
"Pho Dau Bo self proclaimed ""The Most Famous Vietnamese Noodle Soup"" does sounded a little cheesy... But being ""Famous"" not necessary being ""Best'? 

There are apparently 7 others location most of them in the west Hamilton, Kitchener, Brampton, Mississauga and North York. This location is the only one that in the East end of Toronto... 

The decoration is simple and a little run down.. But the place is spacious and you will not have to wait for a table ever.. I really doubt that! 

Raw Beef with Tripes Medium ($5.95) 
- Quite a good size for medium 
- Broth is hot and steamy.. perfect for the cold weather. taste wise it is A-OK 
- Noodles is the dried package type... not too badly cook.. does not have that funny taste 
- Raw Beef is really not raw... like really cook and tough, chewy and dry 

Spring Rolls ($3.75) 
- I almost want to laugh when they said their spring rolls are ""The Most Famous Spring Rolls!"" 
- The oil they were deep fried in were stale that's why they turns out to be brownish instead of golden in colour 
- The wrapping they use for the spring rolls are the Vietnamese type but the Chinese type... hmmmm 

Most of the waitstaffs here are Mandarin speaking Chinese... Efficient, Fast and Get the Job Done... Standard in most of the Chinese restaurant. 

The menu here is not totally Vietnamese food, there are quite a bit of Cantonese fare too... 

I probably won't be back as there are a lot others Pho joint that serve up much better Pho and spring rolls! 

Cash Only!"
"Papyrus, a franchise from USA just opened up their first store in the Markham area. 

Great place to pick up unique greeting cards for all occasions. There are different special moments that an Ecard or a Text is just not good enough! All the cards here are all nicely made, not like what you get in dollar store or Walmart!

They do have ""Buy 3 Get 1 Free"" specials. Definitely worth getting a few in case you forgot that special anniversaries or birthdays! 

The store is really spacious and fun to browse!"
"I have an excellent Sunday Brunch experience at O & B Cafe Grill.

Everyone here is so friendly and nice. My waitress is really cheerful and outgoing.. and gorgeous too!

FARM HOUSE HAM CRESPELLE ($14.25)
goat cheese creamed spinach & smoked ham rolled in a handmade crêpe baked in grainy mustard Béchame
- Creamy and fulfilling
- Served pipping hot from the oven, I was surprise to find out how hot it is when I tried eat a whole piece in one bite!
- The goat cheese went so well with the saltiness for the ham and a touch of sweetness in the creamy sauce
- The crepes itself is fresh, soft and with a good bite

Services is excellent. Everyone here is smiling... I guess what not to happy about on a nice day.

I will be back for another brunch or even a drink of the lovely patio!!

."
"The service here at Green Grotto Tea Room is one of the best I been to!! The waitress here is super nice and smiley!! I was offered popcorn refills and hot water refills for my own duration. 

Longan/Osman Hot Green Tea ($6.99) 
- Really Really sweet..but suppose to be healthy? 
- great as a drink for a cold winter afternoon 

I have no problem about how long I can stay or how much I need to order. I stayed here for hmmmm a couple of hours (make that 4) on my laptops writing reviews and uploading photos... Maybe because it is not busy on a Sunday afternoon?? 

The only thing is this place can get Super noisy!! There are not much privacy here. The 3 ladies next to me were gossipping for all the time I were here.. Now I know their life stories, their boyfriends, their love lives and more....... (not that I am interested!! but thanks for sharing!)"
"Ming's Restaurant is another Hong Kong Style Cafe in the Chinese plaza at Kennedy and Hwy 7.

Good thing about it is open at 7 AM for breakfast 7 days a week! OK who's in their right mind will be up at 7 AM on weekends if one doesn't need to work? I don't know.. :P

Breakfast starts at $2.50 with a sandwich and a drink.. which is A-OK for me!

Nothing great but nothing bad, that's how we like our cheap quick breakfasts to be.. and I able even pick up the bill and treat my friend!

Cash Only!"
"Ajisen Ramen, not the best and not the worst ramen. But I don't mind coming to one of the franchise once in awhile. The selection of so many different items:  ramen, rice dish, udon and snacks, They may not do everything right but at least if you are picky or with some one that is picky, you will find something to eat.

Interior is roomy and with a lot of booth seating!

Beef Spicy Ramen ($9.50) was A-OK. Noodle was cooked al dente.

Opens till 12:00 am when most of the other ramen places are closed. Great for late night snack, as it is a snack portion anyway."
"3.5 Star

Coming here on a Saturday night around 11 pm and I was expected Guu Izakaya would be packed and the restaurant was half full. We have a choice to be seat at the bar, back area, communal tables or at the patio. 

I had been to the other Guu locations and I knew what to expect: loud and cheerful service. So I was not bothered by the loud greeting and lively vibe. My only concern though is the lighting. The interior just too bright with spotlight light set up everywhere. I could barely open my eyes after a few drinks with such bright intense lighting. Please dim the light or I would be wearing sunglasses next time.

Menu is similar to Guu's Church Location. The food is Japanese pub fares with a lot of deep fried items so good to enjoy with a Mega mug of Sapporo. 

We ordered off the Daily Special menu which has more interesting items:

Pan Fried Pig Intestine
BBQ Salted Beef Short Ribs
Tako Sashimi

Nothing really wowed me but something good to snack on for late night!

I do love the Sake Mojito with GUUD! Ramune!

Will I be back? For sure especially if it is not busy and I can drop by whenever. And hopefully they would dim the light for late night Izakaya experience. Why would an Izakaya has such bright lighting? The only good thing maybe for food photo taking? At least all my photos looked great!"
"A lot of confusion at this newly opened Vietnamese and Thai restaurant Spring 'n Fresh Rolls. As I was standing near the door waiting to be acknowledged.

The feel is authentic enough as a lot of Vietnamese speaking patrons and the side veggie that goes with whatever at the next tables were the freshest I seen in GTA.

Goi Cuon Bo Ga ($5.50) Grilled Chicken Roll as a snack since I am going to have dinner in 90 minute or so was perfect.

Grand Opening Special till June 30 for dine in but you need to order $25 pre tax... I guess I need to with some one..

Cash or Interac only!"
"I wish that there are more little Japanese places like Cafe Green Tea. 

The Shrimp Tempura Soba noodle I ate here is a Foodie dream noodle. There are so many complex taste in every bite and each different items in the noodles give one different senses of adventure for your tastebuds. 

BTW, this is the only place where I been to the actual orders are bigger and more appetitizing than the photos... I could not stop smiling when the 2 older ladies at the back was so excited when they saw their XXL shrimp tempura set they ordered.

Yes I will be back... Yes I will see more noodles
Yes I think the Japanese girl server has a nice and friendly smile!

They accepts Visa and Interac!"
"3.5 Star

Dropped by for a quick drink before dinner. Bartender was really friendly and helpful: asked what I felt like drinking this moment (fruity and refreshing) and ended up suggesting I try:

Margarita de Moras Negras ($14) was balanced and delicious! I just love the Tajin (chili and salt) rim!

Chit Chat with the nice bartender a little while enjoying my drink... and I guess I would be back again to try out some items on the menu next time! Paella!!!!"
"RTA Airport Rapid Station is new and clean. It is one of the several stations that has no staff monitoring so more based on a honest system. I was surprise that being an Airport station and the beginning and end station of Red Line it would be a self served format.

I love the Airplane theme as they are kind of cute.

Great to able to catch and train in and out of the Airport to downtown from here. The train was never busy the few times we were on, so not much a problem if you have more bulky luggage."
"I almost got fooled by the name of the store. Since I am never really into wicker furniture or anything that is made of wicker, I never walk into this store till now!

Love everything here...

Coffee tables, Cabinets, Shelvings, Chairs, Stools...

The best part is the price is reasonable and the products is well made with solid wood. 

Watch out for extra discount year round on top of the sale price and the clearance area at the back for bargains,

I do love the way the store is set up. I feel like I am out for a treasure hunt!"
"Some places are not mean to dine alone. Patria is great to come with a few friends. Share a pitcher or 2 of Sangria and some Tapas.

A group of 4 shared:

Red Sangria ($33) Red wine, port, sweet vermouth, spiced poached pear reduction cloves, orange juice & pear nectar

Pan Con Tomate + Spanish Achovies ($6)

Aceitunas ($7) - House Marinated Olives

Selección De Embutidos ($16) - Iberico Lomo, Iberico Salchichon, Jamon Serrrano, Morcon Salami

Fideos Con Almejas Y Chorizo ($16) - Fideo Pasta+Clams+Chorizo+Aioli

Bistec a La Parilla Y Samfaina ($22) - Kobe Flatiron+Peas+Catalan Ratouille

Patatas Bravas Con Huevo Frito ($6) - Crispy Potato+Spicy Tomato+Fried Egg

Churros Con Dulce De Leche ($6) - Spanish Doughnuts+Cinnamon Sugar+Dulce de Leche

How's the food? It was alright. 

How's the deco? It was glorious

How's the service? It was awesome

All I remember the most was my waitress kept filling my empty glass up with more Sangria! And of course the good time with my friends."
"Circling around West Side Market looking for breakfast, my Yelp friend can have anything in the Market but he decided on K&K Bakery.

Pointing to those $2 mega sized apple fritters.

Carb heaven with just enough sugary glaze.

Go great with a black coffee.

$2 and I have a happy friend."
"I love to visit little bakeries that are runned by small business owners. Venezia Bakery is one of those.

There are tons of sweet on displayed apple strudels, cream buffs so much to choose from. There are also European bread and hot/cold sandwiches you can orderd. There are also seatings that you can relax and enjoy your food.

Can I have one custard tart.. Just one? Yes I can only afford to eat one... (I can eat 5 in one seating no problem!)

I have to agreed with the fellow yelper.. The Custard tarts tasted great...  the outside is really flaky.. not heavy has a lot of texture.

The filling is a little sweet.. but will taste great with a cup of strong coffee.

Yes the custard tarts looks burnt! Yes it is the way it supposed to be.. and it does not taste bitter or anything.

If you can put in a toaster oven for 1 minute before eating your tart.. that will taste so so so so awesome.

Interac for $10 purchase or over. If not cash ony."
"Koi Sakana had transformed to a Ramen Joint since my first to review and I am glad they are getting much better after revamping their menu to concentrate on Ramen.

No more Lunch Specials but their ramen is quite reasonably priced from $8.50.

Spicy Ramen Level 2 was quite satisfying . This may not be a ""Japanese"" owned ramen restaurant but quality and quantity both decent. Noodle cooked with a good point and the broth was spicy and rich. The most standout experience though was the friendly and attentive service.

I would be back to Koi Sakana when I have some ramen craving up at Richmond Hill. 

Cash Only!"
"I am losing count..... 

This location on the 2nd floor inside Oriental Centre has Chinese restaurants opened and closed then opened again.... Little changes with the decor or the set up, difference is just their names...

The Golden Oriental Palace Chinese Cuisine (what a long name!) has dim sum specials with S/M/L $2.30 each Weekdays from 9 AM -11 AM and 1:30 pm to 4:00 pm. 

We got here around 2:30 pm and the place was empty, aside from 3 tables.... not a good sign... This may not be the cheapest dim sum place in Scarborough but we decided to give it a try.

We ordered 6 dishes and found most of them tasted bland and just really disappointing. None of them were good enough to make me go, I will come back next time!

So there won't be a next time for The Golden Oriental Palace Chinese Cuisine... or the next time I come again it maybe under another name already!"
"Oyaji Sushi did a good job to give this location which used to be a Korean restaurant a brand new look. I love the deco and a lot of tables have partitions that give me a lot of privacy.

Lunch Special has 18 items to choose from with a good mix of Korean and Japanese dish and of course sushi and sashimi starting from $8 that includes miso soup and salad.

#9 6 pc Sushi with 3 pc of Spicy Roll and 3 pc of California Roll ($10)

Maybe because of the cold weather, I found I was still really hungry after finishing my lunch. The sushi is one of the smallest size I ate. Small piece of fish and where did they get such a small shrimp? Tuna was that funky looking pink colour. The roll though was quite good.

The side includes garden salad, seaweed salad and glass noodle salad.

Service was friendly and efficient. Either wave the staff over or just ring that bell by the table.

This review is based on sushi alone, so I will need to come back and try out other cook food option and specifically the Korean dish. Will definitely do an update after that experience."
"Hodo Kwaja is a really neat place to get all these little walnut cakes. Just love how they have the machines displayed in the front and so I can take photos of this boring young Korean male slaving over these freshly made cakes.

For $1.50/6 pieces I able to tried 3 flavours.. but I still love the traditional one with the red bean paste inside. Asian treats are always my fave because they are never overly sweet. The size is great to be ate as a pop in your mouth snacks.

The only disappointment is they are not fresh out of the oven warm, that's how I remembered from my first ever walnut cake experience in Seoul..."
"Pho Dau Bo's Pho is Not the best Pho I ever ate... but it is A-OK. 

Pho Dau Bo's is like a chain Vietnamese Restaurant which have over 11 locations.. I been to the Scarborough's location which I found it is not too good compare to this North York's location. 

It was quite quiet during evening dinner time. My Special Pho ($6) arrived in recorded time... 15 counting breaths and my bowl of goodness arrived!! Nice smelling aroma of beef...soup is quite clear but has good flavour. 

The noodle is the dried type, but well cooked and tasted decent. I like how the rare beef came out RARE!!! Thank You! 

Service is fast and indifferent... good place to a fast pho fix!"
"Great LCBO location in Richmond Hill. Right on Yonge Street with its own parking lot. 

Selections are a little limited but it never really busy... right next to The Beer Store so if you need a 24 pack for a pool party and some wine or mixer, it is super convenient!!"
"Just look at the parking lots!! Market Village VS Splendid China Mall....

I mean if you really want to have tons of parking, then comes to Splendid China Mall. 

The stores I really don't understand how they stay in business. The restaurants and the odd bubble tea places might have a patron or 2... but all the rest of the stores never have much business and some even have not regular business hours!

The sad things is Splendid China Mall has been opened for years and they are thinking about building the 2nd phase... but what in the right mind would invest here? and if no interesting stores opening up, then who is going to come to the Mall? Just a really vicious cycle......

Seriously do we need another Chinese Mall?!"
"We walked in to Cool & Simple thinking it is an ice cream parlor. Desperately looking for ways to cool down because of the hot weather during our Weekend in Montreal, Cool & Simple really did the job!

Cool & Simple is a frozen food shop where you can find everything in the freezer. This place is nice and cool. Dessert, App, Main and a lot of ready to eat items.

And yes they have ice cream and sorbet. 

The friendly staff let us sample every flavour they carries and ended up we picked up some to go to enjoy at ""home"".

Pear Sorbet tastes so good! Just like eating real iced Barlette pear puree. Pistachio ice cream has an intense nutty taste and real chucks of pistachio!"
"It is so much fun wandering around Yummy Market!

Love all these unique products they carries. I guess I know how it feels when people gets so excited shopping at T&T.

Everything here are all nicely arranged and organized. Great cheese, meat and produce department. Just love the Freshly baked bread and pastries!

I can spend hours and checking out all these imported products. 

Plenty of parking even on a Sunday afternoon! 

BTW, there is also a sit down area for Gelato and Coffee at the front entrance if you want to chill a little!

Yummy Market definitely delivers a Super Yummy experience!!"
"Koi Sakana is another Japanese Restaurant that open recently in the same plaza at Ichimoto.

Koi Sakana is not All You Can Eat, so don't come here expect to stuff yourself with all the rolls your want. But if you prefer food that is well prepared with care instead of just quantity.

Lunch Set Lunch Menu (11 am to 3 pm) at $8.95 with a choice of  salad/appetizer and one main course. I love the idea of the flexibility of the combination as I can mix and match what I prefer.

Vegetable Tempura + Assorted Sushi Set 
- Love the tempura! deep fried with a light batter when I placed my order. The veggie is sizable and the interior is still moist... 
- Sushi set with a mixture of California Roll (good) and Nigiri (so so)

The complimentary ice cream puffs were definitely enjoyable to end my lunch.

Service is excellent as I was the only patron at 2 pm on a weekday. 

Frequent lunch special offers with 9 lunch specials the 10th one will be free. I guess I will be back again for some more lunch special after my yoga class!"
"EXTRA SPICY Peri Sauce please...

I can see the look in the eyes of the staffs... thinking she is just freaking crazy and doesn't know what she is up for...

Double Leg Chicken with Spicy Fries ($9.49)
- hmmmm, juicy dark meat... tender... and SPICY! :) 
- I love how they have different level of spiciness... and the spicy has more than spicy, with a hint of sour and garlicky flavour... went well with the flamed grilled chicken
- I ended up did not have time to eat in.. so I have it for takeout the wait was about 15 minute for my lunch to be ready to go
- Spicy fries was just MEH, too salty not spicy... Skip! Maybe I should go for Spicy rice instead.

What a nice lovely family running this place!! The husband was smiling and winking  at me when he saw me taking photos of the hot sauce! :)"
"Ambrosia Natural Foods impressed me so much that I ended up buying some of their healthy snacks. 

Ok, Some organic popcorn... but it is a good start to the route of healthy living? :P No? 

Ambrosia's crackers and cookies aisle has great selections too! 

I found the prices here are pretty good and reasonable.. and I didn't faint when I try to compare to the ""regular"" food I been purchasing from the regular supermarket. 

Ambrosia Natural Foods is a must if you are into Natural Foods!!"
"A new name! A coat of new paint! Another new restaurant!

Blue Ocean Cafe Inc. is another Hong Kong Style cafe that opened 3 weeks ago. I was a little puzzled when I saw that it is serving Mediterranean and Seafood on their signage... I really not up to having any fancy lunch as I just want something cheap? Lunch Specials?

Then I walked in and I saw my usual crowd and my usual lunch specials, I felt right at home........

Chiu Chau Seaweed Cuttle Fish Ball Noodle Soup with Milk Tea ($6.50)
- Quite standard but quite good
- Portion is on the smaller side
- 5 cuttle fish balls? So I should not be complaining? 

More wait staffs are needed, as only 3 of them working during busy lunch hour... and 2 of them seems to be the business owners?"
"Shops on Yonge had opened its doors for almost 2 years. The first time I went there was 1 year ago when the Supermarket just opened up and new business was moving in and trying their luck with the promise of business from the condo development in the immediate area.

Back then was less than 50% occupied with a mixture of business from different ethnic groups: Korean, Chinese, Persian.

A year later, I was hoping that more business would have moved in but sadly a lot of the original business was no longer here and no new business brave enough to open up new venture.

The mall has quite a nice set up but definitely lack any foot traffic. The supermarket in the basement area is the busiest of them all but with underground parking attached to the supermarket most customers are not going to visit other stores/business upstairs.

I feel sorry for the investors that bought the units and not able to rent it out for over 1 year. But it is just not a good location to start a business here unless you already have a good client base and they willing to visit your new location!"
"Though Structube has a really good website that you can shop 24/7 from the comfort of your home, but I always like to look at the actual products before I make a purchase.

This Structube is relatively new and layout is quite good. They have all the items I was interested on display. 

And as usual, I ended up finding the actual items were not as good as described on the website but the one that were so so were actually closer to what I was looking for!

The salesperson here were both really friendly and helpful. Even check on availability of items I might be interested.

Great service with a smile!"
"It was a lot more fun admiring Anna's Bakery & Deli's window from outside the store.

All these baked goods looks so pretty.. big... and full of carbs.... 

Actually eating one of those Paczki (poonch-kee) was a big big disappointment!

Paczki is kind of like a doughnut with sweet filling (raspberry, custard, jam). The dough suppose to be rich and more heavy because it contains eggs, fats, sugar and milk.

Custard Paczki (80 cents)
- ratio of fillings to dough... 1:5... so all carbs...hardly any fillings
- It is dry and dough.. and dense and tasteless...
- good to eat when you are on a diet! since you will not be finishing one..

There are some Polish hot food to go.. but selections are minimum... 

I hope I will experience a better Paczki someday....somewhere.... for now.. I am not eating one for awhile!"
"Finally a Panera Bread opens in Markham., and welcome to the neighborhood! 

On Grand Opening Day, energy buzzing in the air. 

Staffs are just so excited to serve all these exciting customers that dropping by to have their first taste of the baked good, sandwiches and soup they offers. 

Huge seating area, tons of outlets and free WIFI! 

Now this maybe the location I will drop by often to chill!

PS lunch hour rush is crazy during the opening week... line all the way out to the door!"
"Lil' Baci is another random places that I followed a group of Yelpers here during our A night of drinking in Riverdale drinking crawl. 

I really want to sit at Lil's Baci back patio!! But it was packed.........and ended up have to sit near the washroom...........boo...... 

The interior is nicely decorated with dim lighting and a rustic feel. A little too dark for good looking food photos though. 

Pizza Pizza and more Pizza........ If you like eating pizza, you will find it A-OK. But if you not into pizza, you better go to other restaurants in the area.. 

The 4 pizzas that I tried none of them were outstanding. I have to agreed with my fellow dinner mates that the thick and doughy crust was really disappointing! I like the Pizza Margherita the best... simple, tasty and saucy... 

I don't mind coming to Lil' Baci to share some pizza with friends if I am in the area... or have the lunch specials... but definitely not going to make a special trip to eat here!"
"Drake's is an awesome place for brunch especially on a sunny day when the patio is open!

I love how you can find sunny and shaded area on their huge patio..  Now I think all I care about is the nice patio..

And of course having a drink or 2 helps?! Apricot Frizz ($9) is light and refreshing. Now I think all I care about is the drink..

I ordered Wild Blueberry + Ricotta Pancakes ($11.95) is OK, but probably won't order that again..

I tried Southern Fried Chicken + Waffles ($14) Savour+Sweet at the same time

Services are casual and friendly... love the laid back vibe.. 

Isn't it that what I want on a Sunny Summer afternoon? Laid back and enjoy a drink with my friends! :)"
"Come with young school age kids and bring camera - 4 stars
Come alone and watching other people 's kids running around - 3 stars

Bring your kids to Southbrook Farms during their fall festival, I will guarantee they would love you so much...

Those mini scale midway rides are just too cute and the most popular rides seems to be the race track car racing.. seems like all the kids want to drive when they have a chance??

BBQ corns, Poutine, Ice Cream would have make any kids and adults happy!! 

Inside the farm house also a bakery selling pies, sweets and house made condiments. 

The sweet smell of Apple/Pumpkin Pies.. The smell of Fall!

Pumpkins everywhere.... I wish there were more for me to take a good photos....

Free Admission! Pet Friendly!"
"Thor Espresso Bar is our 4th stop for our Koffee Krawl. 

White, Ikea feel, clean and bright is my first impression of Thor! 

Though with minimum seating, the place was empty.. aside from one lone patron sitting by the corner, I successfully scared him away and hoarded the whole area at the back to be OUR spot to hang out. 

So while my caffeine loaded yelp friend busy chatting up the girls and the almost awake and just as sexy looking messy hair Vivek, I lined up to order our cappuccino... 

Hey is it really a cappuccino... or a latte? I should not be complaining about that super sized cup of java compared to other places but it was just to milky for me.. can barely taste the coffee... and I slowly knows that I have enough milk intake for the day.... next one I need to skip the milk but not the coffee! :)

I can see Thor as a place to hang for awhile with friends but not as a place to park myself for a long time using their WIFI... and there are not tables? Now this is a place that would not turn into a ""library""..."
"Cedarbrae Mall is one of the nicer neighbourhood Mall in the Scarborough Area.

With Canadian Tire, Toy R Us and Zellers as the anchorage stores, they do bring a more diversified customers then the smaller malls.

If you want a bite, most of the food selections are more main stream: McDonalds, Burger King, KFC, Taco Bell and Tim Hortons.. but it might make some people really happy though...

Cedarbrae Mall is a good place to go if you are into last minute Birthday/Anniversary/Christmas shopping as it is not as busy as Scarborough Town but have something that is half decent for your loving family!"
"Harlem Underground sure makes me feel like transferring from a nice Autumn afternoon to a dungeon that is dark and only source of light is from the window on the far end of the dining room.

- Southern Fried Chicken & Waffle With a Chipolte-corriander-lime maple syrup ($11.95)
I am no friend of fried chickens doesn't how good you make it sounded I really cannot order fried chicken without guilt and lie about my experience. I am so glad that someone nice willing to share his with me. 1 piece is all I need... I have to say it is not bad, I do love the syrup that comes with it. Yes Yes I know deep fried chicken is the way to go to preserve all the moisture inside the chicken. 
The Waffle I found them dry, and I love freshly made off the iron waffle... and this is really disappointing for me!

- Harlem Benny Poached eggs, chili-garlic greens, atop a sausage and grits flap jack along with cheesy hollandaise ($10.95)
The eggs were cooked perfectly... but sausage and grits flapjack.. I really don't taste much.. more like a soggy doughy pancake?? The chili-garlic greens in between are ok. I find this dish needs a little more kick to it... maybe some Southern hot pepper sauce will help to spice it up?

Thanks for our fellow yelpers making this Sunday brunch memorable.. It is not all about food... is who you are eating or sharing with!! +1 star"
"5 Star for super friendly service. The girl at the counter is just so nice and full of energy. Must be all the Turkish Coffee and Gelato.

I love the selection of drinks and food at Death in Venice Gelato. There is more than gelato offers here. Espresso based Coffee and Pluck Tea if you want something to warm you up during the colder months. 

There are for sure some unique and funky gelato flavours here. Ask for a sample or 2 or everything! 

Check out daily specials on drinks. 

Those pantries does looks great, especially the pandan chiffon cake and some middle eastern inspired baked goods!

This cafe definitely worth checking out when you are in the area!"
"R Kitchen, a newcomer to the area. It is not really ""new"" as it atmosphere and menu is relatively similar to Mirage and Symposium. 

It describes itself as ""moderately priced trendy International / global restaurant located in the Richmond Hill area of York Region. R Kitchen specializes in International / global cuisine and features breakfast, brunch..""

Maybe being trendy is having hip music pumping through the speakers? The menu here is boring and pricey. 

Steak Sandwich ($14) serves with a market salad was medicore as best. The salad was lifeless even without the dressing on. Steak was cooked medium rare but was chewy and hard with all the fat and trimming still on.

I told the waitress about the salad and she said the chef insisted that it was fresh... so don't order salad, I warned you!

During late afternoon just don't sit in the solarium area, the sun can be blinding and bring your sunglasses. At first my waitress  would not let me move, but I was persistent. The restaurant was empty, why can't a paying guest move to a better and comfortable area?!

The experience at R Kitchen was just disappointing. I doubt I would ever be back."
"I always prefer a Gelato guy... but the Gelato lady here Il Gelatiere is as Italian as you can get! :P Italian Mama serving me Gelato! :P

On a cold winter afternoon.. no wait and no lineup.. who in their right mind would be having Gelato aside from a bundle of toddlers.. who will have ice cream for breakfast/lunch/dinner regardless of what time of the year! Aside from kids with the poor parents...and me!

Small Gelato with 2 flavours (Pistaschio/Tiramisu) for $4. Love the Pistachio and Meh for Tiramisu.. Not cheap for a small cup...

Wearing my Down Jacket, eating Gelato, looking out at all the snow....."
"When I saw the photos of LJ Kusina on the Internet, I knew I must be here before... Chili Mango http://www.yelp.ca/biz/chilli-mango-markham!!

Nothing had changed much. Decor left untouched and I sat at the same booth I ate before... looking at a different menu.

LJ Kusina offers All Day Combo for $6.99. That has a good selections of different protein: Chicken/Beef/Pork/Fish with a side order of mixed vegetables and rice.

Afritada Chicken($6.99) 
- chicken cooked in tomato sauce where dark meat was used and you can have a choice to have the kitchen prepare it spicy...
- The chicken though tender and quite moist but quite a few pieces won't cooked all the way through!!

Special mention is the fried whole fish that the gentleman ordered at the other table, it smelled so good and I almost have an urge to ask him ""Can I take a Photo?""

Halo Halo ($5.99)
- Ube ice cream made in house is a lot lighter and not as sweetening as the standard one I experienced at other restaurants
- I found the whole order was basically shaved ice with hardly anything.... it was a little disappointing!!!

The Filipino ladies working here were so friendly. Even the owner came over and asked me how was the food and we started talking about ice cream as she was the one that made all those mango, coconut and ube flavours!

I told her I just want MORE ice cream...  :) Maybe next time!!"
"I been to Keung Kee here for lunch, dinner, late night and take out!! 

Yes I just have a shrimp and scallops congee for takeout yesterday night for dinner.

The food here is always good. Good price, big portion.

The only item on the menu I don't enjoy is the singapore turnip cake, if you order it you will regret why you don't eat at Congee Wong across the mall instead.

They don't have stuffed steamed rice noodle all day like Congee Wong. Though their dinner dishes has better selections and tasted much better.

Another plus it is open till 2 AM on weekends!

The services here are always friendly and fast!

One thing they need to work on is cleanliness.......

CASH only!"
"Family Marketplace is a small Asian grocery store located inside Chartwell Shopping Centre. The selection here is really limited especially for their dry products. 

I was looking for some tea bags and could not find the usual brand that most other supermarkets carries.

Their vegetables selection though quite fresh and reasonably priced.

I usually come here because I was getting takeout from the food court and ended up getting something small.  Instead of going to Bestco just across which have everything but with tons of people and long line up to cash out."
"I love to come to this Walmart Supercentre if I want to avoid long lines at the checkout and have no worry about parkings.

This location is so new that my GPS showing me driving on unmapped territories even I have the most updated version of the map. 

Shopping here is like there are no one around... I never really bum into other people shopping carts... I can walk around aimlessly and never even run into any associates!

Of course having a full grocery section with fresh produces and meat make this location really convenient too. But I do prefer Longos down the street for my groceries because of their more unique/gourmet selections.

You might see me wandering around this huge Walmart Supercentre aimlessly... no, I am not lost! I just like to walk around and burn off some of the calories I ate!"
"This location used to be a Sam's Club before it was converted to a Walmart Supercentre.

It is set up a little bit different from the other Supercentre as it is really an enclosed structure with no windows. 

Selections are good. The shelves are stocked and tidy. I have no complaints.

I usually just come here to pick up some household supplies and it never got really busy."
"New May Hong Yuen is definitely a hidden gem.

Small, hidden and tucked at the side of a busy plaza. I have been to the plaza numerous time and this is the first time I notice this little shop.

Strictly a take out place as the storefront is so small. There is hardly room for you to even move around when lining up waiting for your turn!

I ordered a BBQ pork and Roasted Duck with rice ($5.50) for a late lunch. The Pork has a great mixture of fat and lean and have a nice sweet after taste. The roasted duck is tender and have great flavour.

Service is friendly and efficient with a smile."
"Everything that served here at Sano Sushi are drowned in some kind of orange sauces and gravy.

I know I am in one of those AYCE Japanese nightmare when I saw my salads.. especially my Wakame salad that looks like a soup?

My Red Tuna sushi looks so red just like one of those plastic fake one that used to decorate display windows, I really feel like I am falling deeper and deeper in this bad dream...

Fried Fish Cake? that looks like a solid cube with a funny texture...and I think this tasted like the exact same sauce that is on my cold Grilled Salmon Neck?

Why are the Sano shrimps (deep fried breaded shrimps) so cold and more orange sauces on top of them?!

I just cannot do this anymore... at least the green tea ice cream bring me back to reality... 

15% off if paying cash... But I don't think this is enough incentive for me to come here ever again!"
"It is so great that finally so many ""Hot"" Yoga studio realize what really yoga is.. Doing yoga is not just doing poses in a heated room when one is sweating like pigs nor ""Hot"" Yoga is for everyone or everyone wants to practice yoga in the heat.

Moksha Yoga Markham has added a non heated room recently and has expand their reception area and change room, The new room is nice and cosy with dark wooden panel floors and with no mirrors. It is great that now they offer a few more non heated class like the Ashtanga/Mix class I attended at this particular visit.

Personally I like their Non Moksha Series instructors a lot better. Susan the instructor today spent a lot of time explaining the techniques and mechnicals of the poses and we did some partner yoga too so it was fun.

I will drop by for more of the non heated class if they start to offer more!"
"Happy Hour from 4 pm to 7 pm everyday for $5 a pint? 

I would not complain too much if I am at Prohibition during their happy hour. Their draft choice during their Happy Hour is awesome. 

However, being a gastropub, Prohibition really not good enough. 

I was really hungry and when I need food when I drink my beer, so I forced my Yelp Drinking Buddy to order some food to share with me! 

The Bison Burger with fries ($15) I found it A-OK.. didn't wow me but when I am hungry I am easy! The fries are seasoned with sea salt which is a nice touch.... Chicken Lollipops ($9) for sure is a little disappointing! I think I need 10 of those in order to satisfy me... they are quite tasty for just so mini...mini drumsticks! 

Services here is so slow....... Waiter took forever to take our order!! Drinks took forever to arrive and so were the food. Maybe I just hungry?? 

I don't mind coming to Prohibition for their Happy Hour but the area just creep me out when it is dark outside.......and I would have just order a drink with no food.....and definitely NOT those lollipops!"
"Beans Around the World is a welcome addition to the neighbourhood.

A franchise from BC and I am quite surprised that they opens up their first location in the East Coast in Markham!

The setup reminds me of Second Cup. My cappuccino was OK but cannot really compared to a well crafted espresso drink in some of the indie espresso bar.

Good place to have a coffee when in the area or to meet up with friends as the interior is quite spacious. 

Barista is super friendly. 

I would be back for an Americano and maybe some of those delicious looking pastries!

BTW, if you are like me, don't like cocoa powder sprinkle on top of your cappuccino, make sure you tell the barista when you put in your order. sigh..."
"Samjung Sushi has this little sign at the window, the ""World Best Sushi"" that put a smile on my face. 

Lunch Specials till 3 pm... with quite a lot of choices

A lot of privacy in most of the seating: high sectioned booths or private rooms. 

Sushi Lunch A ($11.95) 

Fish was quite fresh... the Shari rice was quite nicely prepared. The only complain is that the presentation of the rolls... looks like prepared in a rush. 

Services are nice and friendly."
"I have been back to Blue Ocean Cafe numerous times over the years and the quality of food has steadily going downhill.

Price wise still decent. But yesterday my Baked Pork Chop Lunch ($7.99) was served lukewarm: fried rice was cold and the sauce was gooey due to not being baked long enough. Borscht soup was bland and watery. But at least my pork chop was cooked while the lady next to me was served under cooked fish.

Maybe a pass for me for the time being."
"Duck Duck Duck... In any form, media and shape... but alive.... you can find them at Le Canard Libere.

Shop Shop Shop... My friends were so excited, flocking around the store... duck this.. duck that.. how to eat this, how to eat that... pate? sausage? can? frozen? oil?  stock? 

I just want to chill and eat my Le Canard Poutine ($15.95).. The lady asked me with fears in her eyes if I going to finish that by myself... I should have said OUI!! No Sharing! Of course all of us just dug into one of the best Poutine we had in Montreal likes there's no tomorrow... 

Luckily, I got some Foie Gras to take home... so I can sip my bubbly and just have a taste of Montreal when I get home!"
"Sushi Lunch Set ($13.99)

Great value as the ratio of rice to fish is high. You will be full with all these shari rice. Shari rice was cooked a little too mushy. Fish quality was OK. Not something I would recommend for a special trip but only when you are in the neighbourhood.

Maybe with all these 4/5 Star reviews I came with a high expectation?? Or just Lunch always not as good as dinner because the price is lower?

Izumi might be one of the Japanese restaurants that has the most diversify menu in Aurora for dinner. Worth coming if you lives in the area and don't want to drive too far.

Just stick with dinner.... I will say just passable for lunch."
"Nations Fresh Food does have a wide varieties of products all under one roof!

Great fun to browse around and see what's there as it carries a lot of items that are not available at T&T or Foody Mart that I usually frequent.

For the hot food area or food court, nothing much interested me as there are definitely better options as other Asian grocery stores I been to. 

But for the Vaughan area, Nations Fresh Food provides the neighbourhood with affordable, fresh and a lot of varieties of Asian products!"
"Duck & Chicken specialized in duck and chicken.

Nothing fusion or instagram worthy or new and trendy here. If you are looking for traditional Korean cooking which has health benefits, you won't be disappointed.

Duck and chicken used here are fresh and never frozen, Cooked as soup, stew, hot pot with herbs that would enhanced your health. There are a few spicy dish too as spicy is good for balancing your system too.

Korean Style Duck Soup and Chicken Noodle Soup both has a clean taste but full of flavour. Nothing beat a rich aromatic chicken soup on a cold rainy day. Banchan has that healthier lighter taste too.

Lunch Special is a $1 or 2 cheaper than during dinner but I like how they have smaller individual portion.

I would be back to try out other table cooking items during dinner time with some friends. Sharing is caring!!"
"While walking to Gladstone Hotel.. My Yelp friend just stopped me and  say this place is new?!  

Mabel's? Does sounded familiar.. I remembered the name and even walked by a store months ago...? 

This is apparently Mabel's Bakery new second location on Queen Street West! The set up is really similar to the store on Roncesvalles.

If you are looking for freshly baked goods: bread, sweets, prepared food, you will able to find here. A coffee or espresso beverages to go with your drinks, Mabel's has it too!

This is more of a take out place, though they do a few seatings outside the store..."
"3.5 Star

This review is based on Savour York Region Winter 2013's experience. For $15 it is well worth it for a 3 course lunch.

Service was a little slow to start with just 1 other table which seemed to be regulars for a late lunch. 

Mista Salad - plentiful and fresh but the Folco's House Dressing was a little too sour to my liking

Veal Parmigiana - Veal was really tender and moist! I love the light crispy breading too! The tomato sauce was nice but just a little too much and I have to scrap it off. Penne was cooked perfectly al dente!

Dessert.  - Sadly Pumpkin Spice Creme Burlee was not available and a substitution was offered. I was a little disappointed...

Folco's is worth your visit if you looking for more classic Italian dishes. I definitely would be back again for some Italian Comfort food... I love Pasta!"
"Not too many Vietnamese restaurants I been to has such a good selections of Banh Cuon. I have this thing for Banh Cuon (Vietnamese Steamed Rice Roll). When I saw it on Com Tam Dao Vien's menu, I know right away I need to order that.

Banh Cuon Cha Lua ($5.50) which I intended to have as a snack was massive. I can finish that but I felt so stuffed after I washed down the whole plate with the iced cold jasmine tea.........

I left the restaurant full and happy without paying an arm and a leg..."
"Yogibar Frozen Yogurt is certainly an exciting new addition to the neighbourhood.

Kosher certified as this is great for the Jewish community.

Set up is similar to Menchie and Yogurty's, self served yogurt with numerous toppings of fresh fruits, nuts, chocolate and others.. 

The deco is bright and loud, full of energy.

Please note opening hours.. close at 3 pm on Friday and reopen sundown on Saturday."
"I love DEQ!!

I love my experience so much that I wish my Yelp Drinking Buddy showing up late so I can keep having my mixed drinks and daydreaming I am enjoying my pre dinner drink at one of the resort!!

Waiters speaks with an European accent?? Where do they find all these waiters?? Polite, friendly and ""cough cough"" good looking?!!

Those wicker chaise loungers in the patio!!!... oh so comfy...great for daydreaming.... A view of CN Tower... Priceless!!

I don't really mind paying a premium for the experience... 

Raspberry Collins ($15) and Turkey Meatball Slider ($18)

And I think from now on I going to meet my always late Yelp Drinking Buddy at DEQ, he can take his sweet time........."
"Iam Yoga is another yoga studio that accepts Passport to Prana located at Yonge just South of Charles.

This is a nice looking studio. Big Spacious waiting area with comfy seats. 

The change room has 4 showers (with all the supplies you need shampoo, conditioner and soap) but only 1 toilet (hmmmm). The change room is set up really spa like and is quite spacious.

There is only 1 practice room but it is big and spacious with big windows looking over Yonge Street. The room have wooden floor.

The class I attended is a Yin class. They have a lot of candles lit up that make the whole practice room feel cosy and relaxing. However there are NO props!! just a few blocks.. and towels or mats  rolled up to pretend to be bolsters. This make some poses so difficult to get in and hold for a long time...

I think this is the only studio in the area that offers classes that late on Sunday evening (last class is a Gentle Hatha in Candlenight at 7:30 PM)"
"Another Moksha franchise specialize in heated yoga.

The reception area is nice and cozy. 

Woman's change room has only 1 washroom, 1 sink (where you can get filtered water) and 2 shower stalls. No lockers available so make sure don't bring any valuables inside. They do provide you with 1 hair dryer.

The classes are mainly Moksha based heated with a few Moksha flow classes and Ashtanga and Yin. Not too many varieties, as it has only 1 practice room.

Classes can be busy as there are not too many yoga studios in the area.

The class pass can be use in either this location and Pickering location as they are operated by the same owner.

You can use the passport to prana to try out this studio too!"
"This is the newer LCBO location in Aurora.

Bigger, more spacious and has a large selections of everything: beers, wines and scotch. You maybe a little disappointed if you are looking for some sakes as there are only a handful.

Maybe if you are here for Louis XIII ($2800), you will find a bottle here!

Huge parking lot!!"
"Safari Pet Centre is a franchise based in Quebec and now starting to open up stores in Ontario.

When I first walked by.. I am not even sure that it is a pet store with the Easter Island's statues and the fake stone facade.

The store carries merchandise similar to PJ Pets and Pet Smart. However, they do have a great selections of birds, guinea pigs and mouses. They do sell dogs and cats.. which I am not too crazy about. However the kennels they are staying in looks nice and clean and they all quite happy.

The prices are reasonable for dog food and treats. They carries  the better food brand like Merrick and Wellness , etc. I ended up buying a bag of Salmon treats for Momo.

They accepts all credit cards and interac  but AMEX."
"Cafe Mirage's Richmond Hill location is brand new only opened for a week or 2. 

Nice and chic decorated. There are 2 big sections at the back and in the front with big windows letting the sunlight filtering in. So it is nice no matter when you go all day breakfast, lunch and dinner. 

Dropped by for lunch using Groupon. My waiter was really courteous, friendly and attentive. (+1 star) Sometimes you do get frowned on when using coupons or waitstaffs giving you a hard time. Here my coupon was more than welcome! 

Bistro Burger ($10) 
- meh... the meat patties really over seasoned . (TOO Salty!) The bun a little over toasted 
- fries was really crispy.. supermarket frozen standard... 

Italian Sodas Mango Flavour ($4) 
- Nice and refreshing.. not overly sweet 

Bistro Latte with Amaretto shot ($6) 
- The best part of the meal, liquid dessert!! Yummy! 

In general I found the food a little overpriced...the food is meh...at least the one that I have. But Cafe Mirage might be a good place to drop by for a drink and chill out with your friends."
"Service!! I need Service!!

I have no idea why the host kept seating me in a section with just 1 waiter working a table of 12, two tables of 3 and 1 table of 2... while one waiter only has 1 table in his section?

Waiting Waiting even for a glass of water and acknowledging from the waiter that I exist was just frustrating!! I just want something simple and fast!! I just want my order to go in BEFORE that party of 12...

Chicken Souvlaki on Pita ($8.95) with a Side Salad ($2.95)
- Grilled Chicken goes well with the tzatziki
- Pita bread is warm and has a little crispy to it
- salad is quite standard but at least is fresh 

Mezes does have good atmosphere, especially with all these tables ordering Saganaki, OPA!

Seems like everyone is fighting to sit on that smallish patios... the inside of the restaurant does get a little stuffy and hot with all this flaming cheese and grilling going on!"
"- 2 Waiters 
- Lunch Specials 
- 6 Spicy Chicken Wings with Fried Rice on a Hot Plate ($6.99) 

Everything is Hot at Home of Hot Taste! 

I was kind of expecting the Chicken Wings be sinfully crispy but not happening this afternoon. They were kind of smallish but were quite tasty. The sauce was quite interesting as it has this spiciness with a hint of sweetness. The fried rice though was really oily with not much flavours, I wish they were drowned in some hot sauce. 

I think I need to come back and just eat a half crispy skin fried chicken........... and extra HOT please!"
"Picked up my Ipod Touch from this Future Shop location 

My salesperson was attentive and enthusiastic. Maybe trying to hard to sell the extended warranty.. but I do understand that's his job. 

I hate some Future Shop locations when you cannot find any sales associate or they just gather around chatting. 

I love my Ipod! :)"
"Late Night at 2 am or is it early morning?... Pho Hoang Kim is the Only Pho place in the RH area still opens! 

We ordered Pho and Bun Bo Hue with no expectation and both were good.

I don't mind coming back again for a hot bowl of noodle after last call on weekend since they opens till 5 am!!? 

Seriously, one of the best drunk food at an affordable price!

Extra Stars for staying open so late....."
"2.5 Star

Lake Affect Patio Bar & Grill is located right by the lake sharing the same parking lot with Port Credit Marina. 

Lake Affect is more a neighbourhood meet up place. Here you will find some home made comfort food, some local talents performance, some local beers!

We came here on a Sunday for Weekend Brunch (11-3) and shared Sugar Dusted French Toast with Banana and Nutella ($13) and down it with a pint of Mad & Noisy's Hops & Bolts. 

Lake Affect's uses locally grown, free range, antibiotic and hormone free meats but our French Toast has not meat... Our French Toast is not bad but nothing too excited.. The exciting part maybe because I am drinking a hoppy beer?!

Service is on and off.. Our waitress was nice enough to warn us about that we might not enjoy our beer selection and offer us a sample. However, when we walked in we were kind of completely ignored till the staff realize we are not going to go anywhere...

Live Music entertaining by Up and Coming local sensation during the Junior Jam Session. Her whole family does have a blast. She is definitely much much better than a lot of Karaoke performances I sat through!

I might come back during summer and sit in the cottage style patio for a drink of a pint or two... and enjoy some lake affect pretending I am in cottage country!"
"Crazy Wings located in North Korean Town right across from Finch Subway Station. 

Being in a Korean area, the menu at Crazy Wings does have a menu that reflect this.. Chicken Wings, Ribs and Korean Style Chicken. 

Monday to Friday Lunch Specials are offered here which is different everyday with drinks. Being here on Monday they have Wing Combo ($6.95) comes with 6 wings, salad, choice of fried rice or fries. 

Flavours here are more limited. there are 6 different flavours. We ended up trying Original, BBQ, Hot and Sweet and Honey Garlic. 

The chicken wings here are quite moist and tasty... one of the better ones I have lately. For the sauce I like Hot and Sweet... and there is a huge bottle of Tabasco if you really want to spice it up!! 

Fiery Chicken with Rice Cake ($15.95) 
3 chili spiciness... Korean style spiced with traditional Korean chili sauce. The chicken is BBQ first then stired fried in hot sauce with rice cakes served on a hot plate. I always love chewy and soft rice cake... the chicken though is a little dry..... 

The deco here is clean and neat. Service is A-OK... Crazy Wings is not really a sport bar as there is only a small TV or 2 and I don't think sport fans will be happy watching a game here!!"
"Grotto Noodle House is located in the New Century Plaza. I drove by the entrance all the time.. and yes it sure try to decorate to look like a cave...

I walked in through the entrance facing the parking lot.. and I was surprise that it is so small.. It is more like a food court set up than a restaruant..

The tables are set up really close together.. and the place is so small, there is no privacy at all... I though sit in one end of the table, and can hear every word the family next to me chatting and swearing their way in Chinese...

They rent the unit across the street too. I wondering how it will be to have the orders delivery to those tables.

There are not real menu, Just the menu from the wall and the menu on the paper table mat. I order the Grotto Fish Meat Noodle soup ($7.50) and Black Sweet Rice with Coconut Milk ($3.50).

When I was served a slice of watermelon and hot tea before I order.  First time happening to me in any restaurant. The Fish Meat Noodle is not something I expected...  There are not too many ""noodles"" in the order. It comes with mushroom, a shrimp and 3 thin piece of vietnamese sauage. Taste wise it is ok, but I don't think I will order that again. 

The dessert I ate later, it is ok. Not too sweet but good as a treat! :)

I don't mind dropping by for a quick meal. The service is quick and friendly.

Around lunch time, they have food set up across at the other unit, where a lot of people working in the mall comes and buy lunch. It is like daily specials that has no menu. Maybe I will try that next time!

Cash only! No lunch specials"
"I have been to Jump a couple of times for dinner over the years and always have a great experience! The food is good and the service is great! 

I am so excited that my fellow yelpers suggest that we go to Jump for some desserts and coffee... and Jump still as good as I remembered! 

Battered Onion rings 
- Nice and Crispy... but I think I will enjoy it more with some ketchup.. but asking for ketchup at Jump may not be a lady like or appropriate things to do 

Dessert Platters for 2 
- It is so great to able to try almost every single item on the dessert menu 
- cheese cake (yummy), dark chocolate lava cake (tasty with dark chocolate oozing out!), creme burlee (should have ate that first since it is light and rich), chocolate/vanilla ice cream and cookies! 

Jump Cafe 
- with oh so tasty liquors... but if there are a little more cafe? that would be great! 

Service here is polite and attentive! Quiet evening with just a few patrons makes it a great place to hang with friends and have a drink or 2!! and of course desserts! 

The question now is ""When am I coming back??""!"
"With just one waitress working during lunch shift at Rio 40 Restaurant, resulted in unbearable slow services....

I was standing at the entrance waiting to be seated for over 5 minutes.... and then waiting for a while to have my order taken... but after that our food did arrive quickly...

Grilled Pork Loin served with Rice, Beans, Collard Green and Fried Banana ($15) is quite good... just the pork definitely on the dry side and a little bland when compared to the Picanha - Rumpsteak ($18) which is tender and smoking delicious...

And even for lunch, my DC has to order a Pudim - Carmel Pudding ($4.50) as he loves sweet... The pudding is smooth and silky... really enjoyable.

Just a little confused why they have an All You Can Eat Pizza and Pasta Thursdays? I would rather enjoy all your can eat grilled meat in a Brazilian restaurant!"
"The Sugar is the only choice for Chinese dessert in the area so if you in the area and want to satisfy your Chinese desserts craving you kind of stuck with it.

I can understand why the service is lacking on a weekday lunch hour since there is only 1 waitress who taking orders, making drinks and desserts and delivering the orders from kitchen. 

The Lingzhi Essence Jello ($5.99) is quite sizable compare to the one served at Herbal Harmony but it is lacking the intense Lingzhi taste.. wondering it there is hardly any in it? 

The Coconut Fresh Fruit Sago ($4.79) is a nice surprise. Though it is a little too sweet for my taste but it is loaded with FRESH FRUITS! no canned varieties.. that is an extra 0.5 stars. The sago are a little crumbled together but is quite acceptable.

Have not try any cooked food on the menu. But I think The Sugar really try to hard to has so many varieties, you do sacrifice quality over quantity. Since there is so many eating place in the same plaza why don't they just concentrate on making better Chinese desserts instead??

They accepts Cash only!"
"Dropped by here to meet a friend for a quick breakfast.  

I have to say I have an ok experience since the setting here is cozy with private booth seats.. free WIFI.. ok food...

But everything here is so cold....don't have that little bakery family runned feel to it, which I really enjoy. I just feel like going into a MacDonald or something. But at least I can drink my coffee from a mug not a foam cup.

I might come again but it will not be a place I will hang out too often.

2 star but 1 star extra for free WIFI without access code!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"This CIBC though conveniently located right at the corner of Warden and Finch, but I would suggest to avoid using their ATM when it is dark..or even when the bank or most of the businesses are closed for the day.

The plaza is just too quiet and just a little sketchy especially if you are alone and want to withdraw some cash from the machines....

Ample parking though.. as there are no restaurants or other retails sharing the parking lot!!"
"Are all Shoppers Drug Mart the same.... not really... 

Some Shoppers always out of the Specials and seems like they don't even bother restocking their shelf...

Since it is in the same plaza as Sobeys, I ended up coming here sometimes.. but always disappointed.

One time I was just $2 off from getting the extra bonus points.. and the cashier don't even give me a chance to pick up some gums so I would have got my 20X points...."
"Bun Pho Phu Hai is at a Plaza right across from Vaughan Mills. How I end up in this restaurant?? Of course because of Yelp! Yelp makes me go to different restaurant to yelp about them and what is better to get the honour of FTR!

This place is clean and spacious. I was welcome by the friendly waitress with a big smile. The menu is written in English, Vietnamese and Chinese so you will have no problem picking what you like to eat!

I ordered a small Pho ($5.00) and small Shredded Pork Roll ($3.50).

 I am so glad I order the small Pho because it is the size of Medium of other Pho joint. The noodles though is dried tasted prettly good. The soup is quite flavoured not too salty however no star ansie was used.

The Roll though I found it a little dry... but still quite tasty.

The service here is prompt and friendly and the price is reasonable. No Lunch Special though.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"3.5 Star

$5 for a Stein of Sapporo Draft beer?! This might be the best deal in town if you are into Sapporo beer. 

Here at Kintori Yakitori, not only you get the beer special but you can drink and eat some delicious skewers.

Sitting right at the open kitchen area and watching how the kitchen prepares the food is kind of fun. Here might not be the real Izakaya experience (quiet and zen) but it is great just to catch up with your friends.

Sake Sample ($14) is decent with good pour and of course I really enjoyed my Sapporo

In general: I found most of the ""meat"" skewer lack flavour but the braising sauce match much better with their seafood and vegetables

Momo (Chicken Thigh)
Shimofiri Gyu-Tongue Kushi
Kawa (Chicken Skin)
Hizanankotsu (Knee Cartilage)
Ton Toro (Pork Cheek)
Ebi (Shrimp)
Shlirake (mushroom)
Eringi (mushroom)

Houji Cha Creme Brulee (Roasted Green Tea)
Yuzu Sorbet 

Service is polite and since it was not busy there on a Sunday evening, we can really take our time and placed order slowly.

Will I be back to have some more beers?! For sure! And of course some more of those little sticks of happiness!"
"Ritzy Palace Chinese Cuisine's half price special during during time is a good deal. Even though the selections  is limited and you only allow to order one special from the menu.

The rest of the menu is quite standard. If you are into Cantonese food, you will find them quite OK.

Service is friendly especially if you are a regular. 

Not a bad choice for dinner if you are in the neighbourhood."
"Is Sardab Restaurant another Kebab place just like one of the numerous in this area?

Vaziri ($10.99) - Ground Beef and Chicken Leg

Tender and Juicy Ground Beef! One of the best one I ever have! Chicken Leg is well flavoured with a nice hint of citrus! Portion is great to share or for my friend probably can just lick the plate clean!

And how about a cup of hot tea at the end of our meal?! That's heavenly even on a hot afternoon... 

Free parking can be a little tight as it is shared with other businesses in the plaza.

Maybe I should come back and try the lamb?"
"This review is based on the special Valentine Menu they offer this year.

Since February 14 2010 is both Chinese New Year and Valentine Day, Lemongrass offers special menu that tailored to both event. I really appreciated how they did not jack up their prices. There are personal set that includes spring rolls for $8.99 and there are set for 4/6/8 people. The selections are great and all the prices are inline with their normal menu.

For Valentine set dinner for 2 ($39.99), it comes with pumpkin seafood soup, appetitizers: spring rolls/chicken satay, shrimps with pineapple fried rice, lamb chop with pad thai and cheesecakes.

We opted not to have the cheesecake and has it replaced with coconut icecream. It maybe a mistakes, because now I start to have craving for it even after I finished eat it!! It is made with real coconut, not sweet..with tons of real meat inside...........served in a real coconut!

We really enjoyed the meal. Not something really romantic but good food is more important  to me than atmosphere."
"I finally got to this Daifuku and I am in love with Matcha and Houchija flavours! Just love the texture with that chewiness. The sweetness just perfect even better than the ones I had in Japan!

The wrapping so thin and the filling so delicate!

I highly recommend giving them a try if you are in J town. $2.50 a piece maybe on the pricier side but worth the occasion indulgence!"
"I'm just so glad that I did not suggest going to Pat's...(my friends would have hate me!)

I'm just so glad that the real Jamaican Homestyle's cooking I had was 100% way way better...

I'm just so glad no one made me finished my food.. because they were so bad...

Chicken Stew - Small ($8)
- Chicken was so dry, with no seasoning.. in fact, it tasted sweet?

Chicken Roti ($10)
- Chicken was so dry, the sauce so bland...

Festival ($1.75)
- Microwaved awfulness... just solid hard and chewy.... I almost broke my plastic knife trying to cut them into smaller pieces...

The only saving grace was the Ting I ordered, the only thing I enjoyed!

I am confused...I didn't have any beers that night...You sure I ate at the Pat's Homestyle Restaurant with all these 4/5 reviews?"
"Double Win Restaurant English name has not relation to its Chinese Name... but seems like the whole restaurant has nothing in English but their address..

Menu has all the standard of Northern Chinese restaurant, pricing are reasonable too with nothing really over $10 aside from lobsters and crabs dishes.

Since I am with a non spicy eater, so I ended up stuck with eating non spicy dishes.

Number One Bones($5.99)
- under the Chef's recommendation but really disappointing.. as it is really just pork bone cooked tender in soup then finished with a soy bean sauce

Beef with onions ($7.99)
- Soy Sauce based.. Beef a little tough.. 

Garlic Vegetables ($6.99)
- Best dish of the evening.. savoury and healthy the same time

Waitress in sleeveless uniform with shorts...looks a little awkward...

There are so many other similar restaurants in the area and even in the same plaza, I don't think I will be back to Double Win..."
"Fat Bastard Burrito opens till 4am on Fridays and Saturdays!! It is the best thing I had at 3 am after couple of drinks (1,2,3,4,5,6.. ) on Queen West.

The lines seems to be long, but the friendly staff are just so efficient and it took around 10 minute for my order to be ready after I customize all the toppings (love the selections! noodles, cilantro, jalapenos, guac and more).

I really enjoyed the Battered Fish Burrito ($8.99) and Baja Chipotle Chicken Quesadillas ($8.49) I ordered to share as the after crawl snacks. Good value, tasty, fast and filling! 

Fat Bastard Burrito definitely my to go place for some comforting food after a night of drinking on West Queen West!

I love Fat Bastard!

P.S. no photos of the food because I was hungry, because I was drunk, because it was 3 am.. I just want to eat the damn thing!"
"If you or your SO are passionate for tennis, this is the place to shop for any tennis racquets, shoes and outfit.

The staffs here are knowledgeable and really know their products.

The website they have has all the pricing and you can do your research before going to the store!

If you want more personal services, I will suggest coming here instead of Sporting Life!"
"Primo : Exceptionally good of its kind; first-class

Primo Veal's Veal Sandwich ($5.95) is one of the best or even the best veal sandwich in the Scarborough area.

Here the veal is made to order fresh! Not like other places I have been to sitting for hours under the heated lamp!

Tender, Moist and Oh so delicious! 

Eating can be messy! Sauce can be splashed everywhere! 

Friendly staff warned me about the chili oil, but I love spicy and hot!

Writing this review is making me hungry for one of those.... NOW!"
"You may find Bakery 18's in various supermarket including Foody Mart next door. 

I like how all their buns are wrapped in plastic bag individually as sometimes a lot of self served Chinese bakeries might have tons of customers handing bun and pastries.

Aside from the traditional BBQ or Coconut buns, there are also traditional Taiwanese pastries. You can also order special cake and pastries for special occasions."
"3.5 Star

My Yelp friend was so relax and chill while we were chowing down Tacos at Yo Amo Tacos. The interior deco does reminds me of Playa del Carmen or somewhere in a resort area in Mexico. We were sitting at the sun room area overlooking a small ravine, not a beach but I can really use my imagination!

I really want a real Margarita but apparently the bartender was not in the house and no cocktails or foo foo drinks for me... (hopefully next visit!) I ended up having a Negra Modelo ($7.25)

We also shared: 

Fish Ceviche Taco ($6) - Fish or Seafood? Tasted a little bland and the seafood was hard and dry.. I have to remind myself I am not in Mexico!

Tuna Tartar Tostada ($7) - Really tasty and the condiments complimented the tuna tartar perfectly, will order again!

Short Rib Taco ($6) - Meat was tender and flavoured

Fish Taco ($6) - Fish was dry and mushy 

(Most of the tacos were really saucy and piled high with fillings, making eating a messy and tricky experience.)

And for dessert, the most important part of the meal, we shared:

Grilled Pineapple with Mexican Vanilla Ice Cream and Dulce de Leche ($8) - love everything! A great combination of texture, taste and presentation!

Churros in a Maya Chocolate Sauce ($7) - Churros were a little doughy but love the chocolate sauce.... and the presentation was interesting!

We really enjoyed our experience! A taste of Mexico up in Vaughan! 

I definitely will be back to have more dessert and hopefully a real Margarita next time!

Salud!"
"I love Fish! I love Grilled Fish! 

I love Grouper and I was lucky enough to come to The Fish Store for a late lunch when they have Grouper as the Catch of the Day! Sweet! 

Grilled Grouper Sandwich ($7.30) tasted so good... so refreshing.... so healthy tasting.........munching munching munching....... 

Homemade Lemonade ($2.65) can be a tad too sweet, but you can always order it half sweetened.... BTW, I love freshly squeezed lemonade too! 
 
I love the small business homey vibe! This place makes me feel like I am in a food stand at a fishing village eating the catch of the day! PS it is a sin to deep fried fresh fish!!

On my lucky day, the weather is nice and sunny... I can enjoy my sandwich on the patio.... i would not have come on a rainy day.. where am I going to eat my sandwich?? 

I am feeling all the love! I will be back for more on another nice sunny day!!!"
"3.5 Star

Best Homemade Burger in Town?

Maybe not the best of the best but it is up there if you want freshly grounded in house burger and cooks on a grill instead of flat top, looks no further!

Chef Burger ($7.99) in a whole wheat bun topped with a Special garlicky sauce was A-OK.

I could suggest less toppings and sauces because one can barely taste the meat itself.

Maybe next time I will try a Iranian Sandwiches: Beef or Lamb Tongue or even a Bandari!"
"For our Oyster Party we got 

French Kiss ($14.99/dozen)
Beach Angels ($16.99/dozen)
Lucky Lime ($15.99/dozen)
Pemaquid ($19.99/dozen)

From Diana's Seafood Delight. And we were all delighted!

All the oysters were fresh and tasty! 

The staffs are friendly and knowledgeable in making recommendations for you!

Now as I can shuck them at home, I definitely will be back to Diana's for more!!"
"Back to Hung Fook Tong after 4 years. 

Everything looks the same as last visit: menu and deco. But fortunately the service has improved quite a bit. Even on a Friday night, we got our order with minimum wait time!

芒果奶皇糯米茲 ($5) Sweet Heart Rice Cake Wrap with Mango Custard Filling
什果西米露($5.80) Sago with Assorted Fruit
五福臨門 ($6) Assorted Sesame Rice Balls in Coconut Soup
香芋燉奶 ($6) Taro Cream Brulee in Chinese Style

Everything was quite tasty. I think my friend is in love with the Sweet Heart Rice Cake now...

I definitely be back next time when I am in the area."
"Cresthaven Golf Club is one of the few Par 3 golf course in the Markham area. 

Great for beginners as all the holes has really simple layout: no doglegged or water hazards at all!! I hate those ponds and streams!!

Price is decent starting from around $20 for a round.

Fairways and putting greens are not too well maintained... but I seen worse.

But if you are more experienced or want some challenge, you might find this course a little boring!

If you have a foursome, make sure to print out the coupon which enble one golfer plays free."
"This Galleria Supermarket location has been moved to 7040 Yonge Street.

http://www.yelp.ca/biz/galleria-supermarket-thornhill-vaughan"
"Accurate Time is a little little shop inside Market Village. 

It is the place I always bring my watches to get the batteries changed! The owner/experienced technician is always nice and friendly and always get the job done! 

I know I can get a battery from Dollar Store to change the battery of my watches but I am more than happy to pay the starting from $5 he charges. Sometimes you do need to equipments open up the body of the watches... instead just prying it open with a screwdrivers or knives!"
"I always take Ramsden Park as a short cut whenever I need to walk from Rosedale Station to Davenport/Annex, really enjoyable walk doesn't matter what seasons.

Softball Diamond, Skating/Hockey Rink, Children's Play area and even Tennis Courts!

Great off leash dog park area with an active Dog Owner's Association.. you can find them on Facebook if you want to find some playmates for your dogs.

Activities for all ages and all seasons... 

Or you can just like me, taking a leisure walk is as refreshing!

The street parking across the tennis courts and skating rink is only 1 hour from 10 am to 3 pm, other time you will need a permit.... just in case you are driving down!"
"$5? I only have $5 for lunch and dinner....

But I definitely can be full and happy from that $3.99 Chicken Biryani I got from Biryani Depot.

3 piece of chicken buried in all these rice... a full box packed all the way to the top. Nicely spiced and seasoned... that drumstick for sure is nice and tender...

And it taste better during dinner with I heat that up in the microwave...........

Oh.. I have change left.. enough for me to go to New Spiceland Supermarket at the same plaza to get a Mango Juice ($ .75) as dessert.........

If you prefer vegetarin biryani? $2.99 each! Maybe I can treat my vegetarian friend!"
"Afternoon Tea Specials at Leslie Cafe is A-OK.

I am not complaining too much as I got

Rice Noodle Soup with Beef Brisket  and a Hong Kong Style milk tea for $3.99

The noodle was served boiling hot... so so hot that I burnt the side of my mouth... 

The Milk Tea did get a little cool by the time I finished slurping my noodles.... next time I should have request to be serve after my meals!!

Cash ONLY!"
"So sad that Southbrook Farms & Pumpkin Patch not opening again for Fall 2013!

Thanks for bring all the fun and happiness for kids and adults all through the last 25 year!"
"Dolce Lucano is a delightful surprise. Prior to visiting, I thought I was going to a meat shop... 

Dolce Lucano does carries meat but special kind of meat: Salumi, which are Italian cured meat products and predominantly made from pork, that is cured in salt and not encased before aging.

Here in Dolce Lucano all their Salumi are prepared in house: Prosciutto, Sopressata, Caccciatore, Capicollo, Pancetta and more. Aside from pork products, there are also cacciatore that made from wild boar. 

My advice is to talk to the friendly staff here which is so knowledgeable with all the products. We ended up picking up a piece of Gunaciale (jowl of the hog) which is good for cooking. I also want to try one of their house cured prosciutto but I guess I would have to come back another time to pick some up!

Now I can start dreaming about a charcuterie plate, a glass of wine and pretend I am in Italian under the warm sunshine.........  or maybe even some Culatello!!"
"Pepper Wok still the same since my last visit.. similar pricing, similar specials..

I was here though for their Hainanese Chicken with Rice ($7.50). Boneless chicken was great for lazy person like me... soft and well flavoured. The rice though definitely the star of the dish, fragranted and garnished with ginger and garlic. I ate the whole plate all by myself.........and I am not a rice lover.

Huge portion and at a reasonable price.. great meal for under $10! What more can I ask for?"
"This Sunset Grill was packed on a Sunday afternoon. I was lucky enough to arrive before the rush, so I got seated right away. 

Services here was fast, efficient and friendly!

3 eggs over easy with Rye toasts ($5.49) and Sunset Waffle ($6.49) were both A-OK. Freshly prepared to order, so it might take awhile when the restaurant is busy.

Free WIFI and bottomless coffee ($1.89) always a nice touch!!"
"3.5 star

Yelp didn't bring me to Epicure. I just walk into Epicure randomly without looking at any reviews or menus.. so I just got lucky....

Brunch serves Saturday and Sunday till 5:00 pm has quite a few selections of Egg Benedicts and Omelettes... not easy to make decisions.

Milano (East Coast crab, green onion and Asiago cheese) Omelette ($9.95) and Egg Benedict Florentine ($9.95) were both nicely done. Especially that huge Omelette was so fluffy and soft.. one of the best I had..... I think I will get the Omelette for sure next time!

Epicure Cafe and Grill have just this unpretentious and friendly vibe, Though the food may not wow you, but everything is solid here!! I can't wait to come back to have a drink on their Roof Top Patio!!"
"Me eyeing the selection of maki roll of Osaka Sushi..... prices starting from $5.99 for a California Roll.. 

Not like it is the great deal.. since Osaka Sushi is just one of those places inside the Galleria food court... and eating at food court you expect dirt cheap prices.

Black Dragon Roll ($8.84)
- BBQ eel over California Roll
- that is almost the price what I paid for a sushi lunch specials at the Ichiban down the road...
- mmmm, yummmmm... I just love eel...especially when every piece of the roll has this huge piece of eel on top...
- The shari rice for the roll was surprising good.. with a good balance of vinger and excellent bite to it
- The only complain is just there were too much sauce and it kind of cover the taste of tobiko

eel.. how I love eel.........."
"Toronto Eaton Centre is more like a tourist attraction than where local people will shop...(unless everything else are closed during statuary holidays) 

Of course unless you live downtown.. doesn't really worth a drive down and pay for parking and everything. Eaton Centre just another faceless, unforgettable Mall just like all those up at the Suburbs. 

Eaton Centre though has a lot of foot traffic from the Dundas subway station and people walking through The PATH. If you want to spend a leisure afternoon window shopping. this is not the place. Feels like people are all racing off to somewhere and will definitely run you over it they need to. 

If you lucky enough to have out of towner visiting, I guess you have to bring them to Eaton Centre for a photo or 2.."
"La Silmo's Optical is located inside Oriental Centre at the corner of Brimley and Sheppard.

It is a smaller optical store compare to the bigger ones at First Markham Place/Pacific Mall so the selection may not be as good.

The lady that serves me is nice and pleasant. She is really patient in helping me select what fit my face and my budget. Even take photos of me in different angle while I trying on the frames to see how I look like. (My camera now really comes in handy!!) 

Can't wait to wear my new glasses next week!"
"3.5 Stars

Tasty House should be call the ""New"" Tasty House.

A brand new menu, A complete makeover, A new Chinese name...

Tasty House is not a Hong Kong Style Cafe anymore but more of a Congee/Noodle/Rice Roll restaurant.

There are quite a few new Chinese restaurants in the area specialized in this house made steamed rice roll and Tasty House is one of the better ones! I love how the texture of the rice roll has a little more chewy texture.

Plain Rice Roll ($1.99)
Fisherman Congee ($4.99)
Spicy Ox Tail ($3.99)

The food we ordered were all quite good. Come before 11 am and you can pick any congee with any rice roll for $4.99 as breakfast special! This is a good deal!

Most of the other noodles dishes are around $5 or so and comes with a soy milk drink.

Tasty House is a good place to come for some congee and rice roll and even some soup noodle. at a good price!

Cash Only!"
"We dropped by Izakaya Ju on a rainy afternoon for lunch after reading the excellent yelp review by Joyees Y. We were not disappointed. 

We were welcomed by the staffs with nice and friendly smile. The restaurant was not busy, so we got excellent services. The lunch menu was quite small with just 6 items so easy for us to make a decision. 

The Yakitori Don (grilled chicken on rice) is really tasty. The chicken was grilled to perfection. The meat is not dry, really juicy and tender. The skin has this smoky/charcoal favour. (I ate the skin too! Hmmm I never eat the skin because it is not healthy.. but what I will do for good tasting food!) The rice is the round and sticky Japanese rice, it really makes this dish so much more authentic. 

The Ja-Ja Men is just ok... remind me of eating pasta with meat sauce. Though the udon noodles here in this dish is served cold or luke warm? The pork sauce though really plentiful. I will not order this item next time when I am here.. Might try the grilled duck or fish instead. 

Our waitresses were both nice and friendly. Our teacups were filled numerous of time without us requesting! 

Izakaya Ju for sure is a nice and quiet lunch. The staffs and the cooks are proud of making sure their customers has a great meals. BTW, I would not really consider this as a Izakaya. More like a little family restaurant for people to hang out. It really lacks the atmosphere. 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I have to agreed with the other reviewers about the layout of this Canadian Tire. There are so much merchandise in the middle of the store, it has this discount store vibe.

Funny thing when I looking for something I needed, the shelves were empty?! Thanks for the ability to check on inventories on the website, I know they have those Mason Jars in stock. The staff was really responsive and actually went to the back storage and retrieved the item. (+1 star)

From now on, I will probably just pre ordered the merchandise online first before I drop by the store. It can be quite frustrating and time consuming shopping experience."
"So sad...

We walked all the way to Le Canard Libere and thinking I can have a taste of their Poutine again.... but they no longer has that on the menu anymore.

The service though is still so good! The staff let me sampled some of their products and so welcoming too!

On a happier note, now I can find a lot of their duck products in grocery stores in Toronto area... but where are the Foie Gras! I want that!!! I want!!!"
"Thanks so much for the $1 Americano Yelp Check in Offer! I could not resist this great check in offer as I was looking for some where for coffee in the area.

The decor here is cozy. I love their pink logo and theme. The prettiest take out coffee lids: baby pink, but you can also go low key with the traditional white ones!

Sam James beans are used and the pull was A-OK.

Seating though limited but it was not too busy when I was there. The vibe is a lot laid back then Hot Black Coffee across the street. 

I almost went to a Starbucks but it was good to support local business!"
"My Cup of Tea Dessert is my cup of tea!

I can feel the love and care of the baker/owner put in every single dessert. 

You are welcome to drop by to enjoy a cup of tea (a huge selection of loose leaf tea or a coffee) and order a scone or a cake to go with that. And for that special get together, one of those themed tea set. 

All the pastries they serves here are just so colourful and playful! It is just like one of the tea parties in the fairy tales land."
"This Second Cup is located at Bathurst and Rutherford... in the same plaza where you can get Aroma Espresso or Starbucks!

A big note saying 1 Hour limit for seating..It is the only coffee place I been to that posted a time limit, I wondering if they would enforce it or not.. but when I was there, the place was half empty.. so should not be an issue.

Nice armchair area makes it feel like you are enjoying your coffee at someone living room.

I like how Second Cup usually have more than 1 kind of drip coffee... their espresso products I found they are just meh.

Free Wifi."
"Pepper Wok is another Hong Kong Style restaurant that serving everything you can imagine..

- Western dishes with the Hong Kong twist
- Taiwanese style dishes
- Northern Chinese food
- Thai food
- Vietnamese food

The menu is not really extensive in choices but do have sample of all the above.

Dropped by for lunch, the lunch set is $5.99 that includes a drink. I ordered the Curry pork chop with rice. The Curry does have a kick of spiciness in it and the pork chop is the thin lean type.. more like a pork tenderloin.  The free soup that comes with it though is really bland... more like coloured water :)

You can also order the non set items in the menu and 70 cents extra will get you a hot drink.

I will definitely tried out some of their hot spicy noodles.. I love to see menu that has all those hot chilli next to it.

Cash Only!"
"Ichiriki Japanese Restaurant is crazily busy during lunch rush. I was lucky to be here right at 12:00 and grab that last seat at the sushi bar.

Kudo to the wait staff which was so efficient. The kitchen and the lone sushi chef though was overwhelmed with orders. If you expect a true Japanese restaurant experience, you might be disappointed. The goal here is to get people out as fast as possible so they can go back to work during lunch.

Their $15 daily lunch special is good deal if you want to have a taste of everything. They also have other lunch bento set available.

Food was ok. Price is reasonable. 

Dinner experience might be totally different but the price though is a lot more.

Watching Sushi Chef going crazy with the waitress just dumping orders in front of him was quite entertaining."
"I been trying to go to the other Say Tea II location on Yonge at Eglinton but they always close so early on Sundays... and I was delighted that I can finally visit one of their stores.

Say Tea is a lot more traditional Victorian tea shop when compare to the newer franchise of DavidTea or Teaopia. 

The decoration is more traditional and they also carry more traditional style tea set accessories. 

They do have a huge selections of tea. In order to sample or smell some of their tea, you will need staff assistance.. and with only 2 staffs working on a busy Sunday Christmas Shopping rush.. basically you will be out of luck.

The store inside is a little cramped too... but it was fun browsing around."
"Jamaican Food in Pickering?!! 

I was having the winter blues.... dreaming about the beach and ocean in Negril and soothing beat of reggae music.

I parked my car in front of the parking lot. It looks like a fast food place? I don't want to eat from styrofoam boxes and paper plates like most of the Jamaican food joint I been to....

Jerk Chicken Small ($8) was served in a real plate with plating. There were 6 pieces of chicken with sauce. Rice and peas/side salad. 

Beers! They have beers! Red Stripe, Dragon Stout, Carib....

Drinks! They have Caribbean soft drinks (love ginger beers!)  and fruit drinks! Ting Soda anyone?

Patois does offers take out and full service dine in experience. My waitress checked on me a couple of time and made sure I was happy drinking my ABV 7.5% Stout.... 

They also have red snapper, ackee, salted fish, escovitch fish stew, curry chicken/goat, different stew and other traditional Jamaican dish.

Patois does offers authentic Jamaican experience and food. I do wish I was actually in Negril when I left the restaurant and back in the cold..."
"Mimi Noodle House is another one of those Yunnan Noodle place that have been opening up all around GTA the last 6 month or so.

The power of social media is making this place popular with all the photos on instagram. This is just another noodle place. Not worth the line up and the ahh and the wow...

Come if there is not line up. The staff here is super friendly and nice.

Mimi Rice Noodle with Hot Spicy Sauce ($8.99) was A OK. I do like how hot their stone pot as it kept the soup hot for a long time. 

May give their Hunan Fresh Noodle a try next time."
"Gelato! 

Dolce Gelato is a great addition to The Danforth area. I am a little bias when it comes to frozen dessert especially when it is hot out!

Great selections of flavours, Great Services, Opens Late, Trendy Vibes and there are NO ice cream parlour in the area that is as good as Dolce. Or I am not even sharing there is any??!

Yelp Drinking Buddy really enjoyed his choice of gelato... and I love gelato so much that I am enjoying my gelato even when I am coughing so much... cough cough... YDB can I taste yours?? cough cough..."
"Crema Coffee Co. is one of the cafes that participate in the Indie Passport. 

The deco is white and simple with tables packed closely together since Crema Coffee can be quite crowded with customers parked themselves using their Free Wifi enjoying their beverages. The deco is not too homey or rustic.. just clean and maybe too clean for my taste. IKEA style clean! 

The staffs here are really nice and cheerful... with smiley faces... and the bubbly cashier kept talking to my friend admiring his Indie Passport while people (me and some more) lining up waiting to be served. 

The Cappuccino is A-OK always love those latte art since I cannot do it myself :P The Oolong tea was in loose leaf tea form served in a French press, no yucky tea bag!! AAA-OK! 

Why bother going to Starbucks across the street when you can go to Crema!!"
"Thanks for Dishan for suggesting Cafe Pamenar as one of our Koffee Krawl stops for this beautiful sunny Sunday!! 

The space... just love the space... a bar like vibe... in fact, Cafe Pamenar is really trying to get a license to sell alcohol.... so it is going to be a Bar Bar or an Espresso Bar? 

Friendly staffs working the cash and espresso machine... Barista did take a long long time to make 1 drink.... So long I lose interest waiting and someone else just took my Cappuccino by mistakes!! 

Communal Table at the back is quite nice and spacious... good place for us to park ourselves and enjoy our coffee and sweet... 

I could not resist when I saw that HUGE nutella cookie ($2) I just want to smell it and taste it!! :)"
"Why I like Shopping at MVR?

A lot varieties of products from around the World! 

Most of the products are not in bulk so good for home cooks and you can try them out before load it up.

Food focus: I do get inspired even just walking around.

Commercial Needs: Maybe I will open something?

Free Membership needed please inquire for details."
"Dog Care Wonderland is a Chinese owned franchise of dog services and supplies in the Toronto area.

If you are against Pet shops selling live stocks like dogs and cats.. you will not be happy shopping here. Since on the right side of the stores, you will be seeing kennels displaying a few puppies for sale.

The decoration here is really basic.. like they just have some non painted wooden shelf and then set it up and stock it with some merchanise and then ready for business....

Go somewhere else if you want better selections and more ethic shopping experiences!"
"Buttermilk Fried Half Chicken with Scallion Biscuit and a  Choice of Side ($17)

That's the only thing that I need to know and would order from now on at White Brick Kitchen.

The batter is crispy and light with the perfect seasoning. 

The half chicken so juicy and tender and fingerlicking good!

Eating this perfect fried chicken while staring at KFC across the street.. and now my friend you know why I don't eat Popeyes or KFC?! I am saving my fat and cholesterol intake for this! 

4 Cheese Mac 'n Cheese  with  Oven Dried Tomatoes and  Garlic Toast ($14) was just passable.

Maybe we should have just order 2 orders of Fried Chicken instead?

I will be back more more Fried Chicken!"
"That BBQ pig heads and all those duck heads really makes a great photo opportunities! 

When we arrived at almost closing time at Kum Hong BBQ Restaurant.. not much choices left.. all the Roasted duck was gone... 1/5 of the roasted pig left... and some BBQ pork.

Customers lining up trying to get some takeout to share with their families.. or in our case, we just too lazy to cook... 

BBQ Pork is A-OK! Good mix of fat and lean pork... a little salty but balanced out with a hint of honey. 3 Star

Roasted Pork is one of the best I have. Skin still perfectly crisp, and that crunchy sound that it made in my mouth is just priceless!! The pork itself is nice, tender and juicy... hmmmmm... 4 Star

I think we will definitely be back if some one doesn't feel like cooking a full meal... and it might be next week!!

Service here is fast but indifferent... but who cares?

They accepts Cash only!"
"Mon K Patisserie - I fell in love after my first visit and I wish I have one of this Japanese French fusion bakery in my neighbourhood.

The decor is cute and I love the sock monkey theme. The outdoor seating area in front of the store on the sidewalk looks like a setting from one of the romantic anime.

Choices and Selections.. There are a lot to choose from. 

Kuro Goma Pudding ($3.20) - Light and Smooth, I do love Black Seasame
Chestnut Pie with Almond Cream ($3.20) - Rich and Buttery, I do love Chestnut
Mizudashi Sencha ($2.20) - Cold Brewed Green Tea, high in antioxidant 

Since I was having everything to go, the staff did package them securely for me. I can see the care and pride they have in their products.

I will be back for some cream puffs and other pastries. Definitely worth visiting when in the neighbourhood."
"The nice owner/server at Gourmet Schnitzel House asked me ""Who sent you here?""

""Yay! My Yelp Friend sent me here..........""

He probably realized something fishy going on, when he saw me walked into the empty restaurant alone at 2:30 pm looking for food......

House Schnitzel with Potato ($9.95)
- The dish is garnished with a lemon slice and potato salad as in traditional Austria Schnitzel
- The meat itself though I found it a little dry and not as tender as I would expect... the batter though flavoured was a little on the heavy side
- It was a struggle to try cutting up the schnitzel due to the toughness of the meat

They were out of Apple Strudel which is the usual dessert I would have ordered, so I ended up having 

Palascinta (crepes) with Apricot/Plum ($4.95)
- It was just Meh...
- The crepes itself is the more doughy and was pre made, all they did was just put the filling inside
- The apricot one was not bad, but the Plum once was just overstuffed with fillings all I tasted was the sour Plum...

Maybe I came in during their down time as they don't really expect anyone to be ordering food? The owner though really nice, kept asking how my food was.... can I tell him just read my Yelp review?

The parking lot is pathetic... but there's free one hour parking right on Kingston Road after 9 pm... so parking should not be an issue.

2.5 star"
"Newly Opened Marshalls is well stocked!! 

Huge shoe department with great selection for the whole family! They even has my size!! 

The tech department has quite an interesting selection of smartphone accessories.... All priced reasonably too! 

Staff working hard restocking, tidying up the existing stock and even helping customers with shoe sizes!! 

Neat and we'll organized.. I really enjoy browsing here more than Winners across the street."
"This is the brand new location of Galleria Supermarket in Thornhill replacing http://www.yelp.ca/biz/galleria-supermarket-thornhill which is up at 7171 Yonge Street!

After reading all these reviews about Galleria Supermarket, I was all excited and filled with anticipation when I walked through their sliding doors...

I am faced with a clean Korean supermarket.. just too clean.. too organized... 

Galleria has this wonderful banchan bars... those little crabs sure looks good to snack on while drinking a beer or 2...

Galleria Supermarket still a good place if you want to get some Korean groceries and try to make some Hot Spicy Soon Tofu with all these Hot Chili Powder... And the meat... just looking at those ribs makes me imagine how they tasted like on a Korean BBQ plate!

24/7 business hour is always A-OK for me!! :)

There are now 3 different food places for me to get my cheap Korean and Japanese food fix at the food court! Though they are not open 24/7 but close at 9 pm...."
"2.5 Stars.

I may come back to Hung Fook Tong.. but I may not.

The services though is nice and friendly but the 2 simple desserts that we order which does not required any cooking, heating or anything at all took over 20 minutes to arrive. And the place is not busy... 4 tables?? 

We ordered the Fresh Fruit mix with ice cream ($8.00) and the Tapioca dessert with Durian ($4.25). I have to agreed with Tina N, that they use too many canned varieties in the Fresh Fruit.. (do they understand what means by Fresh?? Canned Fresh?) Blackened canned pineapple is not fresh fruits!.

I do enjoy my Durian Tapioca soup. There were tons of Durian inside.. Ok they are not fresh but they are tasty.. :) And plus they give me bad breath! or Durian Sweet breath!

Cash only!"
"4.5 star 

Tea Dynasty located on Yonge Street just South of Bloor does look like one of those DavidsTea or Teaopia franchise stores that I frequent. 

However, at Tea Dynasty you would not find those non tea products that the other place carries. Here all the tea are mostly Chinese tea or Chinese tea blended. What I would say is Real Tea. 

The other difference is here the staff really knows their Tea and really care about their products they are selling. For every tea they sell, they put that in a tin can since it is the best way to make sure the tea leaves are fresh and instructions are given to make sure that the customers knows what they are doing without ruining their tea. 

Me and my friend did a free tea tasting of 3 different tea: 
Black Tea: Golden Needle of Tanyang Congou ($17.99/50g) 
Oolong: Big Red Robe ($17.99/50g) 
Tea of the Week : Fruity type blended green tea 

Using the traditional Chinese tea set, the staff made the tea and shared them with us. It was a really enjoyable experience. He even suggested us to come back to try a few more teas before actually buying some to drink at home. (since one can only taste a few tea per session before your taste buds lost their senses) 

I really suggest beginning tea drinkers to go and visit Tea Dynasty and taste some of their tea. Tea quality and pricing are reasonable starting from $5.99 to $23.99/50g. You might not find the most exotic Chinese tea here but it is priced well for everyday consumption. 

Super friendly and knowledgeable staff makes Tea Dynasty's tea shopping and tasting experience awesome! 

Free WIFI and all the prices are taxes in. There is also a little seating area if you do want enjoy your cup of tea here with some sweets. 

They accepts Visa and MasterCard."
"This is probably my first and last time visiting Bento sushi.

I didn't expect much especially at this price point. But my Sukiyaki Beef Bento Box ($9.99) just made me feeling sad. Those 4 California Rolls with tons of smashed together rice. Eating that was just like eating a dense block of sticky rice. 

End of the day Sushi Special at 30% off. I really not sure if I would eat those after I looked at them in the display.

There was only 1 staff taking order and assembling prep made food together.

Really I could not stop laughing when I saw the sign about how the sushi made fresh daily by talented sushi chef."
"We were hungry or at least I was hungry and it is past 10:30 pm, Shangri-La Hot Pot Restaurant seems to be a good option for some AYCE hot pot action!

Grand Opening Special 10% off but they added 10% Service Charge to the bill. 

Since the Chinese name 香鍋里辣 of Shangri-La is Spicy Hot Pot (there is no direct relation between Chinese and English), I decided to order one of the spicy broth to try for a surcharge of $4.50. For the basic broth without surcharge, they only have the plain broth. Spicy is not that spicy at least if you can eat as spicy as me. I would opt for extra spicy next time. 

Though the choice of item available is a limited, but they all prepared well. Canadian AAA Beef and New Zealand Lamb on the menu which were pretty good cut. I like the home made wontons too. The vegetables was fresh and washed properly Whole shrimp with heads on was good too.

We were the only table here so we got good service. The lady checked on us frequently and even brought out free refill of plum juice in a jar for us without us requesting.

Shangri-La is not a bad option if you want some late night hot pot since it is open till 2 am especially on a cold wintery night!"
"The Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge for Transborder flight at Terminal One is one of the nicest airport lounges I have been to.

It helps that it is relatively new. There are so much space. You will never feel cramped together nor have problem finding a seat.

All the drinks here are self served. They do have beers, wine, hard liquior.. and you can help yourself and down your drinks with some salty pretzels and peanuts.

They also provide free WiFi access, but you do need to contact the front desk for a password or you can use the computer terminal they provide for free.

A nice and quiet place to relax before your flight or to get yourself together after lining up through check in, US immigration and Security check."
"A quiet afternoon unwinding at Tsujiri with my favourite Matcha soft serve? 

This sounds impossible until I ventured into Tsujiri's North York Location. Love the lighting and the set up that gives the space a feel of zen and tranquility. Japanese Style Tea House, the way it should be. 

The back room area has this nice communal table of reclaimed wood. I totally love that. So much character and attention of details.

And now the 2nd floor serving Japanese food?! 

I need to come back for another visit."
"PJ's Pet Center is located inside The Pickering Town Centre. 
 
The store itself is huge, spacious and well stocked compare to other PJ's Pet Centers.

The only thing I am not too comfortable are all the live stocks they carries.. over 20 puppies for sale... as PJ always priced their dogs at an unbelievable inflation prices and of course the source of the puppies are always quite questionable.

Staffs here are not as helpful as the smaller pet supply stores like Global or Pet Valu and the lack of the better quality pet food."
"Is there any non chain, non Franchise establishment with a decent patio up at Richmond Hill??? Think hard!! Are there?? 

Ended up me and My Hot Yoga Date ended up at Moxies... yes it is just so boring... I would like some suggestion where to go and if you think about somewhere decent, please kindly message me!! 

You see all these waitresses with their nice tan, heavy make up, low cut top with their push up bras in their shorts and heels..... I feel like I am at a Hooters or something.....anyway, for my Hot Yoga Date, dressing like that would not automatically get you a big fat tip, we looking for services..... 

Menu is predictable but I do think that's great that Moxie has daily drink specials, Monday is beer for $3.99 for the whole day and for Sunday is Caesar for $4.99. 

Our waitress was just so slow in every possible way: slow to take our food order, slow to get our bills, slow even taking our money...........maybe her heels slowing her down? or her top just too tight? 

My Kiwi Mojito ($5.99) is made of fresh fruits, quite refreshing but I barely tasted the alcohol, the proof is my face did not even turn red after I drank that and I didn't feel anything at all! 

Sweet potatoes fries($7.75) was quite good, but definitely small in portion! We were attacking it and it was gone so fast..... might be because we were fighting for it, that 's make it exceptionally tasty! 

I might come back on Monday for their Beer Specials......I don't think anything should get wrong just ordering a beer? 

Patio is full of smokers, they should start having non smoking section even on the patio!!"
"I have a total different experience than Wayne when I shop at Chinese Bakery.  I walked in on a weekday afternoon. The staffs welcoming me and kept showing me where the salty buns are! I though looking for sweet pastry to satisfy my sweet teeth!

I love how they have those $1 for 3 or $1 for 2 or $1.5 for 2 selections. Ended up I picked 3 different sweet Chinese Bakery and 2 butter cakes for $2 total no taxes.

I love the peanut sweet rice ball I got.. it has chunk of peanuts inside and the peanut kept falling off to the ground since they put so much inside! The green onion buns has a lot of green onions too.. but make sure you chew some gum to get rid of the onion breath!

I for sure will be back to try out other pastries, since there are so many selections!"
"It took me 1 year to give Yu Seafood's dim sum a second try and I had been back twice already in March. And the experience and food has improved so much that I decided to write an update.

I tried out quite a few items on the menu, not everything was perfect but a big improvement from the nightmarish experience I had last time. Gone was the huge serving plates and sweet/sour sauce in the plating!

Beef Rice Roll (M) 碧綠牛肉腸 - 3/5
Cashew Nut Chicken and Vegetable Dumplings (M) 潮洲田園粉果皇 - 4/5 love the wrappings 
Mixed Puff with Pork (M) 香梨咸水- 4/5 They are just too cute!
Mushroom and Vegetable Dumplings (M) 野珍菌菜苗餃 - 2.5/5 Not too much flavour and the wrapping too thick
Portugese Egg Tarts (M) 葡式旦撻 - 1/5 just don't order that...
Special BBQ Pork Bun (M) 天下第一包 - 4.5/5 just as good or better than a year ago: Sweet and Savoury!
Steamed Chicken Feet (M)麒麟醬鳯爪 - 3/5 OK 

Deep Fried Durian Cake (L) 飄香榴蓮酥- 2/5 usually I love Durian dessert, but the oil that was they used made it tasted stale
Mixed Mushroom and Veggie Roll (L) 米湯鮮竹卷- 2.5/5 Nice presentation but not worth for 2 small rolls
Pork and Shrimp Shumai (L) 錦袍燒賣皇 - 3/5 not much flavour and lack texture, no meat juice and no wow
Shrimp and Scallops Dumplings (L) 乾明太魚餃- 4/5 so cute! I wish the kitchen would do more dumplings like this
Shrimp Dumplings (L)  漁膳鮮蝦餃- 4/5 big bouncy shrimps used for the filling and love the perfect wrappings!

Lobster and Fish Congee (SP) 龍蝦斑球粥- 5/5 just order this if you are a congee and seafood lover! Almost every table put in an order of congee.

I guess I would be coming back! :)"
"Imagine how it is when you are feed like are in a factory assemble line?
Imagine waitress just throw food on your table without stopping?
Imagine you are in a small crowded restaurant when the only goal of the waitstaffs is to get you out ASAP so more customers can be served?

Hanabi Sushi is the place to be! Runned by Korean sushi chef owner with 1 Korean waitress and one Mandarian speaking waitress.

The price here is really cheap.. you can get a all day specials for $6.95 or a lunch special for $4.95  which included salad, soup, appetitizers, main course and ice cream at a lighting speed!

After I order, my salad and appetitizer and Korean congee appeared on my table in the count of 5! Then in less than 5 minute my table is full of food!

The miso soup is really strange mixture of bean sprout, shredded carrot and tofu.. it is a huge bowl and does not taste like miso soup at all!

Another disappointment is there are only Salmon for Sashimi.. so in my combo B ($10.95) I have only Salmon instead of a mix Sashimi. The sushi roll I found the rice are little hard and they are not the real round sushi rice. 

Tempera has 2 shrimps and 2 yams.. they tasted ok.. for the price I paid..at least the shrimps are fresh.

Services here is fast and impersonal.

It will be a good place if you are starving student on a limited budget and just want to stuff yourself with food... but if you looking for quality over quantities, go somewhere else.

They accepts all credit cards."
"Aloette is the Sister of Alo located in the same building. 

A casual French bistro and a complete different approach to food compare to Alo. I love the concept and the playful menu.

The interior is chic and welcoming. Since it is first come first serve with no reservation, I suggest to come by early for dinner or a late lunch to minimize wait time. Since it is new and everyone wants to dine here, so don't be frustrated and surprised with the long wait for an available table.

Just like Alo, the service here is friendly and attentive. 

The dish here is great for sharing or even enjoy by yourself. And remember to save room for dessert!

3 of us shared:

Clam Casino ($14) - OK
Beef Tartare with Fries ($18) - Excellent!
Hamachi Tostada ($14) - Meh, hamachi over powered by other items
Lamb Shoulder Salad ($25) - Good
Broccoli ($9)  - Excellent
Apple Pie Sundae ($10) - Excellent

Most of the dish we ordered was a hit. And I have notice the menu kept changing, so hopefully my next visit I would love everything I order!

And of course I would be back!"
"Listening to light jazz and Frank Santra during lunch at The Chef's Table was quite relaxing. A break from the usual dining experience in and around Market Village.

Set Lunch: ($10.99)

Garlic Bread

House Salad with House Made Grapefruit Vingearette
- a good attempt but seems like trying to put too many elements that not total work together
- papaya, carmelized walnut all quite interesting
- bitterness, sourness, sweetness all in one

Curry Shrimp with Rice
- Think fusion: a little touch of light curry spice cooked with a dash of lemon and cream
- cooked when order as the shrimps were pan cooked in sauce when I finished eating my salad, a few of the shrimps were cold inside though
- Chinese broccoli as side veggie

Coffee

I love the concept of The Chef's Table. Though the choices are limited but at least you know everything is in season and freshly prepared.

Sadly for beer lovers, only Molson Canadian is available. 

I might be back for another lunch special. Even for dinner: Foie Gras App for $14?!

Service is polite and courteous. 

Cash Only."
"Pouring Rain and sharing my small pink umbrella with my Yelp Drinking Buddy making anywhere that has a drink and shelter desirable, and we just walked inside Shakey's.

If you are a sport fan or you going out with some one really boring, Shakey's for sure is the place to be!! No matter where you sit, you have a clear view of a TV or 2 with whatever games they are showing. So basically you can just ignore your date/friend pretending you watching TV and he/she would have do the same to you! 

Waitress was really friendly and check on us all the time. A good selection of draft $5.75 a pint which is quite reasonable. The food they offer is of a higher end pub fares sourcing from the other stores in the neighbourhood includes Rowefarm, Cob Bread, Snapper Fish Market. Organic and local with a price that reflects that! The last thing I expect is to have a Organic Burger in a Sport Pub?!

Shakey's friendly staff and laid back vibe makes it a decent place to hang if you are in the neighbourhood! They also have a smallish patio from at the front!"
"I love Flights...

Here at Museum Tavern they offers 4 different spirit flights of 2 oz in total:

- Remy Martins ($25)
- Oak Aged Cocktails ($14)
- Single Malt of the World ($20)
- Through the Region of Scotland ($20)

I really enjoyed my Oak Aged Cocktails Flights that are all Classic spirits cocktails. The neat thing is the bartender would spent the time and explain to you and it is really like a guided tasting.

Museum Tavern also serves wine, crafted cocktails and a decent selection of local crafted beers.

I love the vibe here. Classy but laid back. They also serves food too, and the setting is really bistro like.

Definitely a good place for a drink or 2 if you are in the area. Sitting at the bar and watching the bartender doing his magic is just a lot of fun!"
"The power of social media.. Top 10 new restaurants? All these 5 star reviews on Yelp?

Maybe I just have too high of expectation with 3030.

It is definitely a really cool neighbourhood joint with a decent selection of beer from local breweries ($7-$7.50). I can see myself having a drink or 2 here with my friends and chill a little. 

Tapas for $5, I am IN.. but the ones we ordered Veal Sweet Breads, Mixed Mushroom Tart and Butter Chicken Wings were all bad. Breads so salty, Tart  so sweet, Wings so bland.. Everything is off.. 

At 3030, no one knows what's going on.. What time the kitchen closes? 12 am, 11:00 pm.. then ended up it really closes at 10:30? 

No table services after 11 pm at the lounge area, which is ok with me, as I can get my drinks at the bar. Just this guy kept coming over and trying to clean our table every couple of minutes: napkins, almost finished glass, not really finished glass..

Live performance with no covers.. great to promote live music..but not good if you just want to chit chat with your friends over a draft or 2!

I just wish 3030 is better. I doubt I will be rushing back.. and definitely won't be rushing back here for their food!"
"Pottery Barn is a great furniture store to ""let's go in and take a look""!

As you never know what you might find as there is always discount and floor model on sale.

Just like someone looking for treasures, we found a floor model coffee table on sale at over 75% off hidden on displayed underneath some furniture! (Maybe my Yelp Friend has been using his ""Room Escape"" game skill?)

I guess have to drop by more often and see what they have!

Staff here is super friendly and nice."
"I was so surprise to see that Regal 16 http://www.yelp.ca/biz/regal-16-chinese-restaurant-richmond-hill closed down but is it really gone out of business or it really been relocated and rename to Richlane Chinese Cuisine.

Early Bird Dim Sum is worth waking up for as S/M/L sizes are all for $2.80 compare to $3.80 for a medium and  $4.80 for a Large one Regular price! What a saving! And for $2.80 they are great value!!

The friendly staff was quick to seat us and made sure that we able to submit our orders in before the 11am cutoff time! I guess my Yelp friend was a little hungry and we ended up ordering:

Steamed Shrimp Dumplings w/Bamboo Shoot (L) - really good! 

Steamed Minced Pork Dumplings Mixed w/Shrimp & Black Mushroom ""Siu Mai"" (M) - Love the bite size, I can pop those in my mouth and eat that the whole day!

Baked Diced Beef Fillet Tart w/ Onion & Wasabi Sauce(L) - A little too savoury but I do love the wasabi flavour!

Fried Minced Pork Mixed w/vegetable Buns Served in Casserole(L) - Meh. The fillings was a little dry

Steamed Assorted Seafood Dumplings w/ Lettuce Stem(L) - huge shrimp and with great bite, flavour is more delicate

Steamed Rice Noodle Wrapped with Sliced Angus Beef (L) - chunks of beef still cooked medium rare, I do prefer this compare to my normal minced mushy ones!

Deep Fried Squid Tentacles w/Spicy Salt (L) - huge portion and the squid still tender, good to snack on this with a beer?

Poached Magma Black Sesame Dumplings in Baked Soya Bean Flour (M) - I am a fan of freshly made black sesame of everything... 

There are 3 level of seating here, I do prefer the main dining room instead of the basement. The washrooms here are all individualized with its own sink but just don't let those ""haunted"" stories bother you..."
"Foody Mart at Bamburgh Circle can be a nightmarish experience to shop here. 

Parking always a problem, since there are few restaurants in the same plaza.

I found Foody Mart does have better pricing than T&T but is not as clean and organize..but worth coming if you can stand the parking situation and the crowds.

Opening till 12 AM everyday, I would come after 9 pm when it is not as busy!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and interac!"
"This Esso right at the corner of Hwy 7 and East Beaver Creek can gets pretty busy during Rush hours....seems like a convenient gas station for people working at ""Beaver Creek"" to fill up before hitting 404.

Small and outdated.. I usually avoid filling up here especially during weekday from 4:30-5:30 pm

No car wash... small dirty bathroom..."
"Maybe I drop by Canaan Cake Centre too early... Not really as it was almost 12:30 pm on a weekday.. the place was deserted... 

I walked into an empty store, empty in a way there was no staffs, hardly any ""cake"" on the shelf, 2 bags of stale looking walnut cake.. 

I wish I can smell that warm, sweet aroma of cake in the air, but nothing... 

So I walked out with nothing.... 

I have to admit I am spoiled after having the Walnut Cake at Hodo Kwaja.... 

I guess I just came to Canaan Cake Centre when there is nothing going on? I will give it a try again when I am in the area!"
"Kamayan/Boodle Fight is an experience to share food with friends. Kamayan or ""eat with your hands"": No plates, no cutlery and all fun!

JJM Dbarkadz's Kamayan feast at $15 pp with a minimum of 2. It is beautifully presented with array of colours! Meat, Seafood, Vegetables and Carbs. The serving was huge and for an order for 2, we were served with food that was enough to share with 3-4 ppl.

If you are a fan of Filipino cuisine or you want to have a taste of everything, I highly recommend you to give JJM Dbarkadz's Kamayan feast a try."
"2.5 star

Most Tea & Cafe is a newly opened cafe located just south of Finch on Yonge. Really conveniently if you want to meet up with a friend for some espresso drinks, herbal tea and even some dessert.

The interior is nicely decorated and quite roomy... benches and stools... no cushioned seating but is good enough to chill out with your friends or just surf online using their free Wifi.

Americano ($1.98) a little on the weak side but maybe it is personal as I prefer a stronger roast. 

Interesting selections of desserts with mini everything ""petite 4"", mousse, macarons and cookies for $2 or so each. Great if you want to snack on something and want to have a taste of a few different ones.

Why the low rating?
- Usually I would like to have a glass of water... but the only option here is to order one of the bottle water if I need just a sip
- None of the desserts are labelled..so I have no idea what they are, and the staffs have a hard time to explain to me.... not too helpful

My unidentified Verrine ($2.25) - all she said is nuts and Green Tea Macaron ($2) are A-OK. The top layer of the verrine a little dry but overall not bad.

Most Tea & Cafe does have a lot of potential, if they would work on customer services and even just put on some labels or train their staffs more on what they offers..."
"Nagomi Sushi is owned by Koreans and serves both Japanese and Korean fare.

The inside is nicely decorated with Japanese items and the waitress wear a Kimono looking outfit and so are the sushi chefs in their Japanese outfits.

They do offer reasonably priced lunch specials from $7.99. We decide to order Sushi Platter ($11.99) and Kalbi Bento Box ($9.99) so we can try both their Japanese and Korean food.

The fish selection of the sushi is just not too exciting since 4 of them are Salmon and the other 4 pieces are different fish and comes with Cali roll. The fish is cut quite big in portion to the rice. The Cali roll were rolled too loose because of the big avocado and they are falling apart when we try to pick them up with our chopsticks.

The BBQ ribs are quite tender and has a good marinated favour. I wouldn't mind ordering it again when I come back for a visit.

We really enjoyed the food, but they are A-OK but not WOW me! Both orders were nicely presented.. My sushi was served on this big boat :).

The service is attentive and friendly. I will definitely be back when I am in the area.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"Wanlee Loy is a great choice for a single diner like myself.

22 different choice of 1 plate dish for $6.99 with a pop, The selection is good for both spicy and non spicy lovers even for a Hakka restaurant, And of course I ordered mine extra spicy.

Food was cooked to order and my lunch was just hot hot and spicy hot, 

Great portion and friendly service.

Decor a little dated but feels homey."
"I only fuel up at this Esso Station if I am desperate.. and I am going East along 16th heading towards the 404.

Right at the intersection of Woodbine always so busy. making turning either Left or Right really difficult through out the day.

With T&T now opened right next to it... you can imagine the extra traffic load.

Avoid..."
"Passport To Prana is welcome at Buddha Body Yoga which is a cute little studio on Church Street just side of Wellesley. 

The entrance is really small just signs on the small entrance door so it is quite easy to miss.

The studio has 2 levels. The first level is where the reception area, a mediation room, man/woman change room and 1 unisex bathroom located.

The practice room which located in the top level has nice hard wood flooring and brightly lit with skylight. There are tons of props for you to utilize. 

Our instructor is nice and cheerful and really clear with all her instructions. Really appreciate that she goes around and help us to deepen our poses with her nice soft touch, the neck massage at the end is really soothing! Though it is a yin class, the music is quite upbeated. 

I highly recommend this studio as it is a nice and friendly studio. They do have organize a lot of workshops if you are interest in deepen your practice both in the physical and mediation aspect of yoga."
"This Winners probably one of the best in the area for service and inventory. I don't shop here too often but every time I visited, I always see staff constantly reorganizing the shelves and restock with new items.

The cashiers here are all friendly and polite. Line does get long even on weekdays because they have only 3 cashiers working.

Ample parking as the lot is huge. Never a problem finding a spot.

I feel like a Winner when I shop here!"
"Meat Meat Meat!

If you are looking a good piece of meat, you won't be disappointed at Totera Fine Foods. Even some Wagyu Beef.. 

Those store made sausages looks really good too! 

Cheese Cheese Cheese!

More variety of cheeses I can imagine in a store that is not specialized in Cheese.

Enough choices in marinade, spices, olive oil, vinegar that makes my head spin.

Or if you like me rather not to cook?! Totera has prepared food and hot tables, all you do is to heat them up! Can I pretend those are my cooking?!"
"OK.. All the Yelpers knows that I love to go to Lemongrass already! Why am I writing another review update??

This time is because of Pho-bruary! I went there for Pho last night.... This is the first time I ever have Pho at Lemongrass and it is the Pho-bruary and I am the Yelp's Pho Royality so I of course have to share my experience.

Though Lemongrass is the sister company of Saigon Star, I have to say the quality and the quantities is much better at Lemongrass for Pho.

The Pho Large  is beef and chicken on the Daily Noodle Special for $6.99. The broth is not as clear as other Pho joint but there are still taste of cinnamon and anise in it. The noodle is the fresh type. There are tons of meat ingredients (chicken bone in, rare beef, cooked beef, beef balls).

I have to say the size is perfect for me. I won't be hesitate to order the Pho again during my future visits."
"Another ""No English Name"" Restaurant at the Plaza on Midland just North of Finch.

After searching everywhere on their menu or inside the restaurant, I really have no clue what's to call this place or make a listing on Yelp... until I saw Bu Jian Bu San Restaurant on the Public Health Pass Notice on the front door.

Homey.. that's how I would have describe this place.

Reasonable priced pack with value?

Sweet and Sour Pork Noodles ($5.99) sure filled up my tummy. The sweet and sour flavoured is from the pork while thin yellow noodle is swimming in a sea of hotness. Great lunch portion and comes with protein, carbs and vegetables! A complete meal.

Staffs speaks Mandarin.. a good chance for me to practise mine. Extra Spicy please?! Deliciously spicy? Always comes in handy.

10% Grand Opening Discount!

I wondering what is ""Steamed Fish in The Stylish Way""?? Maybe Peacock Style?"
"Visiting a vintage store is like going for a treasure hunt. Mrs Huizenga as a vintage/antiques stores for sure has a lot of treasures inside!

Browsing through all these antiques housewares, home deco and personal accessories for sure is an interesting experience

For the prices point.. can I dare to say it is in the eyes of the beholders? And if you find something that you love and must have priced reasonable then the price is good!"
"California Thai has a few locations in Canada. This one is inside Markville Mall right next to Walmart.

The deco is nice and trendy with comfortable sofas and private sectional area for 2.

I went there for lunch. They have all day special for $7.99 which includes pop/tea/coffee. There are also a la Carte with Pho priced at $6.95.

I ordered the Tom Yum Noodle Soup with Chicken. The Tom Yum soup I found was too weak, not hot, not sour... a little bland. There were tons of fresh tomato they put in the soup, so I kind of feel like drinking a tomato soup instead. The noodle is the dry thin rice noodles.. of course I prefer the fresh ones!

The portion was quite small... I am still hungry after finishing the noodles...

I guess since California Thai is more geared towards Asian fusion, not the real authentic Thai/Vietnamese cuisine so the kitchen is taking really easy on the spices..

The services was great! My waiter was really attentive.

They do provide free Wi Fi services, just need to ask them for the password.

Accepts all forms of payment.

PS There is also a takeout area beside the restaurant."
"Frock is a nice pretty store to browse around. 

The items they carries are quite unique especially for a person like me that usually frequent boring suburbia malls who does not have any personality!

Prices wise is for value/bargain oriented shoppers... but it does not cost anything to browse?!

Loves their handbags, wallets and winter accessories.. (a warm hat is perfect for this freezing winter afternoon!)"
"Usually I like outlet... and what's not to love when one in a Shoe Discount stores with racks and racks of discounted shoes?

Town Shoes does carries mid and higher end designer shoes, handbags and accessories. But sadly I found the end of the season or previous season selection not only overpriced, some of them just so flithy...the inside sole of some of the shoes are black and caked with dirt!

I really don't think I would have pay $50+ for shoes that looked used as Town Shoes outlet is not like a thrift store?

Staffs are polite and available if you ask for help."
"I did not have the Monster Sham at Shamrock Burgers & Pizza! I do think I might be up for the challenge one day but not today as I just had some fish and chips for lunch.....

Monster Sham ($10.60) is Two 10oz meat patties with cheese on a kaiser bun. And If I am hungry enough to finish that myself by completing the challenge I would have a $5 gift card so I can stuff my face with my burger!

I instead settled on the Classic Rock ($4.10) with my choice of condiments of fried onion, Rock sauce, tomato, and jalapeno pepper. My burger was cooked to order while I enjoying watching how the fat caught on fire while it was on the grill....... 

It was kind of messy when I started biting into it but the patty was moist and was just cook right. If you do want yours well done, please request that and they gladly did it for some of the other patrons. 

The Classic was good... I want more after eating that. Maybe, just maybe I will order a Monster Sham next time!"
"Kitchen Stuff Plus just have awesome staffs!! 

They always ask if I need any help whenever I visit the store. And they do sincerely try to help me find the stuffs I am looking for.

Good selections of everything I need in the kitchen, I don't need much... but has great selections of bar accessories which I need :)

Promotions every week with email notifications if you sign up for their newsletter and sometimes online coupons that giving you % off one item.

I love to dig around and look for discount...extra off is always good!"
"How come I did not come to this place earlier?

Cheltenham Badlands now had been fenced off for conservation and not available for public access anymore.

You have the option to admire it from a distance like seeing animals at a zoo. 

Parking on the side road is now forbidden with all these No Standing signs put in.

So I can now only admire its beauty from all the photos that had been posted online."
"This Presotea is located inside the Food Court area at First Markham Place.

Severely understaffed with just 2 staff working the counter that supposed to be serving Presotea Tea, Yogen Fruz and Real Fruity! 

They were so busy even have no time to take orders when they trying to catch up with all the drink orders! 

Service though was quite good as the lady that took my order was suggesting me to order Less or Lite Sugar.

Royal Earl Grey Family ($4.49) was decent. As always I love the pudding, tapaico and grass jello in my favourite Earl GreyTea."
"Flato Markhan Theatre is the theatre for the City of Markham.

I was lucky to have a pair of tickets from Yelp to watch U Theatre - Sword of Wisdom on a Saturday night.

Even with a sold out performance, there was ample parking. The theatre though small but feel cozy and no matter where your seats are, you have a good view of the stage.

Each season Flato Markham Theatre also have interesting line up of performances from around the World and local talents. 

With Markham now being a City instead of a Town, maybe the city should spend some money to upgrade the theatre a little. Washrooms just felt a little outdated."
"Old Credit Brewing Company is a small family run brewery in the Port Credit area. 

Drop by for a visit if you are in the area. 

Why Old Credit's beers are quite unique as it uses ice-aging method which takes more time (2 weeks for fermentation and 8 weeks to mature) and effort in the brewing process.

Unfortunately for us, we were here on a Sunday and was told there were no tours. So call or email ahead if you are interested in one and you won't be disappointed like us....

Fortunately, we were still offered a free sample of their popular Pilsner and Amber Ale which we really enjoyed! I ended up picking up a bottle of Holiday Honey which is made with Billy Bee Honey!

Here you can either pick up a bottle, a 6 pack and even a half/full cask if you are going to have a party! 

There are quite a few local restaurants and pubs have Old Credit beers on tap, that's great how a local crafted beers being support by the locals!"
"Rock Lobster Rocks!

This maybe a bias review as I love seafood.

Rock Lobster fulfilled my seafood fantasy at a reasonable price. This is no Red Lobster as most of the dishes they offers here are not heavy breaded then deep fried or drowned in melted butter and heavy sauce. Here I can really taste the true fresh taste of seafood......... Love.......

We ordered and shared:

Samuel Adams' Toronto Beer Week Sampler and Food Pairing ($15)
- Lager/Lattitude 48 IPA/Octoberfest
- Mini Lobster Roll/Fresh Oyster in Sam Adams Mignoette/Spaghetti Squash Fries+Rosemary+Sea Salt
- Good value and I am able to sample a few of their food offering: I know I won't be ordering their lobster roll but definitely their squash fries on the side

Jerk Crab and Shrimp ($13)
- For that price, I have not much expectation but I was delightfully surprised when I saw this overflowing plate of seafood
- Everything was cooked perfectly and just with a little kick with the jerk seasoning
- I would definitely order that again and I know why my NYC yelp visitor just gave us a little taste because she wanted to keep that all for herself!

Rock Lobster Caesar ($12)
- This drink is just so photogenic, still one of my favourite Caesar in town

Lobster Cappuccino ($6)
- Really light and milky but lack any lobster taste.. maybe my Yelp friend really ordered a cappuccino and tries to trick me?

Service was attentive and cheerful. 

I love Seafood and I will be back for more!!!"
"I am sorry, my experience at Eat With Fun was no fun at all.

I remembered years ago I had their BBQ items and they were quite decent but I guess those were the days.

At 3:00 pm the restaurant was empty with just the lady cleaning the floor. One look I know I won't be eating in at all, so I opt for a take out lunch box.

BBQ Pork and Roasted Duck with Rice ($8.50 tax incl) has one of the worst Char Siu I had. Dried, hard and have a funky taste. The duck though was marginally ok. Seems like they were out of vegetable so they broke up 1 small bak choy in to 3 little piece. 

I won't be back for sure and just sad to see how this family owned business just going downhill and even off the cliff."
"I think Fancy Chinese Cuisine is one of the most unfriendly restaurant if you are coming as a party of 2. Why??

If you noticed that the dining area has NO small tables... the smallest one is a table for 6. The menu has not set dinner special for 2 people. In order to get a good deal, you have to order that $39.95 specials that feed 4!

It is especially hard when you see you can get a 3 lb lobster+3 dishes for amazing prices of $49.95, and your dinnermate kept staring at that when you just want to scream NO WAY! 

The food served here is quite decent. I enjoyed my fresh scallops and my hot pot with tofu and fish is quite good too. 

15% off for dining after 8:30 PM is a good deal but the disappointment is that they ran out of complimentary soup and most of the dessert at 9 pm. 

The waitstaffs here are mostly younger male and they are all polite and cheerful. The kitchen is slow though and the place not even too busy!

I will come back but I will be calling all my friends and lobster here I come!"
"Up at York Region without any subway services, people living here has to rely on driving around or travel using the buses. 

Richmond Hill Centre Terminal is one of the hubs of a lot of bus services: Go transit, YRT, VIVA. 

Airport express #40 leaving from the station to Toronto Pearson Airport every hour from 5 AM to 2 AM daily which is really convenient if you living in the area and couldn't get a ride."
"Now I have been to all the Kwan's locations in GTA. I can said this ""Flagship"" and ""Original"" location probably the worst out of the 3.

I know it is not a high end fine dining restaurant but the staff here just have this over worked vibe. The staff just kind of throwing things (menu, teapot and dish) around?! Servers has this rudeness that usually in those hole in the the wall Chinese restaurants.

Food wise is standard. I had better somewhere else but in this neighbourhood Kwan might be the only choices for decent dim sum."
"Oregano Pizza just located on Yonge just north of Elgin Mills. It has a really small storefront and sometime it is really hard to notice that it is there.

They do serve lunch specials from $5.95 and the selections are great with 2 full pages and for sure you will find something that you like.

The portions are huge here... We should have just order the Veal Sandwich ($5.95) and a salad and split that.. but my friend want to try  Cajun Chicken Penne ($9.99) too.

The Penne is cooked Al dente and tossed in olive oil with tons of veggies. The chicken though is not plentiful and is little dry, maybe it is good that it is not plentiful :P.

The complimentary garlic bread would taste a lot better if lightly toasted and let the garlic butter melt.

The service here is nice and friendly. The deco is charming and does have a bistro feel.

They accepts all credit cards."
"I have been coming to this Swiss Chalet's location for years. 

Good for a quick meal. Nothing too fancy. Service is a little stiff but quite attentive.

I would stay away from the ribs though, the last few times it had been really dry. The chicken though never disappointed. 

Over the years, I can see the size of my chicken growing smaller...... Maybe one day I can eat a whole chicken by myself."
"I still waiting for the day that Toronto Transit will have one of those opus card.

Just love the area of just scanning through the reader and without worrying about transfers, tickets, tokens or change!!

The Metro itself is not too complicated with just 4 lines designated by colours, it is not too easy to get lost.. maybe?

The buses I found them really slow and not too frequent. I always have the urge just want to just walk then waiting!

All the staffs are really helpful too..... maybe I just look too lost?!!"
"I love LUNCH SPECIALS! Especially lunch specials at Shiso Tree Cafe.

I love Pasta and I love Japanese food! Pasta in Japanese style.... my kind of food!

Lunch Pasta set ($8)

Clam Chowder
- creamy without being overbearing and love those croutons
Garden Salad
- fresh and lightly dressed with miso based vinaigrette
Okonomiyaki Style Pasta
- Pasta cooked al dente with great bite
- Okonomiyaki sauce though a little disappointing as it is on the salty side and was quite over powering  

Dessert:

I didn't want to order the cake slices since I can get them from Bakery Nakamura next door, I ordered

Azuki Matcha Sundae ($ 4.50)
- I don't know what I was expecting? green tea ice cream?
- Vanilla Ice Cream+Red Bean+Fresh Whipped Cream+Matcha Syrup+Brown Sugar Rock Candy
- Beware of the Rocky Candy stuck to your teeth... :)

I will be back for their lunch specials and try out other pasta dishes....

I enjoyed the vibe at Shiso Tree Cafe especially in the afternoon as you can look out through the big windows...... and start day dreaming..........."
"I don't believe I lined up TWICE at Fairmount Bagel for a bagel or 2 when I was at Montreal for the weekend.

I tried the Sesame and the Chocolate ones... They were A-OK but didn't make me go WOW.

The line though was short both times so my Yelp Friend didn't go banana....

I wish I have a toaster oven in the hotel to warm it up. They got so hard and solid when I trying to eat one as drunk food .. I just could not do it!!"
"I don't know why? Maybe it was a Sunny Sunday late afternoon...? But I found this is the most laid back Starbucks I been to... 

Just so quiet here... even people speaking softly.. the background music so soft...... 

So relaxing.. the sofa so comfy... I ended up taking a power nap here while sipping my coffee.......zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... I thought caffeine suppose to wake me up, not putting me to sleep........"
"Outpost Coffee Roaster is a small and cute coffee shop in the area. 

The barista is so welcoming and nice. And they made a balanced macchiato with nice crema.

I love that they are roasting their own beans in the small bean roaster in house. I ended up buying a bag to support small local business.

Outpost Coffee Roaster is an awesome place to chillax with a cup of coffee if you are in the area.

Highly Recommended."
"I was walking around Cataldi Fresh Market 30 minute or so before closing time... 

A lady asked me ""You want to have some pizza?"" Free Pizza... they were giving away their food right before closing at the hot table.

Standard Italian style supermarket... just like most of them in the area..

Great if you live in the area... to pick up some staples. They do have weekly specials worth checking out!"
"I didn't expect much when I look at the facade of Complexe Desjardins... I don't even know it is a shopping centre... All I remember that it is cold and windy and anywhere indoor is a relief... 

Such a huge open space with huge windows and skylights...

You can find your usual retail stores here and even a hotel on site.

It is also connected with the Underground City and Metro Stations."
"Goldsor Restaurant is located at Time Square. It serves mainly Hong Kong style Western food.

I have to say the breakfast is quite decent here, starting at $3.45. I ordered the 2 eggs/hot dogs/toast with HK style milk tea where as my sister ordered the satay beef vermicelli with hot honey lemon.

My sister really enjoy her food because it is really tasty with a lot of satay sauce. The beef is plentiful and tender. She finished the whole bowel by herself!

My breakfast set is quite ok, but for $3.45 that's really good value.

The services is fast and friendly.

I won't be hesitate to be back to eat here again."
"This is another of the Kenny's Noodle franchise in the Scaborough area. The menu is similar to other Kenny's Noodle Restaurant. The only difference is this place is really roomy. 

We were here for dinner so we ordered the 3 dishes set for $27.99 which you can choose from over 30 different dishes. We also upgraded one of the dish for $2.99 extra for a whole steamed fish.

I have to tell you the fish is huge! 1.5 lbs at least. All the dishes we ordered were quite tasty!

The service is fast and friendly!

They accept Mastercard and Visa (under $30 with 25cents charge)."
"Compare to the ""New"" Galleria down the street, H Mart just feel so dumpy and unimpressive! 

The layout of the store is quite good... and I found all the usual Korean grocery items.... but really the level of cleanliness is lacking.... 

The food court area is a disaster. Only 3 of the vendors left with most of the other barely staying opened. 

Sorry H Mart... you will not be the Korean grocery stores I would be shopping or eating when I am in the area..."
"What a nice smell of fresh bread!! Nothing beats walking in Bagel Nash Bakery and have all your senses attacked by freshly baked goods. 

Rolls of Rolls of Artisan bread, bagels and cookies! 

Then I saw those freshly baked oven warm pretzels ($1.50) I just have to get one! Salty with a hint of sweetness and with tons of sesames sprinkled on top! It is not really doughy and firm on the outside but soft inside. 

They do have this little food stand facing the interior of the mall, where you can order fallafel sandwiches and enjoy your food in the seating area. 

The staffs here are really nice and friendly which is also a pleasure!

Cash Only!"
"Matcha Japanese Souffle Pancakes

We waited for 15 minute and well worth the wait!

Great texture and explosion of Matcha flavour. Fluffy, Airy, Soft and Yummy!

Only offers in the dining area up in their 2nd floor. 

I would now like the try their cooked food during next visit.. But would I be so weak and ended up ordering the Pancakes again?!"
"Usually I get really excited when i walked in to a bakery.. the smell of freshly baked goods, butter, chocolate, sweets always enticed me. 

Stepping inside Grodzinski was a disappointing experience. I smelled nothing... even the presentation is boring with not too may selections that Wow me and cannot make a decision. 

Pretzel with Chocolate and Jam ($2.50) looks better than it tasted. The texture is really hard (I can use it as a self defense weapon) and tasted more like a cookie then a pastry/bread. The taste is not bad though, with just a hint of sweetness. 

There are also croissants, cookies, danish, bread and some cakes on display. 

Kosher Friendly.. but the staffs are not too people friendly!"
"This is one of those small ethnic food place I wish I would love but I left unsatisfied with the desserts I ordered.

Love the concept of Filipino street food. There are skewers of different protein available! Even Chicken Feet! But I was here for some dessert!

Turon Special ($6) 
- Deep Fried Plantain and Jackfruit Rolls with Ube/Macapuno Ice Cream
- Nicely presented! Love the contrast colour of the ice cream. Though the fried banana was made when ordered, it did not taste good. Might be the banana was not ripe enough? 

Halo Halo ($7)
- I always love halo halo! But this one was meh. The ice was in such a big chunk and it was hard to break that up with our plastic fork. The toppings can be better.

I might give their cook food a try but will be a pass for their dessert."
"Be ready to get messy!

I am so glad that Ozzy's Burgers decided to open up a location up in Vaughan! 

Which should I order?! There are so many different combinations and even the choice of protein: Chicken, Lamb and Beef. Even the Veggie option sounded yummy.

Son of the Bun is amazing with beef and fried chicken as toppings. Just a kick of spiciness but it did add more interesting flavours. My Holy Cheesus though good but tasted a little flat. 

The fresh never frozen meat patties were really juicy and it was definitely the star of the burger.

Love the presentation on the wooden board. Great for photos as you can see the different layers before you start attacking it!"
"Looking around your house/condo, are there china set, glass wares, furniture that looks like it might worth something? Maybe your parent's set of crystal wine glass worth a couple hundred dollars? Or that turn of the Century armoire which looks out of place with the rest of your furnishing might get you a $1000??

Around The Block is the place that might answer your question or even help you sell those items on consignments. You can either email or come in with the smaller item  or a photo for an estimate.

Even if you have nothing to sell, browsing around Around The Block is definitely fun. Waterford Stemware, Bernardaud and Royal Albert China Set, Antique furniture and even some keepsake boxes and jewellery!

Since the turnover of merchandise is really fast, definitely worth your while to come back and check often! The pricing is quite competitive, the longer you wait, the cheaper it might get but it might be gone by the time you decide to buy though...."
"I just want to get it out of the way:You need a lot of patience and you would be rewarded with yummy food! Kitchen was really slow even when the restaurant was not busy during my visit.

There are not many restaurants in GTA that specialized in Hang Zhou (杭州) Cuisine so their menu is unique. I enjoyed the items I ordered, the taste is clean and refreshing, light and delicate.

I can tell the owner really have pride in what they offers. The plates, the utensils and even the music choices. Yan's Kitchen has this ""private"" home kitchen vibe. 

I would avoid coming here when the restaurant is busy. I don't think the kitchen is ready to handle the rush. 

I am so excited that a restaurant that is authentic and uniquely different cuisine opens up in Richmond Hill. Variety is the spice of life?"
"Sunset Grill now becomes my favourite place for a homey breakfast. Not that many options at 7 am on weekend in the area.  

Cook when order, though the option is simple but fresh. You might need to wait a little longer for your order.

Service always pleasant."
"MA-Am-M Bolduc feels kind of like home?! 

Flipping through the menu I just not sure what to order, choices too many choices. With a small establishment with 1 cook and a small kitchen, it does makes me wonder how could that be possible.

Breakfast/Brunch with eggs, bacon, crepes and french toast ($11.99) is disappointing... a lot of food, a lot of carbs... everything is luke warm. It definitely taste like and look like something I made at home. Should I be excited?

My Yelp friend's poutine and burger looks depressing... but at least it is specials for $7.95. BTW, I think he kind of like the maple syrup... when he started dipping my whole wheat toast in that... I guess he must still be hungry after he ate his food.

At least the waiter is nice, the coffee is good and the hand made scrapbook menu is cute!"
"How can I resist a Sausage Feast?! 

Wvrst has all these selections that can make a female that wants to try out everything on the menu feel so lost! 

So I just go with the first thing in the menu... traditional? Bowerewors? How to pronounce that? Currywvrst? Curry and tomato sauce with my sausage sounded good? Great for sharing since it was all chopped up into bite size pieces.. but will my yelp friend share with me?

Game? I am always Game... but Rabbit... will it taste like rabbit? or just taste like chicken? how about Kangaroo? Oh Duck with Foie Gras! Why am I eating Wild Boar that's taste kind of like pork?? 

Fries in Duck Fat?! Smokey delicious Belgian Fries.. and all these choice of dipping sauces?? Rosemary and Maple sounded great.. Yelp Friend whatever, you decide! 

For the Beer... 16 drafts!! and 16 in bottles!! Some German and Belgium beers that I would love to try... PBR brought back memories since that's my father's choice of beer.. oh but I want to support the local breweries too.... My Grand River Galt Knife Lager really hit the spot on this hot 30C+ afternoon!

So I thought sausages are simple food... Wvrst changed everything... 
And so many beers to try... They should definitely have a beer tasting offering... Do you hear me!! I want to TASTE everything!"
"I used to frequent Zen for lunch when it was in Scarborough. Funny now they moved to Markham, which suppose to be in my hood and I only been here for lunch once?!

The decor here definitely more upscale than their older location. The sushi bar area so much more spacious and can fit more customers! I always sit at sushi bar even I am here for lunch and order off the lunch menu.

Service now is more formal with younger wait staff in uniforms. More chic but I kind of missed the older no nonsense  waiter/waitress.

Lunch menu did revamped. I ordered NIGIRI SUSHI にぎり寿司 ($29.50) and really enjoyed it. Classic with good cut of fish (uni, scallops, fatty tuna, spot prawns) with none of the fusion/torched.

Maybe I would one day come for dinner? They do have Hida Gyu A5  飛騨牛 on the menu?!"
"Sunfood Supermarket is really popular with the bargain hunters. I would avoid shopping here especially on weekends if you are not used to the crowds. It is like Boxing day every week and you might even need to box your way with all these craziness.

Cheap Cheap? Yes they are cheaper than T&T on most vegetables and fruits. But beware to double check for freshness and cleanliness. The fresh produces area just feels like a war zone...

Check out lines are long. Make sure to line up at the right line depends on your form of payment: Cash and Debit VS Credit. Doesn't matter which lines, it is going to be a long wait since everyone is really loading up. 

If you are buy an item or 2, go somewhere else for your sanity."
"My takeout experience at Hakka Legend was a lot better than I expected!

When I called in for pick up, my call was answered professionally and my order was repeated back to me so make sure no mistakes on both end! 

When I arrived in 15 minute, my order was ready for picked up as promised.

Lunch Special is available for take out which is good value at $7.95."
"Grilled Beef wrapped in Steamed Rice Roll Crepes probably the best items and worth ordering! But I am a little obsessed with rice rolls. This is a different take of the traditional Bánh cun which has a more delicate wrappings.

Bún bò Hu has nice flavour which I enjoyed.

Waitstaff was a little lost even with only one other table or maybe I was demanding asking for extra sharing bowls, red chili, napkins and what not?

Parking available at the back of the building."
"I don't think I ever will have a chance to try their Deerioca unless I come after 5 pm? But not everyone would like to have a caffeinated drink that late.

I had been to a few location of The Alley but I felt that the staff here is the most impersonal ones: no greeting no thank you.

Ample parking. This might be the location I would be visiting most often as the parking lot is never busy. 

Maybe I would be lucky next visit and Deerioca would be available?!"
"Treilcock Coffee Roasters is my favorite Coffee Roasters in the GTA.

If you are a coffee geek or just someone that enjoy a good cup of coffee, you are at the right place. The Owner David and Tim are passionate about coffee. All the beans is freshly roasted everyday on site with beans that shipped directly from coffee farms. 

If you not sure what fit you the best, just let them know how you like your coffee/brewing method and they would able to match your preference to different beans.

And you can also find all the equipment and ""toys"" to prepare the perfect cup of coffee: Aero press, Goose Neck Kettle, Hario Pour over, Chemex and more.

Coffee Heaven!"
"It is nice to have a all day Brunch place, like Starving Artist opens up in Markham.

Came here for late brunch around 2 pm on a weekday, there was only another table occupied aside from us. So this might not be a typical experience during weekend's prime brunch hours.

Services was fast and friendly. We were served in a reasonable time and with no issues of whatsoever. I do foresee how the kitchen could be overwhelmed since all the food is made when ordered.

My eggs were poached perfectly and I love the fresh fruits on the side! I also able to try the Potato waffles but I prefer the regular version.

I will be back for sure if I want some breakfast/brunch! 

The artworks decorates the interior is interesting. I especially love the ones that are from young kids."
"If you are looking for a bag... any kind of bag... you probably will find that at Te Koop.

Stylish and Refine?

Young and Hip?

Who are you shopping for?? You can find Barbour, Matt & Nat, Herschel and quite a few other brands... even some unique canvas bags directly from Japan.

Price wise is not the cheapest... but most of their goods they have here are good quality and definitely worth the price tag!!"
"There are so many different Vietnamese restaurants in the Gerrard and Broadview area. Sometimes it is not easy to decide which one to go. 

Me and my friend was walking along Gerrard looking for a place for our Pho fix. Mi Mi Restaurant looked packed on a Sunday afternoon and I thought it must be good if the place is busy... I was wrong and right at the same time... 

We were lucky to get the last available table, after that people start lining up waiting for one. 

Special Pho XL ($7.50) 
- The broth is so clear...but full of flavours.. though lacking the star anise but is A-OK 
- All the Beef that comes with the Pho were nicely prepared.. taste wise, texture wise.. 
- Noodle though not fresh but was also nicely prepared 
- XL is huge....we cannot finish the whole order! 

Spring Rolls ($3.95) 
- has taro inside as stuffings.. not usual in a lot of other Vietnamese restaurant I been to 
- pipping hot when it arrived... 
- the wrappings are more the Chinese spring roll wrappings 

Mi Mi Restaurant is the only Vietnamese I been to when our nice polite waitress asked me if we want more broth for our Pho!! My friend is a Pho soup monster..she was drinking the soup without even eating the noodle!! 

So the food is quite good and service is nice.. I would give a 3.5 to 4 star. However, it took us almost 1 hour to finish our lunch!! Now I know the reason why Mi Mi was packed this particular afternoon.. we waited more than 30 minutes for our food to arrive!! All these people were just sitting there waiting for their food!! If I go for Pho, I expect to be fast and quick, in and out within 30 min..not 1 hour!!!!!!!"
"Nguyen Huong's Banh Mi is my perfect in between meal snack!

I like how they made every single Banh Mi when their customer order them instead have them all pre made as at the Scarborough location. As I like to request my sandwich extra extra spicy!!

Line moves fast! Even before I can decide what I want! Grilled Pork? Lemongrass Sausage? Chicken? Cold Cut?

I can snack on one of those everyday! 

FYI, Scarborough location does have a less doughy baguette for their more expensive banh mi."
"I was lucky enough to have a taste of Viv's Catering & Eatery at my friend's family gathering.

We got quite a bit of food and most of the items I tried were really good!

- Jerk BBQ Chicken
- Curried Goat
- Oxtail & Beans
- Ital Stew Beans
- Dumplings: Fried Stuffed with King Fish and Ackee
- Escoveitched fish: Cod, Snapper 
- Festival
- Plantain

Mac and Cheese Square and BBQ Chicken for the kids.

The order was delivered as promised and everything was set up nicely at the event room. They even have some fresh scotch bonnet on the side to spicy up my food!

Highly recommended if you want to pick up some authentic Jamaican food for lunch or catering for a group!"
"Great if you are picking up some one at Terminal 1. The $3 for the first 20 minute really give me enough almost 40 minute from the moment I got my parkng recipet from the machine till I drove out of the parking lot.

The short term parkings are located right near the walkway to the Terminal and for me just means a couple minute of walk to get to the arrival level.

For long term parking, I would rather park off site by paying half the price. But by paying a premium, you don't need to take a shuttle with all your luggage and a covered parking lot does shield you from the natural elements (rain and snow!!!)"
"This location improved a lot since I visited years ago, so it is time for an update!

The food court area had expanded and now have better vendors moved in with more varieties! KFC, Bingsu, Soon Tofu, just name a few.

Meat varieties are good with premium cut that is great for BBQ. I also love how their banchan are pre packed and more hygienic.

I also picked up Kimbap as snack a few times and the quality is good.

Great to see H Mart is moving in the right direction.

Oh and they have Beers too!"
"I love Speakeasy.

Suite 114 is a hidden gem, but not too hidden as it is not good if you are half drunk going around and around and just could not find the place. I have numerous stories of myself getting lost at 1 am in various cities looking for these bars I could share.

Happy Hour from 4 - 7 pm, yes please! Perfect for a pre dinner drink or 2? 

Bartenders are professional and helpful. Please let them know what you prefer and they would make you that perfect drink. Super attentive service. 

I do like the creativity of their secret menu which changes seasonally. Cocktails here are well crafted with great presentation.

Lounge like decor with comfortable seating is a plus if you just want to chill and chit chat with your friends or on a date.

I kind of hope Suite 114 can stay hidden but a friendly and unpretentious cocktail bars should be shared with my fellow yelpers."
"This is the third St Regis hotel I had been and this is not up to the usual St Regis standard.

Taking over Trump Towers and trying to converted that to a St Regis property does posts challenges. The decor and the room set up is not the most pleasant. The style is old and conservative. 

Services definitely lacking. The front desk was pleasant and efficient. Housekeeping was a let down. The turndown service was not up to par. The beds were not remade, dirty cups were not cleared or replaced. Btw, 10% service fee is added to the room charges so guests does expect a certain level of service.

The indoor pool facilities is nice with whirlpool and sauna room. But they really need housekeeping staff check on the supplies and cleanliness for often? Towels were everywhere from previous guests. The change room was in the same situation too. 

St Regis Toronto is a pass for me if I am looking for a high end staycation experience. There are so many better choices in Downtown TO."
"This is the first National Bank World Mastercard Lounge I ever visited. 

I do like the additional option of airport lounge at YUL, hopefully there will be more Lounges opening up in other airport across Canada.

The design here is modern and chic. Love the huge windows that overlooking the runways. The drinks: both alcoholic and non alcoholic selection is decent. When I was there, there were a bartender/server so it was not self service. There were also hot and cold food available.

My only complaint is probably the place seems to be packed and the noise level was high during my visit."
"Though Kuo Hua is small compare to a real supermarket, but it is well stocked with Taiwanese food items!

Black sesame snacks!! I cannot resist but stock up on all kind of snacks: biscuits, crackers! 

If you are vegetarian, there are also a lot of frozen mock meat items or vegetarian friendly sauces that might enhance your cooking experience!

Here you can also find all the different flavour of drinking vinegar... apple, pineapple, lemon.. 

Rare find: Durian Pastry imported from Taiwan!!!... now you know where to find them!

1/15"
"Sonic Auto House is that one stop automobile care location that takes care of all your vehicle needs.

From regular maintenance to more complicated mechanic works. 

I was here dropping off my friend's vehicle for an oil change and inspections. They do have a waiting area with complimentary wifi access and coffee. If not it is only 10 minute walk to Markville Mall and they will call you when your vehicle is ready.

I might even bring my car for service next time?!"
"Eco Choice Windows & Doors is one of the Window Installation companies I called for an in house estimate for replacing my windows.

Requested a free quote via their website and got a call back on the same day with appointment for the week after. (Response rate was fast)

The sale representative called the day prior to confirm appointment and did call me telling me he was running around 30 minute late due to prior appointment took a little longer to close. 

Presentation of the products were professional. I like how he carries a mini sample of their windows and able to give me a demo and the quality of their products.

Price quote for their Vinyl Pro Windows System is on the middle range vs another company that use the same window supplier.

Gabriel was friendly and easy to deal with. Not a bad idea to contact him for a quote if you are in the market for window and door replacement."
"I kind of know what I am looking for when I was shopping at Home Depot on a Sunday Afternoon.

My toilet tank was making funny noises... and I know I need some part to fix the problem.

Wandering around Home Depot, I was looking for that part.... but which part?

Then a staff just walked over to me and offered to help me without me asking! He then showed me what I need and suggested the best brand out of the few ones they carries.

I walked to the cash area wanting to use the self serve machine to cash out then a cashier just jumped in front of me and took my purchase and cashed me out in 3 minute?!

The service here is just too good to believe?!!"
"This is where you board and being dropped off if you are taking Megabus to or from Montreal.

A little quiet but it is a good as one can chill a little while waiting for the bus. 

Ample seating and free wifi. Really close to Metro Bonaventure just a block South.

The sad thing is there is NOTHING interesting around here. I wish there is a pub or something I could have a drink........"
"This location is way bigger than the one I usually frequent in my neighbourhood.

There are TVs to watch. A seating area for you to sit down and wait for your turn, There is even vending machines...

Why do I need all these if I just here to renew my stickers?!

I do like how they organized the queue for service by why you are coming in for: Health Card/Driver License Renewal? Abstracts? Stickers Renewal? All of Others? Instead of every one waiting in line by who arrived first. Have you ever waited in line when everyone in front of you have all these complicated things that need to be process and it took forever?

Time took for Sticker Renewal: 10 minutes

All Others: 50 minutes

The parking lot though could be crazily busy especially during lunch time since there are almost 10 restaurants inside this plaza!"
"Yumei Sushi is a little gem in The Beaches area if you have craving for some Japanese food.

The restaurant is clean and well maintained. Service is courteous and efficient. 

Menu is big and have all the usual items. I do highly recommend the Soft Shell Crab if they are available and especially if they are in season!

Yumei is a more traditional Japanese restaurant managed by Korean chef who have been in business for a long time. Owner/Chef Young Lee has been working as a professional sushi chef since 1979 with over 35 years experience!

They also serves some popular Korean dish: Bulgogi, Kalbi and Bibimbap."
"So apparently now Golden Tycoon Seafood Banquest is their official name instead of Golden Duke. I just wish they would at least change their signs and all communications instead of just have a piece of paper taped to their entrance announcing this change.

I had been here for dim sum twice already. I did not feel or experience much difference. Maybe that is a good sign?? The dim sum offerings stayed the same and so was the quality. 

Now with a lot more smaller tables for 2, I always get a table without any wait for a weekday Early Bird dim sum.

Har Gow though good is an XL!! I might just skip that next time."
"If you are into high end camera equipment, you won't be disappointed with Aden Camera.

I have yet to see a Leica limited edition camera on displayed until I come to Aden Camera. 

Though the store is small, they are well stocked and if not they can order that in for you. 

Staff here is helpful and it is always fun to look and check out lens and gadgets. And you never know you need something till you try them.

Pacific Mall might not be best for parking on the weekends so plan your visit accordingly."
"Tora Sushi is located at J-Town complex but no one probably notice it existence as it is kind of hidden at the corner of the last small store space in the J-Town complex right across from Izakaya Ju.

Tora Sushi is strictly a small take out sushi joint with limited hours: You can ordera party tray but with at least 24 hours notice. There are so pre made sushi to go on the counter if you want to grab something fast to go.

Salmon Hosomaki ($4.90) was nicely prepared. The nori can be crispy but the shari rice was well flavoured and have a good bite! Great snack portion...

So try your luck to see what they have available."
"Looks is everything? You come to the right place if you want to have the perfect back drop for your IG post.

High ceiling, nice decor, pretty pastries.

Price is high but the products is just ok.

Not too busy on weekdays so good option if you want to have a coffee or a business meeting.

I won't be coming here just because of their pastries."
"I love Reesor's Farmer Market but unfortunately it is only opens from June to Fall, but luckily Reesor also operates Reesor's Market & Bakery on Main Street Stouffville which is opens year round!

The smell of freshly baked goods really hit you the moment you walked in but in a good way. Cookies, Muffins, Cakes, Breads all baked in house... 

Reesor's also carries produces from bakeries, chocolatier (Charlinda), Coffee Roaster (Velvet Sunrise) in the neighbourhood and Ontario.

Definitely worth checking out if you are in the neighbourhood!"
"I have been coming at least once a year to York Cemetery for years...

Great location, just off Yonge Street and close to Sheppard Subway Station.

Depends on when you visit, some days  the cemetery can be full of garbage everywhere and some days it can clean and tidy with well maintained lawn.

The graves are getting more and more packed over the years and those evergreens at some of the tomb markers really need some trimming.

More garbage cans are need might help as most of the time the garbage overflowed and people start disposing their waste everywhere!

The road inside the cemetery are really narrow... and people are parking their cars everywhere........

I guess I don't really want to come here....."
"Basic and Old School in a good way.

I only been here for lunch and have a great experience. Nothing fancy or fusion and don't expect something ""unique""?

All the dim sum we ordered was served steaming hot. And service was good and friendly.

You probably won't be coming here if you are into that wow experience or for special occasion but for an everyday local joint, this is a good bet."
"2.5 Star

I remember the days that Casa Imperial used to be a Classy Restaurant where my dates took me here for a nice and quiet meals of Seafood Platter for 2 and Steak.... those were the days.

Casa Imperial is trying hard to be classy and high end with a price to match but I feel it is just falling short... fail in every aspect, especially on my first and most recent visit.

A recent Conditional Pass from DineSafe:

Casa Imperial Fine Chinese Cuisine (4125 Steeles Ave East)
Inspected on: November 4, 2013 
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 11 (Minor: 5, Significant: 6)
Crucial infractions include: N/A

No service in their so call ""VIP"" room on a weekday! With no one checking on us to see if our teapots were empty and were understaffed with no wait staff in sight to do any refills.

Dim Sum tasted pretty good but a place that pride themselves as fine dining, their dim sum seems to be just slapped together with not much care. 

We shared:

金牌崧子义燒酥 Baked BBQ Pork & Pine Seed Puff (L) - A-OK
極品鮑魚批 Baked Abalone & Chicken Pie (SP) -A-OK
沙律鮮蝦蜜桃網皮卷 Crispy Shrimp Peach Roll w/Salad Dressing (M) - A-OK
名門蝦餃皇 Super Har Gow Jumbo Shrimp Dumpling (XL) -A-OK
木瓜鮮奶酥 Milk & Papaya Puff (M) -A-OK
螺鮑火鸭高麗菜餃 BBQ Duck & Cabbage Dumpling w/Conch (L) -A-OK
香茅沙爹扣牛尾  Braised Ox Tail in Satay Sauce (XL)- FAIL as Ox Tail was still tough

Almost all the items on the menu aside from 4 are Medium and above..with a XL for $7.10 and SP for $8.10. As this price point, I should have a high expectation?!

For the dim sum experience, Casa Imperial was Meh unless you don't mind being ignored all these time while the managers busy socializing with the regulars and with dim sum slamming down on your table..."
"Fellow Elite Karl, though I have no interest to be on any of your lists, I definitely on my Hot Yoga Date (HYD)  A-list without even any need to add my name in.

I must be really really omfg HOT after my hot yoga practice when my date suggest to go to Jump with me for a drink or 2. Fortunately, after Jump my date is wise enough to know that I need more than to be impressed. 

The experience is MEH... not romantic... the crowd is way older for our taste... food is overpriced...

Now my HYD is scratching Jump off the to go place to impress..."
"I love my dining experience at Kojin! 

(Disclaimer: I am not really a fan of David Chang but I was glad that I gave Kojin a try!)

Paula Navarrete, Kojin's chef, grew up in Colombia and you would see her touch and heritage in the menu instead of the typical Asian Fusion of the other Momofuku restaurants.

A seafood and steakhouse? We enjoyed everything we ordered from the menu. Portion is above average, especially the dessert offerings which we were so full by the time and cannot partake.

Steak, Corn Flatbread, Crudo and everything that touches the flames? (charred, grilled vegetables)

Services was professional and attentive. 

A fun place to have a dinner date with a foodie. Eat at the kitchen counter to watch Chef in action!"
"Naan and Kabob is conveniently located at the Corner of Markham Sheppard with ample parking. 

Plenty of seating if you choose to dine in. You order from the counter and given a buzzer that will let you know when your food is ready.

Shish Kabob ($9.99)  - Two skewers of ground beef Includes salad & fresh naan
Doogh ($2.29) - Traditional mint yogurt drink

Carb heaven and enough to feed 2 people. 

Service was fast and friendly.  Cashier did mix up my order as take out as I prefer eating in. She did apologize for the mixed up."
"Hot Yoga Markham still one of my favourite studio. 

Used the Passport to Prana for a visit in one of the hot yoga classes. 

Nash was the teacher and he was funny and lighthearted and everyone seems to enjoyed the class. There were quite a few first timer so the class was more like a beginner level. Nash was really helpful going all around and helping us all with the poses. 

Can't wait to go back again for another class."
"I really want to like Kome Sushi for it's good selections of Lunch Specials...

The most expensive item is my $10 Kome's Lunch with sushi, sashimi and a handroll does sound like a good deal.

Unfortunately, my sashimi were all wet... I almost want to use my napkins to soak up the droplets of water of top.... The fish on the sushi was the opposite.. they were all a little dry. 

The shrimp tempura handroll though was good... fresh and the shrimp has a great bite.

Those sashimi really turned me off... I don't think I want to come back to Kome for any raw fish......"
"I love the rustic set up and the spacious interior of Saluf. 

Shawarma ($14.99) with Garden Salad and Rice
- Chicken was well seasoned and tasty, portion is quite good
- A hit with the toddlers in our group as the two year old could not get enough of the rice

Hummus+ Tahini ($9.99)
- I am not the fan of the hummus, it tasted bland with no seasoning maybe it is the healthy version? and I was quite disappointed
- with 3 adults and 2 kids, we were given 1 small piece of Laffa to start. I have to chase after them for more. 

""Juice"" drink ($2.50) and LemonNana ($2.99) are kind of pricey. Maybe should have drink a Black Malt ($2.50)

Service is good when the ""owner"" is around. He came to our table and checked on us a few times. 

I am in no rush to come back to Saluf for their hummus but I had a sample of their Falafel mini balls, which was quite amazing!"
"Another Second Cup? not really...

This Second Cup in Thornhill is a Kosher friendly coffee shop. It's name, the milk they provide at the counter and even signs telling you they are Kosher friendly.

I was a little overwhelmed when I walked in, .. this place was packed with kids not high school... elementary school kids!..in line with me ordering those fancy chai latte....

Luckily they not staying in and I ended up having some peace and quiet hanging out with the older crowd... older here means retired seniors...and I was the only one that was on the laptop.. that's unusual too!

Services are friendly and polite. Barista knows everyone that walked in, aside from me.

My coffee tasted the same with the Kosher milk...  but whatever.. as long as I got a table with outlets and free Wifi, I am happy!"
"Coming to Toronto Light Festival on a weekday evening was quite enjoyable.I was not wowed by the exhibits, maybe I expected something more?

The disadvantage of coming on a weekday is the more interesting exhibit won't be available. Heavy Meta (The Dragon), Laser Show, Magic Mirror and all of the vendors. Check the schedule online, maybe if will help with the planning.

I would not come here just for the Festival but if you are in the area or have a dinner reservation  in one of the restaurant then it is not a bad idea just to walk around a little. 

It took me less than 1 hour to visit most of the exhibits and took some photos."
"Dropped by Montana's Cookhouse for lunch. The prices are really similar as what they offered at dinner time. The deals they have are the lunch set that includes non alcoholic drinks. 

I got seated promptly and the bar area with 3 flat screen TVs at the sportnet channel. My waiter is nice and friendly. Decided on the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.. which he gave me a choice of fries, salad, veggie or SWEET POTATO FRIES with $1 surcharges. I just could not resist when he said sweet potato fries... :) 

My food arrived within 15 min... so no free lunch this afternoon! 

It is nice and relaxing to eat lunch at a quiet and near empty restaurant. 

The chicken a little dry.. but the sauce is excellent.. because it is SPICY! and the sweet potato fries though a little burn..but I just love sweet potato! 

Yes I will be definitely come again for lunch... I was in and out of the restaurant in 30 min!!"
"This review is based on the $3.99 Lunch Special.

The New Caribbean Queen Jerk Drum has this island vibe and the island price to match. Lunch specials are served with homemade fruit juice and available 11 am to 4 pm Monday to Friday.

$3.99 your choice of chicken and a drink? I would eat that every other day for lunch. Now the decision is Curry, Jerk, Fried or Stew?!

Chicken was tender, moist and well seasoned. Might it was cooked in a drum instead? But for that price, I am a happy camper!

Skip the Dish drivers was busy doing their pick up during the 30 minute or so I was here on a weekday afternoon. https://www.skipthedishes.com/the-new-caribbean-queen"
"When I stepped right inside Farina, I can feel the love. 

The warm smell of food being prepared in the kitchen at the back.

The greetings from the staff with such a warm smell.

In House made pasta: both fresh and frozen Potato Gnocchi, lobster claw ravioli, no egg pasta, spelt flour pasta...

A whole fridge full of pasta sauce: Lamb, Wild Boar, Marinara, Bolognese, Mushroom..

I just could not resist... 

My Yelp friend has been bugging me to make some fresh pasta at home.. but I doubt I would ever made any as good as what Farina offers. And I won't mess up my kitchen too!

I walked out of the store with a jar of Bolognese Ragu ($6.75) and 2 Portion Size of Fresh pasta ($1.99/portion) with a big happy smile on my face!"
"Lole does remind me of Lululemon. I think a lot of people would have seen the similarity.

Lole is Canadian sport wear brand that started in Montreal.

Lole is into environmental friendly products. That even reflect in their deco, the real plant wall at the front of the store. 

A lot of their products and clothings are made of recycled products. Imagine wearing a winter jacket that is made of 100% recycled polyester from post-consumer plastic bottles?!!! They are at $350 but now on sale at 25% off.....

Aside from sport wears and active wears, Lole also has casual everyday clothes...but the price may not be for everyone!

I will have to wait for a SALE......."
"Love the set up of Lake Wilcox Brewing's Brewery Pub!

Bright and spacious! Just so enjoyable to have a drink right at the bar or in one of the communal tables.

Have a sampler flight or even a pint in their tap room. Here you will find their usual beers which are available at LCBO. I personally would recommend giving their Small Batch Limited Release which changes regularly a try.

And the best part is to pick up some cans and fill up a growler right here directly at source. You cannot get more local than this! And there is not too many local brewery in the area.

Check their instagram feed for the most updated specials and events. BTW there is usually freshly shucked oysters available on Saturday from the Cannon Oyster Co and lunch service from Thursday to Sunday."
"Sheraton Cleveland Airport Hotel is really convenient if you fly into CLE and want a decent hotel to stay in the area. It is adjacent to Airport Rapid Station so getting around and to downtown area is easy.

The rooms here are quite spacious and have the necessary business amenities. Love the multi function charging station right next to our beds.

They did a good job with the lobby and lounge area as it is really inviting and comfy with the high ceiling,

Parking is $5 for hotel guests but the parking lot is a public parking lot that are shared with people coming here for conference and meeting so getting a spot can be quite challenging. 

For SPG Member for 4000 points Cat 2 is a good property to use your Starwood points which I did."
"I love my Halloween Adventure at Canada's Wonderland as it turns into a Nightmare during October.

I can now shoot zombies and makes them shed blood instead of shooting dragon at The Guardian. FYI I got the highest score for my group.

White Water Canyon becomes a corn maze infested by ""Cornstalkers"". Scream!

How about Club Blood or Blood Shed and more of those scary mazes?

Fun to hear young girls screams...... I just scream along. Or my Yelp friends laughing at us screaming our heads off!

Fright Pass for $40 might not be necessary as the lines moves fast.

Trust me, it is not that scary............... ...........

For management: if there is a little more lighting effect so I can see how scary those ghosts were would be awesome!"
"This is probably the first Menchie's that opened in the Scarborough area. Welcome to the neighborhood.

They really picked a good location right at McCowan and Finch, near high schools and with zero competition around.

Even on a cold winter afternoon, this place is packed with students enjoying an after school get together, their version of happy hour. Noise level can be quite high, imagine a small seating area with over 15 teens on sugar high? And they all singing along to their favorite songs (FYI: Counting Star was playing right this moment)

The store itself is really clean. The staff is sweet and has a nice smile.

I will be back if I have Menchie's craving but  probably during when the teens are still in their class."
"Oriental Food Mart is NOT my usual Chinese grocery shopping place. But I cannot resist when I found they have some amazing specials advertised in the newspaper or on TV!

I dropped by and pick up a box of sunkist orange for $6! That is a bargain...

I have to say Oriental Food Mart has a lot more selections of goods than T&T! I just want to buy some tea.. and there is a whole aisle of tea for me to pick. regular tea, herbal tea, vietnamese bitter melon tea, rose tea, weight loss tea, organic tea, Japanese tea...(and each have a few more different brand!) I just have fun browsing at all the tea selections! : )

I found the price is a little cheaper than T&T. But T&T is a lot cleaner and well maintained!

This place is really busy during weekend, I would suggest to stay away. However, the cashiers here are so fast and well trained! The lines are really fast moving!

Open till Midnight! +++++"
"I love the selection of Fine food at Pusateri's! All those yummy desserts from all the pastry shops in the Toronto area you can get from just shopping here! 

If I going to reviewed Pusateri's based on food and produces selection alone, this place is a 3.5 stars... Overpriced but this is Yorkville!

However, for a place that charging $5 to $6 for a small piece of cake which I more than willing to pay...It has such filthy and dirty chairs out of their street patio! Smelly, sticky and with garbage everywhere, tables were dirty.. I wiped it with one of the paper napkins and it just turned grey... full of dust and crumbs.... 

Maybe it was my fault that I should have my dessert to go and enjoyed that in the private of my own million's condo down the street... But since I don't live in one of those... I ended up just chowing down those desserts and trying to pretend I am somewhere else...."
"Sweet Pea Ravioli, Rabbit, Summer Truffle ($29)!! I didn't taste the rabbit nor the sweet pea...but TRUFFLES! Generous amount of truffles all over the few ravioli....creamy...and I wish I can have more....

My Yelp Drinking Buddy is really the only guy I dine with that can get so excited over desserts. The Sticky Toffee Pudding ($12) was so so so delicious that I almost tell him just to get his own... or he was telling me to get my own?!!

Waiter was professional and services were excellent. 

I feel a little out of place at Note Bene as I am not in my little black dress and all dolled up.... and the crowd here for sure are more mature......"
"This Starbucks definitely a place where the locals hang out in Richmond Hill!!  It closes at 11:00 pm most days except Sundays!

I know Starbucks is just so Meh.... but great meeting place to meet up with your friends and chill and catch up over a cup of coffee!!

Free Wifi! Comfy Seating!

Great options when other places are closed for the night! and some not even open at 6:00 AM!!"
"I never been to Punjab, India. I don't know what is authentic Punjabi cuisine supposed to taste like. But I can tell you after eating here at Kwality Sweets & Restaurants.. I am in love with

Bhatura!! Of course now I know they are deep fried made with ghee. They are just so good and I love how they puffed up when they were served as I know they were just so fresh!

We shared Channa Masala ($4.50), Karahi Goat ($10), Samosa ($3.50), Garlic Naan ($3.50) and washed them down with Salt/Mango Lassi. They were all delicious and well spiced.

Stuffed and Happy. But I can still eat more Deep Fried Bread!

Service here is A-OK. Our waitress was patience and helpful, She even dropped off extra napkins for us without me asking...maybe I just look like a messy eater!"
"$25 for Summerlicious experience at Kamasutra is really a great deal and I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the food. 

Great selections of Main! Yes there are 7 to choose from and your vegetarian friends would be happy with the selections! 

Appetizer: 
Pomegranate Chaat 
- love the complex taste and texture, I was half full after eating that! 
Kerala Crispy Shrimps 
- tasted pretty bland and the description is a lot more taster! 

Main: (love the naan bread on the side!!) 
Chicken Hot Pot Sizzler 
- Chicken breast was surprising tender, the sauce has great flavours and love how it comes out sizzling hot!! 
Lamb Shank Curry 
- Curry sauce was really mild but the lamb was really tender 

Dessert: 
Ras Malai 
- My dinner mate making faces when I asked him to try that... texture is strange.. I did enjoy the sweet milk syrup.. but I will pass! 
Coconut Caramel Pie 
- great if you have a sweet tooth... but sickening sweet!! 

Services was top notch! Great deco and with the dim lighting make Kamastura a great date place!! I might have to invite my Hot Yoga Date next time, she would love it here!!"
"Dangerous Dan's Diner for sure is an eating place out of my comfort zone.... Not only it serving meatlover's delight, it is in an area that I seldom frequent.

My friend kept eyeing Jilly's (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/jillys-toronto#query:adult%20dancing) across the street while waiting for our Quad C to arrive. Yes I read her mind - ""It is really what you think it is... you want me to set up an exotic crawl next week??"" (maybe more yelpers will come.....)

The Quad C is really a novelty item, good photo op but the meat is so dry and tasteless. It is a challenge to cook that thick a patty to make sure it is safe for consumption so we won't be all waiting in the ER at the end of our food crawl.

Been there! Done it! Took a Photo of that! Case Closed.

Back to my juicy, charcoal marked, human sizes burger.

Oh I hate the poutine, the gravy is so salty... and I barely can taste the potatoes... note: I do love french fries/sweet potato fries."
Utopia Dream Tea is now under new management with a brand new look and new menu.
"I am easy... Krepesz Cafe won me over easily... 

- Empty on a Sunday lunch time at Kensington Market area
- rainy outside 
- free WIFI just ask for password 
- Crepes!! Yes Freshly made Crepes! 
- Combo Deal?!!! Crepes and Cappuccino for $9.99 
- Nutella!! (My default fillings for a sweet crepe!) 

I just hang around here for awhile until the rain stop.. enjoying my crepe which was deliciously.. a little more doughy but great as a brunch.. 

I will be back for their Chicken Stew Crepe,,,, since of course it is a Combo Special deal!"
"I can really try every single flavour at Kekou Gelato House?!

The friendly lady did let me sample almost half of what they offers and the more I tried, the more I could not make up my mind!!

But here I sampled one of the best Black Sesame flavour I ever tried! So intense and love those bits of real sesame inside... 

Durian Gelato has such good flavours! It is just like I am eating the real fruit with no filler at all.... I can eat the whole tub by myself.

I can eat those 2 flavours everyday and I would be a happy content person.

But seriously, Coconut Sticky Rice? Spicy Mango? Coconut? Vietnamese Coffee? Ube?

I am in LOVE!"
"3.5 Star (definitely some hit and miss items but is promising!)

Back again and tried out other items on the menu:

Hohomi Chicken Wings & Potatoes ($5.95) though crispy but tasted bland. I doubt I would order that again. The potatoes was meh too.

Hohomi Baked Chicken ($12.95) was not as tasty as the Roasted Lemongrass Chicken. The fermented soybean sauce was just overwhelming sweet and heavy.

Durian Sticky Rice ($6.95) was a little disappointing as the taste and smell of the durian was drowned in the coconut cream. This taste more like a meal than a dessert. I just want more durian!

Vietnamese Thick Crab Noodle Soup - Bánh Canh Cua ($9.95) is a nice fusion version. Love all those real crab meat inside the broth and my Yelp friend just finished everything. I enjoy the chewiness of the udon like noodle!

I will be back and try out other items in the menu and of course their lunch special at $6.95!"
"Lunch Specials at Bali Restaurant are good value from $4.99 includes a drink or from $6.99 includes a appetizer. 

Singapore Laksa with milk tea ($6.99) 
- Dear friends, that is the real colour of the soup based.. without me photoshopped it! 
- Lack the spiciness and really really lame.. does have a rich taste of coconut milk without much curry taste 
- I know, you said I should have request more spicy..but this Laksa is definitely a modified versions that fit the Chinese palate 
- portion wise a little small... really small in fact! 
- Milk tea was served lukewarm... and presweetened 

Pad Thai with Mango Salad ($7.50) 
- Mango Salad nicely done, great use of coriander.. and the mango being in season makes this a great dish 
- Pad Thai is sizable.. and served pipping hot! I really enjoyed that...but as usual it was the food I ordered today..someone else food tasted so much better!

I would suggest for Lunch Specials, stick with the rice dishes and fried noodles dishes.. the soup noodle will leave you feeling hungry and you might have to go for a second lunch!!"
"BYOB is the best store in Toronto if you are looking to get inspire, get gifts for your picky drinking friends for special occasions..

Great selections of bar and cocktail wares. All these bitters for crafted cocktail mix, all these cool utensils, all these gadgets, and oh Beer Making kits!

Maybe I can look like a cool mixlogist if I can stock up on some of the products that BYOB Cocktail Emporium!"
"Gage Park is a multi function park just located right across from Brampton City Hall.

This is where most of the festivities: Rib Fest and Classic Cars and Legendary Stars weekend are held annually. During the summer, there are also concerts being held in the gazebo.

I love the tall mature trees all around the park  which provides a lot of shade. The flower beds are so pretty with so many flowers in their full bloom!

In winter, the circular path walkway becomes a skating trail. 

Gage Park is the oldest park in Brampton, originally opened in 1903."
"While walking along Baldwin, looking for somewhere to chill for a hour or so until my yelp friend meet me up for some Pre Yelp Event eating, something drawn me into John's Italian Caffe.. 

Not the food... as I did not even look at their menu... 
It was their Patio... I like how it looks with these big trees act as shade... Just giving me a feel of myself lying underneath a tree in nature..having a nap! 

Ended up I did not have a power nap as usual, I ate and drank.. my pre pre Yelp Event eating... 

Apricot Wood Ale ($5.95) 
- A hint of fruity taste..which I really enjoyed. but who won't enjoy a beer on a nice summer afternoon? 

Goat Cheese Bruschetta ($7) 
- I have to say I was really disappointed... 
- The bread was hard and stale.. I felt like I was chewing cardboard..but I was hungry......so I ate them all! 
- The goat cheese being dry itself did not help at all....

I definitely feel like I am on vacation while having a drink at the patio of John's Italian Caffe. I will be back next time but just for drinks.. I found the food, at least the bruschetta is not up to par! 

BTW, I was having so much fun daydreaming and playing with my IPOD using their WIFI.. I did not even realize I was there for almost 1 hour.. and my yelp friend arrived and pick me up for our next pre event dinner!"
"Salad King Restaurant is good if you want a Cheap Fast meal of something resemble Thai food in the area.  Eating here alone sharing a communal table did give me memory flash back of eating in a University cafeteria. 

Khao Soi ($8.50) has this really nasty funny colour but lack the complex flavor. The yellow noodle which suppose to be egg noddle was not really the ""real"" thing. But on this cold winter day, I was happy to be warmed up with a hot soup.

Will I be back? Probably not, but not a bad choice comparing to eat in a food court. At least I am eating out from a real utensils and bowl instead of some Styrofoam.

Singha beer large format (22oz) for $8.75? Beer... I might come back for some beers.. and I will need 20 chilies!!"
"Matsuya Cafe is a great addition in the neighbourhood. I would not call this a Korean restaurant as it is really a Hong Kong Style Restaurant with some ""Korean"" fusion dish. 

Opens 7 am daily for breakfast serving Hong Kong Cafe style breakfast. Then lunch and afternoon tea with the various  set that includes a drink.

Sadly dinner is all al la carte. 

Spicy Minced Pork Bibimbap ($9.99) with braised fatty pork belly served in this sizzling hot pot. It is not spicy at all but if you want some heat, Korean hot pepper paste could be added. 

Matsuya Special Steamed Chicken with Rice ($10.99) which is basically Hainanese chicken. It was just ok. Though the leaner free range chicken is used.

Price point is a little higher and the menu is quite different from their Scarborough location.

Since they just open a week or so, hopefully they can fine tuned their menu and service."
"Nguyet Minh is the OTHER Vietnamese store at Mississauga Chinese Centre.

While next door Thanh Son Tofu is packed with people lining up for some Vietnamese treats and drinks, it is basically empty in here. 

Jumbo fried shrimp cakes as big as my fist looks delicious.

The place does feel really crowded even when it is empty inside.

Freshly Banh Mi made to order and dessert iced (3 colour iced and other varieties) are available to order."
"Five Lamps has 12 drafts on taps with a selection of imports and locals, which is not bad for Unionville.

Their House Draft Five Lamps Cream Ale ($4.75) is quite a steal in the area. Not amazing and quite drinkable. Brewed by Magnotta Brewery similar to True North.

I couldn't comment on the food as I was only here for a drink.

Bartender is super friendly. The atmosphere is quite casual at least downstairs in the tavern area.

Not a bad choice if you want a quick drink with your friends."
"This review of The Carbon Bar is based on my ""Happy"" Hour experience when beers and bar snacks were all going for $5. So is this review bias? I guess kind of....

BBQ Dusted Crackling ($5) with Sweet chili vinegar
K.F.C. ($5) Korean fried cauliflower
Goose Island IPA ($5)
and Complimentary Snack 

Only offers at the bar area and Served Thursday through Saturday (11pm - 2am)

I love the bar area as it feels spacious and if you don't want to sit on a bar stools, there are small table for 2/4 on the side. Service was fast and efficient. 

I haven't try any BBQ items on the menu which the restaurant is famous for. I guess there will be a next time...."
"If my father is the one that is writing this review for Regal Chinese Restaurant, he would have give this place a 5 star.

He felt so at home when we having dim sum this weekday afternoon, as this place was packed with seniors!! 

He felt special because we got 20% senior discount and free tea just because of his presence.

He enjoyed the dim sum, but he didn't know that they were quite pricey even with the 20% off when compared to the other ones he been to...

He really like the huge dinner room, the high ceiling, the nice table cloths and all the polite waitstaff...

But he didn't know the cost of dim sum as he was searching the menu where I ticked off our order.

Small ($2.80)/ Medium ($3.80)/ Large ($4.80)

The dim sum was all really good, not too oily or salty or full of MSG.

He enjoyed walking around Woodside Square after having dim sum at Regal Chinese Restaurant and seeing all these seniors all hanging around the mall...

I think Regal Chinese Restaurant becomes one of his favourite dim sum place in Toronto...

Too bad for me Regal is a 3 star...."
"Seriously I would not have pay $12 for Egg Any Style with Sausage anywhere. Of course if it has truffle or foie gras in it, that would be a totally different story. 

But at 6:30 am and facing a 3 hour plus flight ahead with someone that is going to be cranky and hungry... I guess this is a price to pay to silent the complaints and  growling from hungry tummy.

We have no problem getting a table and service was fast since it was so early in the morning. Food was ok and my companion was happy with a half full tummy after his breakfast. Food was at least made to order as the eggs were prepared over easy as requested.

I do like the charging station at the tables as it has the USB built right into the electric outlets.

I wonder when YYZ would able to give travelers more dining options especially at post US Security at T3 but having Nobel Burger and even a Starbucks is better than eating cold hard bagels."
"Dayali newest location just opens up in Richmond Hill.

The interior feel a lot more spacious and with more small tables good for 2 or 4 people which is welcoming since reservation is not accepted for 5 or more people.

Obviously, one should be ordering Beijing Roast Duck but for tonight I decided to try out other items on their huge menu.

Stewed Large Meatballs in Brown Sauce ($3) 狮子头 - A-OK but was a little cold when served

Sauteed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce ($9.99) 京醬肉絲 - standard

Stir-Fried Pea Sprouts ($9.99) 清炒豆苗  - standard

Steamed Buns with Meat Fillings ($6.99)  特色小籠包

Rice Noodle in Spicy and Sour Broth ($3.29)  酸辣粉 - lack spiciness or sourness, cheap carb filler

Signature Breaded Da Ya Li Pear ($2) 金鸭梨 - My favourite item of the meal, #everythingtastebetterdeepfried

Though there were only 2 tables at 9:15 pm, 45 minute before closing, The kitchen was extremely slow. I almost want to leave when the steamed buns and pear just took forever to be ready.

Might be back again for other items. Hours of opening though was odd since they closes 10 pm daily, a little early for Chinese restaurants?

Waitstaff is super nice, really apologetic for the slowness of the kitchen and even let me yell at him a little."
"Gu-mi Restaurant is a Japanese/Korean restaurant in Scarborough run by Koreans.

During a snowy Saturday evening, I dropped by for an early dinner. I greeted warmly by one of the waitress and surprising allowed to sit in one of those private room/booth.

The menu offers a good selections of Korean and Japanese dishes at a very reasonable even at dinner time. I could not decide what to eat because everything sounded delicious in the menu.

I asked the nice waitress should I have sushi or Soon Tofu Seafood Soup ($7.99). without any hesitation she said ""SOUP"", yes on a cold winter night that does sounded perfect!!

Nice Standard banchans... and the soup arrived bubbling hot. The soup itself tasted pretty good, but the seafood were small..small little pieces of squid, shrimps... and not plentiful...not bad.. but not as good as other Soon Tofu's Speciality restaurants.

By the time I was leaving, Gu-mi has a full restaurant of Korean patrons enjoying their dinner!!"
"Yuzu Izakaya opens till 3 am.. Seriously? 

Great for late night snack and drinks!! 

This place so new I can even smell the fresh paint... 

Skewers $3 for 2 not a bad deal..... We tried the Pork Neck and Beef. Pork neck is well flavored, great bite and really porky. Love the hot peppers! 

Wara-Yaki Beef Tongue ($10) was meh for me unless you love the charcoalness.. The texture was way too mushy for my liking. I feel like I just smoked a cigar after eating that!

Beer selection is so so Coors Light? Meh"
"When we arrived at Reservoir, it was so dark... On a Monday night, this place was quiet.

Bartender was nice and helpful in helping us to pick our beers but since Reservoir has a limited choices on draft: Black, White, Scotch Ale, Plisner, Weizen, Cherry and IPA.

We didn't order any snack or food because it was almost midnight... and all we need was a drink.

Beers were OK. I guess...

Nothing standout to be too awesome for a special trip, but definitely will drop by for a pint or 2 when I am in the area!"
"Talking about Wine Tasting at Vinoteca?! COMPLIMENTARY Bar!!

I was given a glass and just asked to help myself with close to 15 red and white wines they have available...

Not really classy because they are all in a 16 litres plastic self dispensers... :) but I am not complaining!!

Great if you have a huge party and you want to just let your guests drink as much as they enjoy.. then those 16 litres definitely the way to go! 

I ended up with a Barrel Aged Pinot Noir Reserve for $9.85.. good for everyday drinking... 

Staffs are so friendly... and I will be back to try out more of their wines when I am in the area..."
"Brock St Brewing Co, a brand new brewery that opened in the area.

If you are new to craft beer and not too adventurous, you might enjoy their beers and the brewery experience. They have a few beers on taps to try out at 3 samples/$5. 

Blonde, Amber, Irish Red, Pilsner, Brown, Porter available either in 650 ml bottles, mini growlers and regular growlers.

Beers were brewed true to style but just lack character. 

Tour $5 with a sample flight which is a good deal if you want to know beer and how a brewery operates. 

Peach Pilsner was quite interesting though with a fruity aftertaste. Good for Summer drinking but only available in growlers."
"The Poke Box's poke is the 4th poke I ever ate, so I am not really an expert. But I enjoyed what I ordered. 

As a spicy lover, I of course opt for their Spicy Box ($11.90). I was hoping that I could try some Zucchini Noodle finally and be healthy but sadly they were all out at 2 pm!! So I just loaded up on my favourite Sushi Rice!

Check in using Yelp App scored me a free avocado topping! (+0.5 star)"
"BBQ Season is almost here! On this Saturday evening, I have this urges to have some Steak! Yes a piece of meat that is hot and smokey from the BBQ cooked the way I like it...

T-Bones Sizzling Steaks has always been on my mind after reading all these yelp reviews.. $12 for a 16oz steak dinner? Can I really eat a 16oz steak all by myself...

I was eyeing the 8oz when the friendly cashier suggested why don't I jut go for the 16oz, since it is way better value.. That sold me right there.. I would go to 5 hot yoga classes just for this decision!

I ate the whole steak all by myself... it was a tad dry even when I order it medium rare.. but yes it was A-OK.. and for what I am paying? Excellent..   I have definitely pay more for a burger (Marben's $17 burger!) than what I have today...

But please, don't take your sweetheart here for a romantic date, you will be in so much trouble......... 

T-Bones though look sketchy outside..but the inside is clean and the people are friendly, most of the staffs were young females... but it was Saturday 6pm when the sun was still shining!

T-Bones being opens 24 hours, for sure it will be a much better choice than the McDonalds down the street when you have a craving for some real meat in the middle of the night! Maybe I should go out for one of their homemade burgers now after watching the hockey game!"
"I don't usually goes to Starbucks but since I was in Shops at Don Mills and this seems to be the only affordable options that has Free WIFI access so I can spend a hour or 2. 

There are sofas, armchairs set up in the front and the back with 3 small tables and 1 communal table. There are tons of electrical outlets so I ended up staying there for 2 hours..uploading photos to yelp! The connection was impressively fast!! 

The cappuccino I ordered is meh... but I will come back for the Internet!

One good thing is this Starbucks it is frequent more by shoppers at Shops at Don Mills so not too many students hanging out here!."
"My visit to Little Nicky's Coffee was the result of one of those random unplanned walks I took while I wander aimlessly around downtown core walking to my yoga class. 

I know it sounded strange.. I need my espresso beverage fix before my class... I did not know Little Nicky's is located on the side street.. all I saw the banner saying Coffee Shop while walking along Queen Street, and that was my calling! 

Love the Retro Vibe of this place.. really laid back compare to other Indie coffee shops I been to..and you kind of have to chill and take it easy... 

While waiting for my cappuccino to be ready.. I could not take my eyes off those little mini donuts being made!! They kind of like Tiny Tims but they look a lot more delicious!! But you have to order at least half dozen.. and no way I can eat that have a cappuccino and do a headstand in a heated room within 30 minute. It took me all my will power to say ""that's all"" when the barista asked me if I want to have something else with my coffee... 

My willpower is weak.. really weak... I am now have my mind set to come back again to have those mini donuts SOON!! And of course, their cappuccino was awesome too! Lovely Latte Art!"
"A Chatime location at Montreal Chinatown?! This is definitely a good addition in the area!

At least I found most of the Chatime I had been to have a certain standard and I have yet experience a ""bad"" drink I have been to.

This is for sure one of the smallest Chatime. Don't expect to sit in and enjoy some AC as there is only a takeout counter and nothing else. 

As usual, the order was Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jelly less ice 30% sugar. The wait though a little long 15 minute+ but at least I don't have to go around and look for Bubble Tea Place for a cold drink.

Sometimes Chain or Franchise is a pretty good idea if no other good reliable indie business around."
"New Greatime Corp? Hey what kind of business name is this?? 

New Greatime Corp is really a Northern Chinese Spicy Hot Restaurant. It might give some of their customers New Great Time.. but for us the experience is just Meh... 

Good
- Nice and Clean, it is opened recently
- Excellent looking menu.. every single dish has a photo! Even diet coke! No 2nd guessing what you ordering 
- Cheap Beer!! $2.50 for a Canadian VS Cplus for $1.50! 
- TV showing popular Chinese game show! (when your dinner mate kept laughing and you think that he might have a good time eating with you!)
- Open daily from 4 pm to 3 AM, good place for late night after clubbing meals!

Bad: Food is MEH!
Dan Dan Noodle ($5.99)
It is really spicy even for my standard as my friend just could not handle the heat. But the only good thing about the noodle is its spiciness.. soaked in hot oil..yes those are hot chilli oil not soup. The noodle is the store brought type.. meh. The portion is huge! 

Whole Fish in Chili Oil ($20)
All these chili peppers, floating in hot oil!! The fish is the fresh, not previous frozen. If you go with someone that will eat any part of a fish esp head then go ahead and order. Tons of veggie (bean sprouts/chinese cabbages) underneath, but think about them soaking in hot boiling oil! I find that it is not too spicy if you avoid eating those peppercorns.

Steam Soup dumplings ($5)
Not a place for Northern Dim Sum. Though the dumplings are quite soupy and has decent flavour, but I find the skin quite doughy. They have to be eaten right away, if not the skin will turn hard and chewy!

New Greatime Corp is another hot and Spicy Sichuan restaurants opened up in the Scarborough/North York area. But it will not be the one I will recommend as a to go place if you have craving for some hot and spicy food.

Cash Only!"
"I do love everything that is cute. Baker and Scone delivers!

Dropping in on a quiet weekday afternoon for a coffee and of course their scone! Love their selections!

The hardest part was decision on only 1?! Those scones are quite sizable so one is perfect as a mid afternoon snack. Can't go wrong with any of them. 

There are limited seating so it maybe hard to get a table on a busy weekend. 

And make sure to grab some cookies! The cutest thing I ever seen!"
"Savour York Region's Lunch for $15 at Alice Fazooli's is definitely a great deal.

Mushroom & Sherry Soup (Porcini, Shiitake, Cremini, Tarragon, White Onion, Cream)
- Tons of mushrooms and it is not too creamy... the taste of Sherry is quite strong

Fettuccini Al'Pollo (Roasted Chicken Breast, Sundried Tomatoes, 
Spinach, Cream Sauce)
- The chicken breast is surprising quite tender and plentiful
- Cream sauce makes this pasta dish really hearty.....

Tartufo (Rolled in Toasted Almonds, Caramel Sauce)
- Almonds.... hmmm love that! and it is quite sizable... 

Service is really friendly. 

I would definitey come back for their drink specials at their bar area which is more casual...  Thursday Martini Specials sounded good!!

BTW, those spot lights shining right at my table are awesome for photo taking! :)"
"Oceans Fresh Food Market has a convenient location right by Hwy 410.  I don't have Oceans Fresh Food Market in my hood.. but definitely they reminds me of T&T or Foody Mart.

Mixture of different ethnic food plus Western and Canadian offerings. There is this Deli that sells cold cuts and cheese.. that that usual for a ""Oriental"" grocery store.

For the cooked food, there are a lot more Vietnamese varieties. Of course the standard Dim Sums, bubble teas, sweet and sour pork.. :P There is a little area where people can just dine in.

Oceans Fresh Food Market is trying to be a supermarket for all: Jamaican, Filipino, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, Canadian... so it can really be your one stop grocery shopping experience!"
"2.5 star

I feel really bad about giving Banjara Indian Cuisine such a low rating. 

The service here is so good!! The wait staffs are super nice and friendly. 4 star

But.... the food... something is really lacking with the food.

Cheetah Draft ($6.95) was really refreshing and has a hint of sweetness which I enjoyed. The freshly made Naan ($2.49) was warm and fluffy, love that!! 4 star

But the rest of the food we ordered were just MEH..... 2 star

Onion Bhajia ($3.95) - bland... I don't even taste the onion and quite doughy
Chilli Chicken  ($11.95) - Sweet and Sour Chicken? The chicken so dry
Rogan Josh Lamb ($11.95) - one of the better dish with chunks of lamb but with no spiciness
Aloo Gobi ($9.50) - tons of vegetables nicely cooked with good flavour
Mater Paneer ($9.99) - my Yelp friend kept spooning these onto my plate... I wondering maybe he didn't like it?
Garlic Naan ($3.95) - definitely on the pricey side!! 
Mango Lassi ($3.75) - really thick and served with a thin straw, start sucking

I found most of the food that served were lurk warm... so not hot and spicy and not hot hot... I was disappointed!

Maybe I would come back because of the great service? But definitely not for the food!"
"I came with high expectation for Yoko Japanese Restaurant and I left feeling so disappointed.....

The Good:
- Great Services: the staffs are so friendly and they have this good exciting energy
- Seating: We have a lot of privacy in our private room.. but we were there on a Friday night at 9 pm and we are the only one there...
- Rolls: The Black Dragon Roll ($14.95) so nicely presented!! The one of the best one I ever have! And it is both tasty and pretty to look at! +1 star

The Bad:
- The Sashimi Medium ($35.95) though looks so massive and nicely presented in a boat,  it is the most horrible sashimi I ever ate... 
The Salmon is the only fresh ones... The other fish does not taste fresh, taste fishy and a little slimy... It is the  first time I really want to throw up when I put those tuna fish is my mouth. My Boyfriend comes to the same verdict. We just could not finish what we order - 2 stars

I don't think I will be back to Yoko Japanese again.. at least I won't be ordering any raw fishes...

BTW, they do have a good selections of Korean dishes.. maybe I should have order some of those instead??

They accepts Mastercard, Visa and Amex."
"Sugar Marmalade opens at FMP! Now another option for some late night dessert and snack. The interior is nicely decorated and I love the varieties of dessert they offers. And quite a few Durian dessert too.

Mango Pomelo Dessert ($5.99) was quite good especially when mango was in season! Portion is on the smaller side.

There is a Call/Service Button on the table if you want to request for service.

If you love durian, then you would enjoy their well prepared durian desserts. The Swiss Chicken Wings ($6.49) we ordered was a big disappointment though with just 4 wingettes. I might just skip the hot food.....

3 Star for now, but I would be back to have some more dessert!"
"Moji Japanese Eatery is a welcome addition in the neighbourhood. I do like their simple menu and casual vibe. The kawaii cuteness of colour theme and mismatched furniture.

I usually have my dinner at 8 or later so never have an issue of long wait for food or inattentive service. But I can say the portion size and quality was not as good as they first opened which was a 4 star.

I have ordered:

Takoyaki ($4.99)
Curry Prawn Tempura Donburi ($11.95)
Curry Chicken Donburi ($8.95)
Gyu Donburi ($8.50)
Buta Mayo Donburi ($9.50)
Curry Gyu Udon ($9.95)
Mixed Fruit Ginger Tea
Matcha Milk Tea hot and cold
Matcha Soft Serve and Taro Soft Serve

I enjoyed most of the item aside from Buta Mayo Don. Mixed Fruit Ginger Tea was really good one time with tons of fresh fruit and ginger, then the next time was just so watery with no taste. 

I think consistency is always an issue as it really depends who was preparing the drinks for you or if the kitchen is busy or not.

If you are in the neighbourhood, it is ok to give it a try, But does not worth a special trip or the wait to just to eat any donburi in town."
"Organic and Gluten Free baked goods for sure is the main attraction at Cup of Tea Bakery and Cafe. 

They carries wide range of loose leaf tea, which are all prepackaged in 50 g and ranged from $5 and up. You can smell all the different kind of tea in air tight plastic containers at your leisure. 

For the baked goods, there are good selections of Organic Cookies ($1) which I find it reasonable.. not only they all look tempting delicious, they tasted great too!! The chocolate cookies I got have chucks of chocolate inside.. and not too sweet.. 

BTW, Cup of Tea Bakery and Cafe is Nut Free.. so if you have family or friends that are allergic to nuts, you can rest assure that the sweets you got is good for them! Also if you have special dietary and health needs, Cup of Tea Bakery and Cafe can made special orders bakery goods just for you!"
"Tian Yuan Station is kind of cute. Think plushy toys, pastel colors and everything princess-y.

Menu in the format of a children storybook. 

We were here in the afternoon and we were the only table. Waitress was sweet and ""green"", fit the decoration and theme perfectly.

甜圓黑糖燒仙草($6.99) House Special Grass Jelly Brown Sugar

A healthy dessert and yes it is not sweet as you do need to add the syrup to adjust to your level of sweetness but I love the bitterness from the Jelly and the chewiness of the taro balls. It did remind me of Taiwan.

Tian Yuan Station is worth a visit if you are in the are. (We were here because Double Ming was not open even after their posted opening business hour!)"
"How come I felt so comfortable eating at McCowan Fish & Chips?

Maybe I now finally to used to sketchy Scarborough strip plaza?

For a split second I almost thought I was in one of the Northern Chinese restaurants that I frequent and want to practice my Mandarin on my waiter!

You cannot blame me as all through my lunch I was listening to the two waiters chatting in Mandarin.

Cod Fish only ($5.50) is sizable. The batter is crispy and crunchy. The oil can be a little fresher but it is A-OK.

As usual, I tried one of the scallops and shrimps from my dinner mate's Seafood Platter (he offered, really he did! I didn't force him!) Both are not bad... but when I start eating deep fried heavy battered food, they kind of all tasted the same.

The service here is efficient and indifference... and of course remind me of the Chinese Joints I frequent!

See, now I know why I feel so comfortable eating at McCowan Fish & Chips!!"
"DECO-it Mobile Solutions is one of the numerous stores that sells cellphone accessories and customizes your cellphone hopefully making it smarter (unlocking and repairs).

It doesn't have a huge inventories of those fancy sparkling cases for IPhone but has enough selection in making my head spin.

The service is definitely quite good as right when I walked in one of the sale person ran up to me and offers me help already compares to the other one I visited that afternoon.

Price wise is not as cheap as the one I can order through the net but at least I can get  what I want/need right away without waiting for more than 1 week.

Make sure you double check if  the items are what you expect. Because exchanging and refunding might be an issue as no receipts was issued and I was given the wrong USB cable and got into a little issue exchanging for the right one the day after."
"Utopia Dream Tea has really strange opening hours... so strange that it took me three tries before I saw the OPEN sign turned on! 

Utopia Dream Tea's deco is based on Chairman Mao's Chinese Communist era theme.. simple wooden chairs and tables.. Communist propaganda posted on the wall, and of course Chairman Mao's portrait overlooking patrons blessing us all! 

The place was empty when I dropped by this rainy evening... only 2 tables occupied.. drinking bubble teas and playing cards. 

WIFI is fast and reliable, the friendly staffs will give you the password. 

They do have a minimum charge of $3.99 per person per 3 hours... complimentary sunflower seeds was provided as snacks.. (I made a mess as usual.. ) 

Hot Ginger Black Milk Tea Large ($4.99)
- has this really tangy gingery taste! Great drink on a rainy day! And they make it not too sweet  without me requesting!

Utopia Dream Tea may be a better alternative compare to Green Grotto down the street which is always busy and impossible to get a seat or a parking spots.. if it is open!!"
"Oh Geul Boh Geul is one of the few Korean Restaurants I drove and walked by so often but never visit. ( I even took a photo of their storefront and uploaded that on Yelp back in Jan 2011!!)

I guess I didn't really miss much as OGBG seems to be quite similar to most of the ones I have been with similar menu selection. The banchan though looked impressive with 9 and pancake! 

I was a little full... I had a beer or 2 in a pub (it was on St Patrick's Day).. OGBG was 3rd restaurant we visited this evening... And my Yelp Friend ordered:

Budae jjigae 
- A huge hot pot of hot dogs, pork, ham , veggie, instant ramen and even a Kraft cheese
- I felt like I am back in my University years that I would just throw anything in some spicy broth and start eating, the good old days...
- Portion is enough to feed 2 really hungry people, I should come back and eat again when I am hungry! Instead I just stared at the food.......

Service here is homey! The Korean ladies are super nice to us. 

My Yelp friend ended up packing 2 big containers of leftover to take home.  Maybe he can eat that when he sleepwalk in the middle of the night!"
"I have a totally delighted experience at Sogong-Dong Tofu House for lunch this afternoon!! The lone waiter is the most courteous waiter I have at least in an Asian restaurants.. Maybe Sogong-Dong read Jennifer M's reviews and decide to step up their service??

Lunch Specials (11-3) nothing too excited...The combination combo are $2 cheaper than dinner time. I was really hungry this afternoon because my unsatisfying meatless dinner experience at Guu Sakabar the night before, I decided to order:

Korean BBQ ribs+Soon Tofu ($12.99) but later changed to Bulgogi instead because the kitchen said the ribs not too good this afternoon.

Choice of Free Appeitizers: Fish or Salad
- Fish is a palm sized fish with heads and everything, battered than deep fried.. I was surprised that it was not fishy at all.. and in fact really tasty! I can imagine myself having a beer and munch on that

Five Banchans
- good quality and nicely presented
- really clean and thoughtfully done.. not the standard ones at some cheaper Korean restaurant
- My waiter asked me numerous time if I want refills.. I might have stuff myself even before the main course

Combination Soon Tofu hot
- definitely not hot enough... but I guess you can always request extra extra hot!
- purple rice and served in hot stove pot with the waiter serving me :) just like Buk Chang
- The rice a little soggy but not bad... I finished the whole thing 

Beef Bulgogi
- A little disappointing.. size is small for $5 exta.
- The flavour is ok.. but it is just standard Korean Supermarket marinated stir fried sliced beef
- SKIP!!!

Service! Great Service! Waiter speaks perfect English and with great smile! Yes it is important smile to your customers and say Thank you!

Sogong-Dong Tofu House will be the to go place when I am up in Hwy 7 area and have a craving for some Soon Tofu!!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard. Opens from 11 to 11!"
"2.5 star

Another new addition to the group of restaurants behind the plaza strip of T & T Unionville.

Champions Cuisine has this funky modern deco that I really like and the interior is spacious. Sadly the menu choice is limited and boring. I am giving them the benefit of doubt as they still in their soft opening stage and menu offerings could be adjusted easily.

Lunch Special $7.99 is similar to the pricing of the regular menu but with additional small appetizer on tge side.

Braised Beef Noodle 紅烧牛肉麵 has a nice aromatic broth and the beef was tender. Sadly the noodle was so overcooked with no bite at all.

Dumplings at $7.99 definitely on the pricey side which I cannot comment as I have not try that yet.

But I hopefully Champions Cuisine will become a real winner in the future.

Cash Only!"
"Bar Crawl #6: A sip of Great Lakes Raspberry Hissyfit Grisette

I don't remember much about my visit to Bryden's and I know I will be coming back. The beer list here are all craft beer from local breweries and I like how they really featured Great Lakes Brewery, my favourite brewery!

The set up here is quite roomy with some sofa like area where one can lounge and enjoy your drinks!

Bryden's beer list is seasonal and on rotation, I just love surprises.

I will be back!"
"I was lucky enough to try out a quite a few of Nawab Fusion Grill's offerings.

If you are looking for authentic Indian food, you might be disappointed but if you just want to have ""fusion"" Indian food, Nawab is not a bad option.

Nawab Garlic Balls - good
Mumbai Lollipop - good, great pub food
Green Poutine - ok
Pulled Lamb Slider - meh, a small spoon of lamb sandwich between 2 burnt naan bread
Seekh Kabob Beef - super dry and crumbly
Chana Malsa (curried chickpea) - good
Saffron Chicken - meh, not much flavour and super dry
Gulab jamun - good

Nawab trying to be a ""Gastropub"" really have to work on it's drink menu and add a little more ""spice"" and ""flavour"" to their food. It does have potential to be a great place for a drink and a snack after work!

Daily and Happy Hour Special!"
"Thanks Pioneer for opening up in this new neighbourhood up at Major Mac and 9th line! 

Their more aggressive pricing usually 7 cent and less than the ""market"" price has been forcing the closest Esso lowers theirs in order to be more competitive! Is this how the free market works??

Yesterday way passed midnight when all the other gas stations had their prices at 108.9 and they still keeping theirs at 99.9?! That's just so amazing. 

New gas stations with new pumps and love their paypass options right at the pumps. A quick tap 1 second later, I am ready to put in my gas. It was cold yesterday!

If you are in the area, please come and support Pioneer, so they can keep offers us a competitive pricing and good service."
"Sadly Taste Good BBQ does not ""Taste Good""

$5 for a rice box with 1 protein and tofu or veggie plus soup or bottle water. This is just so cheap and obviously you get what you pay for.

BBQ pork was dry and tasteless, did not taste good at all.

The store itself was not the cleanliness.

1 star for value
1 star for friendliness 
0 star for food"
"Soco Kitchen and Bar inside Delta by Marriott Toronto is a pleasant surprise.

I don't usually frequent hotel's restaurants as I found most of them were overpriced and serving mediocre food. Since it was freezing cold with -20 windchill, We decided to stay in and give Soco a try, I even invited some of my friends to join us!

Beers selection is decent with some from local Ontario breweries. I found my cocktail Caramel Apple Mule ($14) was so so. But luckily all the food we ordered were a hit!

#youwannaeat Mac'N Cheese ($10) with BBQ Braised Beef ($10+$4) is a must order as it had won 2015+2016+2017 Toronto Mac and Cheese Best of Festival. It did not disappointed! 

Charcuterie and Cheese ($24) love the home made terrine and crackers! A nice spread to share with friends!

Not Fried Calamari ($15) packed with flavour: savory and spicy. And it definitely tasted a lot better than it looks!!

Good food, reasonable priced right in this touristy area of TO. I now know where I would go for a night cap."
"Elegant Chinese Restaurant is located at the plaza at the corner of McCowan and Hwy 7. It is tugged right at the corner, and sometimes it is not really visible when you drive by unless you really look!

They have dim sum specials from Monday to Friday the whole day and Weekend/Holiday before 11:30 AM where you can get S/M/L size dim sums all for $2.40. This is really good compare to the regular price when a L is $5.00!!

Dropped by on a Sunday afternoon around 12:30 pm. No need to wait for a table but the restaurant is 80% full. When you enter in the restuarnt you will see this big fish tank.. ok huge fish tank with assortment of tropical fishes. No those are not for us to eat.. :P The live seafood is hidden somewhere at the back of the restaurant.

They have all the usual selections but with a little twist. We ordered chicken feet in abalone sauce, shark fin and shrimp dumplings, siu mai, a congee and a few others. Yes they all tasted much better than the cheaper dim sum places.

I will definitely come here for a nice Sunday Dim sum with the long wait in line even I need to pay more. Sometimes it is so stressful to wait over 30 min just for a table in other busy restaurant. And for sure will come again for the dim sum specials time slot.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"We dropped by Town Crier Pub for a quick drink before Blue Jays game yesterday. At 6:15 pm, the place was packed! There were though tables that were empty which were supposed to be ""reserved"".

We told the waitress we were here just for a quick drink and seemed like they don't really have an open table for 3. We were squeezed into a table for 2...

We were here for 1 hour or so and all these time those tables were still empty....... 

The Beer list is good if you are into imports! Still a good place to grab a quick drink or 2!"
"Ultra High Ceiling and Warehouse like deco on the far end of this Starbucks is quite unique and interesting. 

Unfortunately there are not too many outlets unless you sit at the more uncomfortable high stool/bar seating near the walls.... Those stools are really uncomfortable and I gave up after slipping off a few time...

Light music in the background was kind of soothing... 

Nap time... while my Yelp friend kept talking to me..............."
"Arepa Cafe is a nice place to drop by having a light snack..... 

If everyone is still hungry eating that Arepa just like me? I definitely felt the same after eating my Arepa and that half a mouthful of coleslaw..

Arepa+Juice ($10.50)
- I always have problem decide what to eat because I just like eating anything? so I told the waiter the Special and did not even ask what that special is.. (as far as I know, none of the Arepa has raisins inside so I am A-OK)
- End up the Special of the Day is Shredded Pork and Tomato.. not bad tasting at all... and the pork is nice and soft and I love tomato too..
- That sauce!! oh I love that mind blowing, mouth numbing hot sauce!! Now that's what I call spicy!! (hot hot hot!!)
- The guava juice is quite nice...but I think I will need the beer combo to put out the hot spicy sensation! :)

The arepa itself is really good.. but a little pricey... I have still hungry, but lucky I am at Queen St West an area with a lot of other food choices to fill me up! NEXT!"
"Moo Moo!

Moo Beef Noodles is a brand new beef noodle joint located inside the food court of Silver Star Blvd 國際美食廣場. This is not the same Moo Moo that used to be in the same plaza..

What caught my eyes were their offerings of House Extra Spicy Noodles with 3 different levels! My weakness for spicy food especially for a cold winter afternoon! 

Homicide Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($6.99) was quite spicy according to my Yelp Friend. But it is basically their Beef Noodle Soup made spicy by adding bottled diced red chili, ended up I cannot taste their soup based much! The beef though was really tender and of good grade! Noodle though is really standard.  My suggestion would be just order the plain one and just add chili oil yourself, at least you can adjust your level. I saved my friend by eating the whole order.... 

I can smell stinky tofu... Yes if you are into stinky tofu! If you don't want to smell, you might want to stay far away from this stall....

I will be back to try some stinky tofu!"
"The Bowl Kee Restaurant has always been my late late night eating spot in the area. 

The menu is small compared to a lot of other Cantonese restaurants in the area but what they serves are decent and comforting especially after last call!

Oil and Saucy and everything serves sizzling hot. Eggplant with Spicy meat sauce in a hot pot is one of my favourite dish here.

The clay pot rice which suppose to be their speciality though never wow me.

Deco was the same as long as I remember.. but if you are hungry and half drunk, that's the last thing you would have notice!!"
"Leewi Yoga is a really nice studio. 

Hot Fusion Class is definitely hot enough, staying close to the heater that are installed on the ceiling made me feel like I am under the broiler. Great for the cold cold winter! The class was definitely challenging enough for all level with a lot of optional flows.

The change room just so spacious with 3 counter area, so you never feel crowded or trying to elbow each other while putting on makeup or blow drying your hair.

Free use of lockers with a key exchange policy, so no lock will be needed.

Leewi Yoga is definitely a great studio and I would be back again for a class when I am in the area!"
"3.5 round up to 4

Newest Ramen Place in Markham!! 

I have been wanting to try Kyouka Ramen but never made it down to Queen West. And I am definitely excited to have Kyouka come all the way uptown instead.

Chicken Broth for the non pork eater or you can do a combination of both. Vegetarian options which is soupless.

Anchovy Shoyu all sold out which is quite unique. 

Give it a try if you are up in Markham.

Kyouka Ramen ($11) I suggest go with original with less fat. The normal fat was a little too heavy for me. 

Chicken Wings ($6) was tasty and crispy.

Service is friendly and fast."
"My first experience of Hero Certified Burger was a little disappointed. 

The photos and the descriptions on the website and in the store has this enticing looking meaty charcoal grilled burger is really attractive. However, in reality the burger is really meh.. the patty remind me of some processed meat similar to Burger King... There is hardly any char coaled tasted and the meat is really thin (ok I have the 4 0z.. it is my fault!) 

The condiments are ok though... like the spring mix options instead of lettuce. 

The bun is nice and fluffy and covered in sesame seed.. if they can have the whole wheat options, that will be nice. 

French Fries are little sloggy.. I may try onion rings or sweet potato fries instead. 

Signature 4oz Combo with fries ($7.99 plus tax) but I got a Wagjag $4.50 tax in. 

I just don't like the seating and design of this location. Since there is only 1 set of doors opens directly into the sitting area it get really drifty and cold when people walk in and out of the restaurant. I have to wear my down jacket when I eat my burger! -0.5 star

Parking can be a problem if you come on weekends because Hero Certified Burger shares parking lot with Baton Rouge, Go For Tea, Brix and can be really busy!"
"Le Centre Sheraton is centrally located for travellers to Montreal. 

Walking distance to most of the tourist location. Close to 2 Metro Stations and just a stone throw away from Bell Centre if you are in town for some Hockey action.

Being a big hotel, it does attract a lot of hockey fans, party goers during the weekend and it can get a little rowdy.

Our Corner room though is really spacious and have a great view even a glimpse of the river itself. Washroom is huge! 

Without free wifi though really doesn't cut it! Though you can get a signal downstairs in the lobby......."
"I love the set up of Sud Forno. The interior is spacious with high ceilings. Tons of windows at the front of the restaurant a good place to have coffee and meet up with friends.

Cappuccino and Mini Bombe! Perfect combinations as a snack anytime of the day. But anything tasted good with a generous filling of nutella?

The experience though is on the pricier side. $8 for that privilege. You do pay for the location which is right in Downtown Toronto."
"Crown Jewel Fine Dining is a new Chinese Cantonese restaurant that replaces Sam Woo Seafood Restaurant at Bamburgh Circle.

A much needed renovation resulted in a more open and brighter dining environment. 

Price point for dim sum is at the higher side: S ($2.80) M ($3.80) L ($4.80) XL ($6) SP ($8) J ($9.80) but it is a baragin during Early Bird Special: $2.80 S/M/L before 11 am everyday!

We ordered a few items to try, most of them were well made with high quality ingredients and nicely plated.

Har Gar (L) - excellent, jumbo shrimps with excellent bite
Sui Mai (L) - excellent, caviar didn't add much taste but looks good for photos
San Tau Dumpling (M) - The wrapping is a little doughy 
Beef Balls w/veg (S) - I prefer the bigger balls and water chestnut version for more bite
Chicken Feet (M) - The sauce is well flavoured and the braised feet is soft and nice
Deep Fried Pork Dumpling (M) - Looks pretty but just too doughy with hardly any fillings
BBQ Pork Rice Roll (M) - The pork was just too lean/dry and healthy , meh


Sadly, I didn't take advantage of the Early Bird Special and ended up paying full place but still worth it.

Service is attentive and friendly. 

I will be back to try out other interesting items on the dim sum menu during Early Bird Special!!"
"I don't frequent bookstores, personally I think it is not environmentally friendly to have physical copies of books and if I do need something I borrow that from libraries.. 

However, I really enjoyed my visit to this particular location of Indigo Books & Music. 

Free Wifi.. yes the whole store has free wifi coverage.. I know that's from Starbucks but I am not complaining. 

There are also a lot of arm chairs placed strategically around the store.. I have a feel of this place more like a library! Why would they let people just hang around comfortably reading books?? And there are not even signs around like Chapters warning people not to take books to read inside Starbucks? 

Cashier was super friendly and helpful. I forgot my Plum membership card.. and he offered to look that up for me so my purchase can be credited... it was only $9... .. but that's what I called customer services!"
"A view of Lake Ontario? Cute? Outdoor lakefront sitting? Surfing the internet with Free Wifi?

Even though the coffee at this Second Cup location is not the best, at least it's awesome view and location makes up for that!!

Of course, there is always Starbucks across the street................... if you want to use the washroom!"
"B & B Cafe Restaurant is another one of those Hong Kong Style Restaurants in the area... 

Fast and convenient and you can get in and out of the restaurant in 15 minutes!! Great if you are in a rush and just want something fast and cheap. 

Afternoon tea starts at 2:00 pm... however the menu is a little limited to mostly deep fried items... So I decide to go order: 

Beef Brisket and Wonton Rice Noodle Soup with coffee/tea ($5.25) 
- Fresh rice noodle is used instead of the dried type 
- Beef brisket has good flavour and quite tender 
- Wonton are smallish..and quite bland... meh 

Not my first choice but has plenty of free parking. 

Even for the high school students, B & B Cafe is not their first choice... for them is just kind of uncool to eat here? :) So good for me as I can have some quiet time!"
"I like the idea of walking underground when outside is freaking freezing!! But the PATH is really confusing!! 

It is OK if you are in no hurry and it can be fun to be lost... but if you are in a rush and you not familiar with the PATH, I would suggest just walk on street level. 

And it is really strange when some of the buildings are connected through some backstairs... which further confused me and makes me more disoriented! 

And also I felt like I walked through dozens of food courts, all the food calling my names... and all the stores I walked by are a little boring...zzzzzzzzz"
"If you have been to numerous Ribfests in the area and probably seen Horn Dawgs in quite a few of them. 

I always enjoy BBQs from Horn Dawgs. If you are like me kind of sick and tired of GTA's long and cold winter and dreaming about all those smell of meat at Rib Fests? Then dream no more because you can get those smokey piece of meat any time of the year.

Horn Dawgs' menu is more extensive here than what they offers at the ribfest. And they also have specials during the week or you can get a combo.

BBQ year round with no long line up!

Definitely worth coming if you are in the area for a quick lunch!"
"If I have to pick one store in the whole Eaton Centre to wait for my friend to get off work and go for dinner, Indigo will be the one!

Great selections of books that I can hang and read the whole day..... the only problem is I might just lost track of time and be late as usual!

Nothing beats the smell of new books! Go and try to have the same experience at the City Hall Library down the road... you know what I mean!"
"5 Paddles Brewery just moved to this location in December. 

Same good people running and brewing as the old location. 

Unfortunately during my visit their tap lines weren't up yet as yet and I cannot do a Sample ($2) or a Flight ($5).

Definitely check online and on their Facebook Page to see what available for purchase especially if you are into Seasonal brew! 

I picked up Murphy's Law (Oatmeal Stout) and Baby Belge (Belgian Ale) this visit and can't wait to Untappd them!"
"Love Bloor Gladstone Library! It is the best Toronto Public library I been to! 

Love how the new and the old structure just compliment and blend with each other so nicely... love the old arches and the vaulted ceilings.. love the big huge windows that letting in all the sunshine... 

Love the free WIFI.. and the numerous electric outlets for laptops or whatever you need to charge up! 

Love those comfy individual armchairs... I can just have a power nap in one of them anytime! 

Love the location! Right across from Dufferin subway station... 

I am in LOVE!!"
"Halo Brewery has this young and colourful theme that I love! We dropped by on a weekday so the place was not busy. Nice and cozy setup at the tasting taproom area.

Staff is cheerful and friendly. Since we were there during Summer, most of the offering were light, fruity with a sour note. 

Flight is available. Or if you just want a sample before purchasing, try before you buy a bottle or 2 is always a good idea!

Worth checking them out if you are in the neigbhourhood!"
"I always try to fill up at this particular Esso location when I am in the neighbourhood.

Gas prices here is always a few cents cheaper than all the other stations in the area.

Since it is not near any major highway, there is seldom any line up for gas.

The only complaint maybe it is impossible to get into the station if you are driving East on Major Mackenize or North on Dufferin. 

Always good to get cheaper fuel nowadays with this high prices on gas!"
"One's Better Living is a store that have everything.. everything that you don't really need but it is cute/fun to look at.

Love walking around the store and touch and look at everything and wondering if some people really going to buy all these Hello Kitty everything?

Since we don't have Daiso here as yet... hopefully one day! Maybe they will open up a store in the NEW mega Market Village Complex. But for the time being One's Better Living will do."
"I did not expect much from Marshalls but the product selection of this location surprised me.

I am a little obsessed with lavender soap, lotion or personal products. Here you can find quite a few of them at a reasonable price. Some of them are even imported from Provence, France. 

I also surprise to see a whole line of Cuisinart small appliances at a competitive discount price. Not open box stock.

Cashing out though painfully slow, as only 2 cashiers were working. But they did call for back up as soon as the line started to build up."
"The ""New"" Abbot Pub has the same menu as the ""Old"" Abbot Pub, so I know there will be a few beers on tap I would enjoy.

Love the setting here a lot better than the location on Yonge as the bar area is more spacious and the dining are has a nice fireplace so warm and cozy. The lighting is a lot better too as my photos will turn out ok.

The bartender is friendly and he offered me some home made potato chips to go with my beer. I guess I am happy as long as people feeding me?

The only compliant maybe the beers are not serve in their own glassware.. I just love to drink my Weihenstephan in its own glass.

I will definitely be back for a drink when I am in the area. Green P parking right at the back or free parking in the residential area which is just a short walk away."
"I had not been to Sherway Gardens for years. Coming back for a visit, I was pleasantly surprised with the upgrade and renovations!

Sak 5th, Nordstrom, Holt Renfew and Sporting Life being the anchor stores. Sherway Gardens definitely going for a high-end experience. It is kind of fun for some window shopping!

I also love the comfortable seating area, the skylights and free wifi.

Parking can be a pain but thanks for the parking information space availability information. 

I prefer Sherway over Yorkdale which is like a zoo no matter when you drop by. 

Oh and Danish Pastry House in Sherway?!!! My favourite pastry store in GTA!"
"Waffle U might probably be one of the best place if you are looking for Liege Waffles.

Liege waffle is a little more dense, chewier and can be quite filling. And since Waffle U let you pick unlimited toppings and the nice owner even offered if I want extra ice cream, I was on serious sugar high.

Only 99 waffles are available everyday. So if you are planning to be here later in the evening, it is best to message or pm before coming so he can save you 1 or 2 orders.

If you are into sweet, I strongly recommend you give Waffle U a try. I just love freshly made waffle straight from the oven. There might be a little wait for your custom made waffle, but it  definitely worth the wait.

$10 tax in per order is a little pricey but for frequent buyer you get 1 free for every 3 waffles purchased. I wish they can have a plain version with just a touch of icing sugar for a lesser price as I don't usually overdo my toppings. I want to enjoy the waffle itself as it is and I won't be on this sugar rush."
"Sanderson Library still looks like when it first opened back in 1978.

There were some minor improvements and upgrades over the years. 

I usually come here for a time out. There are some comfortable armchair seating in some of the quieter area.  

Free wifi, a chance to catch up on some work or doing some research. 

The newspaper and magazines area is really nice with floor to ceiling windows a good view of Dundas St!"
"Markham Sushi has been around for years. Since it is hidden inside the plaza, you would not even know it exist when you drive by.... I meant to try them out for a long time but not until now..............

Lunch Specials till 3 pm has a good selections of Teriyaki, Bulgoki, Sushi set starting from $6.99. 

The waitress wife was not there when I walked into the empty restaurant, so the sushi chef husband has to serve me and take my order. Quite a few people came in while I waiting for my lunch.

Sushi Lunch Special ($8.99) has a decent selection of fish though 4 of them were salmon. The fish were all fresh and I was a little surprise with their quality.

Private booth does provides a lot of privacy, but it was harder to get any attention when I need any services.

Dinner Bento boxes are all priced reasonable I might come by and try their dinner offerings as it is always good to support local business.

Closed Sundays!!"
"Have you ever hear your windshield crack while driving in your car? This is one of the most dreadful sound as you know that this little crack would be growing so fast and you might need a new replacement windshield or get the crack filled up ASAP!

Speedy Glass though is a franchise but they all individually owned so the service you get might not be universal. 

I love the location of this Speedy Glass as it is in walking distance to Markville Mall and quite a few restaurants in the area, Leaving my car here for a 3 hour was not painful at all as I can go eat, shop and drink.

Setting up the appointment was quite easy as you can either call the Head Office or this particular location directly. The service was fast and efficient. Within 15 minute my claim was processed and approved and my car was ready as promised.

William Mak the Manager has good experience with dealing with different insurance company claims and he make sure that you receive all the incentives and benefits. I love the  free water repellent treatment and 3 year free cracks and chips repairs.

I ended up getting new front and rear wipers at a good price and professionally installed by the technician. 

I am a happy customer and knowing I now have a perfect view of the road condition in all kinds of weather!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Ten Ren's Teatime.

Lunch menu starts from $8.99 that includes salad, apetitizers, main and a choice of soup or hot or cold drink.

I ordered the Stired Fried Rice Noodle Set for  $8.99. The food arrives quickly... and it is quite tasty... and the iced grapefruit tea is really nice and refreshing on a hot sunny day!

I think the lunch set menu is excellent value for the money!

However, the Strawberry and Pineapple slush ($7.29)!! It does look delicious and have good presentation. But for $7.29 that is quite pricey!! 

I really enjoy having my lunch with my friend at the patio.. It was shady, has a nice breeze and quiet.. No one wants to sit outside, they all stayed inside hiding with the Air Conditioning!

The service is nice and friendly, since the place was not busy at all when we arrived!

I would definitely be back for lunch! But not other time when there are no specials. I really think the price is really too expensive!

BTW, free wifi access during business hours except Friday and Saturday and public Holidays after 6 pm.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"Yoga Loft Vaughan Just North of Rutherford on Islington is the most awkward yoga studio I have been to. 

There is definitely some problem with the whole set up especially it is going to be a studio that offers mostly hot yoga classes.

In order to get to the change room and washroom, you have to walk through the practice room itself. So I was dragging my change of clothes, my purse, my mat through all these students lying in Sivasana waiting for the class to begin.

There is only 1 change room.... an unisex change room. There are 2 washroom/shower combinations, so if you want to change into your yoga clothing, you need to go into one of those to change. I didn't realize until, a guy walked into the change room. I can imagine how it is going to be when the studio get busy.... lining up for everything with the guys?

There are lockers in the change room for valuable, the front will provide you with the keys.

Grand Opening Specials $5 per class, maybe you can drop by and see for yourself... just remember not to walk around in the change room naked! :)"
"This is newest location of Pho Linh is the closest location for me to get my banh cun (rice roll) fix! 

It replaced the old Pho VT with a complete makeover. More simple white and bright decoration and just feel a lot cleaner.

Minced Pork and Mushroom with Sausage XL ($7.50) are so fresh and good. Luckily I was not eating alone, so I got to try their Pho too... XL ($8.00) has a really nice, fragrant and complex broth. Meat are of good quality and the fresh noodle are not overcooked!

So next time when I am back, should I order the Rice Roll? or Pho? or try something else on the menu? That's going to be a big decision for me! :)

Btw, I think I will stick with my banh cun, because I was upset when my friend start eating them... I want to have them all to myself!!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"During my last Weekend in Montreal, I was at La Boite Aux Huitres slurping oysters TWICE. 

I guess I must love them enough to make a repeat visit.

But what's not to love. Fresh Fresh Oysters and with varieties!! Skillfully shucked and beautifully presented. First time we ordered 4 dozen. 

Then we back on Tuesday again for their $1 a shuck. $1 oysters another couple of dozen please. 

Located at Jean Talon Market, you just cannot miss that."
"Fish Soup Noodles Supreme as the name suggests specialized in soup noodles... and the menu reflects that. 

You choose 
soup base: fish, chicken or Thai 
noodles:udon, vermicelli, flat rice noodles, glass noodles, etc 
2 toppings for free: beef, briskets, pork, fish, dumplings etc extra toppings $1.50 each 

Then you have your custom soup noodles!!! 

The above does sounded familar?!  

I was sad when Fish Soup Noodles House http://www.yelp.ca/biz/fish-soup-noodles-house-thornhill closed down in Thornhill and replaced by another HK style cafe. But I am glad that it reopened as Fish Soup Supreme!

The deco here is way way better. So many booth seats and the high ceiling with the nice neutral colour theme....

Lunch Specials for $7.50 that includes a bowl of their famous fish soup and tea/coffee.

Fish Soup Hot Pot! I want one of those... I will be back... I want one of those...."
"The Only Cuisine Corp location used to be a Bar10der where a lot of UFC party has been held and of course other sport viewing event include College Basketball.. And now it is a Northern Chinese Restaurant.

The interior has been completely renovated. No more TVs and monitors showing baseball/hockey games. All the patrons have one thing in mind now.. just like me is to eat!

Everything here is just mega sized, for sure bring a friend or two with big appetite as the menu here is extensive!!

I ended up trying:

Beef Noodle Soup (a little blend in taste)
BBQ Lamb Kabob (well flavoured with cumin)
Sliced Beef Bun (a little on the dry side)
Lotus Paste Pancake (for dessert)

Price wise is really reasonable. Though nothing outstanding and exceptional but everything done A-OK.

The patio in front is perfect for smokers to hang out in between dishes, not really set up as space for eating and drinking.

Give The Only Cuisine Corp a try if you are in the area.."
"Ota Japanese Cuisine is another AYCE Japanese Restaurant opened in Richmond Hill's Times Square Mall.

I have here for lunch and you do have the option of having their Lunch AYCE ($13.99) or Lunch Box ($7.99/$8.99). 

Sushi Lunch ($7.99) comes with Soup/Salad/Dumplings/Pop
- Salad is with Thousand Island dressing which I dislike... though the salad itself is fresh.. for me just anything that is soaked in Thousand Island dressing is a no no
- Dumplings are the best of the meal: pan fried fresh and have vinaigrette for dipping which were quite good
- Sushi is not bad.. especially at that price point! Can be a little fresher...
- Iced Lemon Tea is way too sweet, just like drinking sugar water...maybe just stay with pop...

Please beware that 10% service charges are automatically added even for set lunch... I can understand if I order AYCE... but lunch bento box??

Dinner $22.95 and extra $2 on weekends and holidays... though they are having a buy 3 get 1 free special.... 

PS Why do people always like to do some maintenance work while I'm eating in restaurants... I know they are putting some final touches.. but why putting up wall boards right next to me while I am eating my sushi??"
"1.5 Star

Maybe I should have stick with their baked good instead of their Sandwich. 

This location used to be Mister Baguette and I love the Banh Mi there. One of the best one I had...

Van Sandwich's banh mi was not even good. The untoasted baguette was really doughy and did not tasted fresh. My #2 BBQ Pork ($2.50) was mainly fat and cold fat pork is never enjoyable. Grilled Chicken ($3.50) and even Italian Meatballs ($3.95)?! I think I would skip!

Iced Milk Coffee ($2.50) is all ice. FAIL

No one else really order banh mi or sandwich, most of the customers were in here picking up buns and pastries. 

I really doubt I will be coming back....."
"Cupcake Heaven!

I just could not decide on which one as a snack...just one... orange chocolate? Winter Mint? Vanilla bubblegum? Chocolate Peanut? Oreo? Three of the friendly staffs voted for Red Velvet ($1.99)... so  I ended up having one of those! (the cake itself is moist, frosting is light and not too sweet)

Sweet  from Dufflet, Artisan Bread from ACE and those Store Baked Maple Bacon Donuts looks good... Loose Leaf Tea from Tea Emporium.... Freshly made espresso drinks... 

Good Cheese and Deli Selections! And all these hot food choices: pizza, pasta, remind me of the food halls I been to!

The dry goods section though are a little boring, just like one of those standard Loblaws...

This location used to be Maple Leaf Gardens and I still remember I watch my first LIVE hockey game here: Leaf VS Red Wings... I am pleased that Loblaws able to preserve the facade and some of the artifacts and transferred that into a lovely space....a place full of memories......."
"Ikki Sushi is one of the most homey restaurant I been to! No snobby Japanese Sushi Chef or Cool Japanese waitresses in Kimonos... Just a Japanese family owned sushi joint. 

Ikki has no swanky or chic decoration... It is kind of outdated and run downed and dare I say a little dumpy... 

Father as the Sushi chef and Mother as the Kitchen Chef.. and their son... a cute little boy is the assistant waiter... 

When that boy served my Lunch Special California and Spicy Tuna Roll ($7.95) to me and asked me to eat.. I could not stop smiling.... 

For the price, the sushi is not bad... I had better... and I had worse... but is the hospitality and that family vibe that made this lunch memorable."
"Akki Sushi & Bar does sound familiar?

I guess that Izakaya experience was not working? 

Complete change of the lunch menu and even their takeout menu now focus on sushi and sashami and rolls.

Change of name, and Change of decoration... hopefully will bring more of us sushi lovers in.

Lunch Specials serves till 3:00 pm is at a reasonable price of $7.95 - $9.95 and their food is much better than Ginza just south of it.

Sushi & Sashimi Bento Box ($9.95) 
- free app is quite delightful  which is a tofu in light sesame sauce 
- miso soup hot and savoury
- Sashimi is thickly cut with 6 pieces includes 2 hamaichi
- California roll is ok, but without the flying fish roe.. and can be roll up a little better
- side salad has this light ginger and sesame dressing!

Overall A-OK experience. Service is fast, great lunch menu with over 10 bento boxes to choose from includes vegetarian choices! I definitely will be back for lunch!"
"Mirage Noodle Restaurant is one of the numerous hole in the wall Northern Chinese Restaurant that opens up in Scarborough area. 

They specializes in both Northern Chinese food and Taiwanese food according to their menu.

The place is a little dirty.. a little runned down... a little messy..

A nice Chinese lady greeted me in Mandarian.. and she hardly speaks any English.. OK time for me to practice my limited Mandarian.

There are a lot of different items to choose from. There are also lunch specials for $4.99 which mostly rice dishes.. I decided to try the Zha jiang mian (Minced Pork Noodle) $5.50 and Spicy Potato Salad $2.99. As usual I requested them to be extra spicy...

The noodle arrived. The noodle is quite chewy.. and warm. The meat sauce is not spicy for sure! The taste is a little bland.. but is not bad.

The potato salad though as not as spicy as the usual ones I have. But the dressing has a good kick of sourness... and the potato is crunchy and refreshing.. 

Business for sure is not too good here.. There were only another table occupied the whole time I was eating there! When there are so many other choices in the Finch Midland Centre, I am not surprise at all!

I would not be back to eat here again.... though I feel sorry for this little family runned business!
 
Cash Only!"
"Teds Restaurant is a real old school diner. I felt like I just took the time machine and went back 30 + years. 

All Day Breakfast from $4.25 with 3 eggs, toast and home fries. Nothing fancy but good solid breakfast.

Service was fast and friendly.

If you are in the neighbourhood, it is worth checking it out."
"J. Crew might not be for everyone. 

I personally find their style ok as a casual wear but a little pricey at full price. This newly opened Factory Outlet does offers saving of 40% off the original prices.

Services is excellent! The sales here are all so helpful as they really goes out of their way to help with sizes!

It might worth your while to hop in to look around to see if there's something that you might like on sale... 

I ended up buying something too! :) 40% off!!"
"3.5 Star - 3 star for the drinks + 0.5 star for the service

The Alley is a little dark but clean. The people working here is friendly and enthusiastic. They sincerely wanting you to have a great experience and enjoy their drinks.

I was offered a sample of Royal #9 Milk Tea (Half Sweet). The tea was aromatic but a little watery milky and sweet for my taste. The Sweet Dew Oolong 雨露金荁 (Less Sweet) though is something I enjoyed more. A hint of vanilla aroma and a light taste of oolong tea.

The Alley does have a lot of potential and I like their different varieties of drinks. I definitely would be back to try out other drinks. 

Commerce Gate now with 5 tea joints feels like the plaza of Taiwanese BBT. Welcome The Alley to the battle ground!"
"Delta Hotels by Marriott Toronto is conveniently located in downtown Toronto and in walking distance to most tourist area.

And since it is so close to Union Station, you can hop on the Subway, UP Express, VIA Train, Go Transit and all these would connect you to anywhere around the City proper and the rest of GTA and beyond!

The hotel itself is relatively new and well maintained! My room is spacious and well appointed. And the view probably one of the best in the area with CN Tower and Lake Ontario. 

Soco Restaurant the main hotel restaurant has a great menu and good food. I don't really expect much from a hotel restaurant but it exceeded my expectation and the price is really reasonable too!

Sadly Char No 5 was not open during my last visit. I would be back for a drink next time to sip on some Canadian Whiskey.

Highly recommended as a Staycation Hotel even if you are locals.

Pet friendly is always a plus!"
"Every neighbourhood needs a small family style breakfast joint. 

Egg 4 Life is the one for Boxgrove's neighbourhood. 

Open 7 days a week from 7:00 AM!! Some poor soul like me needs to go to work Saturday mornings and just want some home style breakfast.. 

3 Fried Eggs Over Easy with Toast and Home Fries ($4.49) really hit the spot and tie me over till lunch time. 

Free WIFI... Yes that's what I like! 

CP24 is on..Yes that's what some people like!

Save your reciepts as 6 of those will redeem a free $4.99 entree... So buy 6 get 1 FREE!"
"Lomography is a really neat store. Love how it was set up with all those cool cameras in display.... 

Personally I guess I am just too spoiled by technology and to see instant results...... 

Thanks for the staffs being so patient trying to show me how the camera works... but my photos turned out lousy........ 

I guess I need to come back and take one of those $10 ""How to take a Lomo photo class!"" If I figure out how it is, I think I will get one of those babies.. I want that bright RED one!! :)"
"Free Admission on Wednesday evening. +1 Star

I don't think I would have pay full admission $20+ to visit Aga Khan Museum. The space is stunning and I love the setting of the museum. The item on display is quite unique and it is about the Islamic Cultural and History. I just wish there is more content and more description on the item on display. 

Definitely come and visit during the free admission, it worth your time and effort.

$10 flat rate parking self serve parking lot"
"I usually come to Nino D'aversa Bakery for a quick coffee break and a pastry.

There are 2 lines one for the hot table and other just for sweets. Nothing too amazing and all the constructions in the area, turning into and out of the plaza can be such a hazzle. I have drove by a few time and did not even bother dropping by again.

There is so many Nino D'aversa locations so I won't bother coming here unless I am in the area."
"2.5 star

I always feel so displaced when I walking around in one of the ""Town Centre"". They all have similar stores, similar merchanises, similar food court offerings...and same depressing people....

I hate when I started going around in circles..and forgot which entrance I came in and where I should exit.... Was it ""A"" or ""3"" ? ""Lower"" or  ""Upper""? Did I walk pass that stores again? How come I am at a dead end?

I have to give Erin Mills Town Centre some credits! At least even if I got lost and got so tired going around in circles... I can at least lounge out in those comfy cushioned sofas set up like a little tropical oasis...even with palm trees as decoration! BTW, there were even free entertainment as I watching this young couple making out under one of the palm trees.. (no photos were taken, as I respect their ""privacy""!)

Erin Mills Town Centre is a good mall to browse around if you are on a budget..because basically you might never see anything you like and ended up you won't buy anything and you have your leisure walk without spending any money!"
"Been back for a few more times to Chung King for Peking Duck and other dishes.

Duck is still good but seriously the other dishes are really meh..

Every time I have out of town guests, I ended up eating here. But from now on, I will just going to order the duck two way..and then go some where else for a 2nd meal!"
"Oil Changers are just a friendly bunch of people.

I just love how all these guys comes over and fuss over my car... like this is the most important thing in the world. Everything checked and fluids topped up in less time than I can review them.

They definitely professional and efficient and really enjoy doing their job. I wish my dealer can change oil as fast as that!

They also have the facilities for Drive Clean Emission test too. So you can do everything at the same time.

But these people are so nice, I wish I can stay and talk to them a little longer...."
"I did not have a Burger at the Burger Bar... hmmm
I hardly eat Burger, maybe once a year....
Why I am in the Burger Bar? A group of yelpers wants to go for a drink after a UYE, and they took me here.

This place is dark.. a Bar suppose to be dark,, I need to lightened up! But I cannot take good photos when it is dark! hmmmmm

Anyway, I settle for a Red ice tea. Haha I don't know what's a red one is.. VS the green or yellow one.. It just pretty in Red! Yes the iced tea is freshly brewed type.. not from the powder or syrup.. and I love them unsweetened.

Service is good and attentive. 

Maybe I will try a burger next time?"
"All Global Pet Foods stores are independently owned., so the pricing and selections are all different in their own ways.

This location is clean and well organized. It also carries the holistic and wellness brands that my dog eat on everyday base.

Staffs were helpful and friendly especially when I looked lost and couldn't decided what treats I want to pick up for my dog."
"This is the first ever yoga studio I visited before I start my yoga journey. So this studio always feel special for me.

It has excellent facilities! The facilities has all the things you ever think of you need: 

- 4 shower stalls with shampoo, conditioner and liquid soap
- 2 washrooms
- 3 hair dryers
- hair gel
- little plastic bags for your wet yoga clothes (yes they got all soaking wet after the class) ps not too environmental friendly option though
- elastic and hair clips for your hair
- lockers for your purses and valuables with keys
- free use of cleaners and towels to spray clean your mat after class
- Large big windows
P.S, I can only comment on the ladies change room

There are tons of underground parking and elevators all the way up to the studio on the 2nd floor.

The price is excellent too. One of the best in the area.

The things that I wish that will make it my favourite studio:
- More classes on the weekend and in the afternoon during the week
- More varieties of classes (especially non heated classes) I know since it is call hot yoga..so I guess I should not expect too much
-Less turnover with the teachers

It is one of the studio for Passport of Prana, if anyone interested in visiting!"
"I love Italian Bakery... I love when the air is filled with the smell of bread and baked goods..I love the vibes of a market feel..I love I can get my caffeine fix... 

Emily's Bakery has the usual European baked goods: breads, pastries, sweets. A hot plate station with your cafeteria type of Italian food: veal cutlet sandwiches, pasta, pizza. An espresso bar. Italian groceries. 

My Cafe Latte is A-OK... and it was enjoyable to sit at the back of the store and do some people watching..."
"something really wrong with my GPS, when I punched in the address of Balanced Life Yoga...it guided me to a undeveloped piece of land.. as it just would not take me to Salem Road S!! But being persistence I found the studio with a few minute to spare!

The class I took on this weekday morning is called ""Fire and Water"" so it is kind of like a Vinyasa and Restorative class.. with the first half of the class with flows and the rest of the time in restorative poses.

Though according to the schedule the class is fit for all level, but I found it really elementary with no variations offered. I guess most of the students are beginners.. Shasta was pretty good and really patient as she explained the poses thoroughly and the class was quite good! (I always like the sleeping part!)

Balanced Life Yoga is a excellent Community Yoga Studio. I feel a good caring vibe between the students. 

BTW, there are yoga mats to borrow for free in case you forgot to bring your own or you don't own one!"
"Dahn Korean serves one of the most expensive Korean lunch specials in the area but it is also the newest, cleanest, chicest of them all? 

Services was excellent! My waitress was all smile and pretty too.... 

Korean Cold Noodle for $11 is their lunch specials... though it was quite tasty but I don't think I can afford to come here too often... 

Vegetarian choices are limited here.. but it is really a Korean BBQ place and the last thing that people want to BBQ are veggies?"
"The Curzon is a nice neighbourhood watering hole. 

The mismatching sofas, armchairs and couches does looks welcoming and cozy.

Came in on a Saturday night while the Leafs game was on, bartender unfortunately said that daily Happy Hour specials won't be available!! Stupid Hockey game!! I want to have my $6 Martini!

Beers on draft though limited but for $6 is A-OK. 

Unfortunately, we ended up cannot enjoy our comfy sofa for long as the bartender announced that a big group would be arriving with reservations at 8 pm...... Boo... 

Luckily, Leslieville does have a lot of other options!! NEXT...."
"Brand new Vietnamese restaurant opened at Markham Liberty Square near Warden and Hwy 7.

I visited here during their Soft opening.. a big note was posted at the entrance warning customers of some items not available and expect slow service... so I guess I cannot really complain if that really happened? 

The interior is clean and nicely decorated. Big floor to ceiling windows letting the sunlight filtering in.

The menu is standard Vietnamese restaurant dishes... but big selections of Pho or Soup based Noodles. Though, no lunch specials!

Special Pho (Large) $6.77
- Maybe I was hungry, really hungry??? I was still hungry about eating the order... I migh have to order a side order of spring rolls next time
- Soup based has this sweet taste... and I was quite thirsty after my lunch
- Soup can be more steaming hot... 
- Noodle though not fresh but decently good... doesn't have that funny preserved taste to it
- The basil looks disgusting dry... and dead... 

The services though were excellent... since there are tons of wait staffs and they all so eager to help and get me anything I need. My food arrived a few minutes after I order, so great to drop by if you are in a rush!"
"Pho Hong Ha used to be Pho Hoa which is a franchise Vietnamese restaurant.

Aside from the front door sign and the name, Pho Hong Ha is exactly like how it was use to be Hoa. Maybe it is in transition? or maybe that's no point being one of the franchise anymore?

I was lucky to order the large portion of Pho as it is kind of like a medium and good for a snack or light lunch. The broth is not bad, quite savoury. The noodle though is the dried type and so thin that it is more like a vermicelli...

The service though is lighting fast! From the moment I ordered to have it appeared on my table was like less than 2 minutes!"
"This review of The Marlowe is based on the Savour York Region Special $25 dinner menu.

3 Courses for $25 sounded like a good deal? But if you comes with an empty stomach, you would leave hungry unless you stuff yourself with the dinner rolls. The dinner rolls were warm and really tasty.

Appetizers:
Caesar Salad/Organic Green
- I could not believe how small they are...... I hope it is not their regular order
- fresh and crispy though

Mains:
Short Ribs Braised in Red Wine/Baked Tilapia/Crusted with Lobster and Crab Meat
- Short Ribs was rich and tender 
- Tilapia was so so... I was a little disappointed because as fish is their speciality??

Dessert:
Crepes with Ice Cream/Chocolate Mousse
- I would not have order them again... remind me of some home made desserts

Side order:
Mussels in Tomato Broth ($10.99)
- That's was the best food of the night. The broth was nicely flavoured and mussels were quite fresh!

Would I go back? Not Really? 

For a drink? Maybe? Definitely not for their food!"
"Sindhi might not be the most authentic Indian food experience but I really enjoy the more modern vibe with minimalistic deco.

A twist of Indian's street food which is quite unique compares to other Indian restaurants in the area.

We arrived for late lunch (after 3 pm) and since the restaurant was not busy, we had full attention and service from the staff.

Prawn Koliwada ($9) - Huge prawns cooked perfectly!
Sharmaji Ki Chaat ($6) - Really interesting contrast of taste and texture 
Sekanjebin ($3) Dried Plums & Mint Cooler
Masala Cola ($3.50)
Sindhi Rabdi Falooda ($6) 

We really enjoyed the food and the dining experience. Definitely coming back to try out other items on the menu next time when I am in the neighbourhood."
"Sika Deer Chinese Cuisine is ""another"" Northern Chinese restaurant that opens up around the Midland and Finch area.

Sadly, the food that they serves here are not as good as the ""other"" Northern Chinese restaurants, both in presentation and taste.

国宴獅子頭 Banquet Lionhead ($4.99) - So much pork fat in a bad way especially the pork is boiled, so so oily and mushy
夫妻肺片Dliced Beef Shank, Ox Tongue & Stomach in Chili Sauce ($6.99) -  Chili Sauce lacked flavours, and the meat were dry 
家常疙瘩湯 Home Style Dough Drop Soup with Vegetables ($4.99) - not a bad dish, but kind of taste like canned soup watered down with those frozen green peas and carrots

Sika Deer is not going to be the go to place if I am in the area for some decent Northern Chinese Cuisine."
"I expect much better pasty at Brazil Bakery as after all it is a Bakery. 

Sadly both the Pastel de Nata and Tarte de Amendoa were just marginally good. 

Almond tart just hard and tasted stale. I almost just want to trashed it after 1 bite but I think My Yelp friend must be really hungry as he finished the whole thing... and then telling me it was not good?! (He must had been used to my cooking skill now... )

Pastel de Nata had this thin crust that I like but the filling was just overly sweet and didn't have much substance. 

Maybe I should just drink a coffee... next time..."
"If all the churches are set up with a couple of beer brewing tanks, I bet you my friend would go to church every week.... 

Church Brew Works just look like a church from the outside. I definitely got fool by its exterior appearances. But when I was walking down the aisle, I know I have come to the right place!

I am always really into churches, love all these stained glass windows, the stone vaulted ceiling, and the Altar. 

Sitting at the benches sampling a beer flight of 8 ($12.75) and eating some Traditional Pierogies ($6.50) was definitely enjoyable experience. 

I definitely will be back for the beer, beer is definitely better than food?! 

Ample parking at the back of the Church, make sure you have a designated driver!"
"I need a Rude Dude! (A Double Cheeseburger)

Sadly The Ruby with one patty was small and cannot satisfy me.

Simple and well made with fresh ingredients. A little pricey for a small burger though at $6.50.

That ""dude"" at the cash was super friendly. 

Cash or Debit only."
"Siam Square Hut's lunch special. Quit a decent choice if you are in the area and craving for some Thai food.

Basil Chicken with Rice ($10) comes with either Tom Yum Soup or Spring Roll: Really healthy option as it comes with a lot of vegetables. Tasted homemade, I guess that is good?

Thai Curry Puff (2/$5) reminds me of the ones I had at Patchmon's https://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/patchmons-thai-desserts-and-more-toronto?select=UsxpjgbuB-FrYxJaxjVSAg I guess this is good?

Service is friendly and homey. Awesome Thai hospitality."
"This review is based on Dim Sum experience at Full House Chinese Cuisine.

$2.08 each for all the dim sum items on the ordering sheet all day!!! Great value!

The wait staffs though were really indifference.... one of those that pretend they don't see you and most of them just group themselves chatting away at the back of the restaurant.

The dim sums though were meh. The Chicken with Sticky Rice wrapped in lotus leaf was not even heated all the way through. 

I definitely not recommend coming to Full House if you want a decent dim sum experience!"
"Jyuban Ramen House has a limited menu offering Ramens, grilled dishes, rice dishes... 

I was in shock when I noticed they have this Super-Bowl Ramen for $15!!! $15?!! Did I come to one of those Ramen place in NYC by mistakes?? 

No way, I going to pay that much for a Ramen in Toronto, Richmond Hill at a FTR places! :P So I settle for the cheapest Ramen which is NOT even on the Menu! 

Jyuban Ramen ($5.95) 
- Ramen in chicken soy sauce with pork and some veggie 
- The waitress comment that it will be smaller than their regular Ramen but I told her is the perfect size for me 
- The broth I tasted more soy than the chicken..and I expect it to be saltiness and it is really salty... 
- 2 little piece of cold pork floating in my little Ramen... 
- the noodle itself, was cooked al dente.. though quite good..( in their menu, they emphasis how good their in house made noodles are!!) 

Rice cake with Pork ($2.50 if order alone with a noodle is $1.50) 
- I will be really upset if I pay $2.50 for that! even at $1.50 really not worth it!! 
- The pork inside was really really dry.. at first I thought it was those preserved shredded dried pork they sold in the supermarket.. 
- The rice has no taste at all... and the pork not juicy.. so SKIP!!!! 

Chinese run Ramen joint... don't be tricked by the Japanese in the menu... and $15 for a Ramen?? Who is going to pay that much for one?"
"I came here to pick up and exchange some equipment when I was upgrading my cable and internet service.

I have prearranged and have the work order verified with a Roger customer agent over the phone. I was just glad the transition was easy and smooth.

The girl that served me was really efficient but a little cold, I felt like I was dealing with a government employee? 

I would probably prefer doing my upgrade over the phone or with a third party Roger service provider : Am-Call? which at least go the extra miles and thanks me for my business."
"I wish I don't have to go lunch all by myself!
I wish I can try out more different dishes!

Dropped by Federick for a quick lunch.. I never been there before. I have to agreed with fellow yelpers, the decoration does looks dated... Red and orange colours are the choice of colours! (My photos did not turn out good because of all these crushing colours!.. even my food is red/orange!)

The restaurant is quite quiet.. only 2 tables were occupied. I can sit anywhere I like! The lunch choices all for $5.30 includes pop or tea is quite extensive. I decided on the Chicken with Chili Sauce.. extra spicy.

The waitress dropped off this whole pitcher of iced water and diet coke on my table.. huh? Is the food that spicy that I need to drink all these :)!! But it is a nice touch, since I don't need to keep asking to have my glass to be filled up!

My food arrived quickly... That bowl of rice is packed solid and huge! hmmmm that is double portion what I usually let myself eat.. :P Can I really finish that?? The Chicken is quite tender and with a little hint of spice. Luckily, the hot sauce and the real chili in vinegar. There are a lot of sauce and tons of veggies. OK I finish all the rice.. I am having a carb attack! The sauce have to be eaten with the rice to make it taste good!

I think the Chicken in Chili Sauce is just ok.. It did not ""WOW"" me! But I definitely will come back to try other dishes...

The service is quick and friendly!

Cash only for order under $25! So you need to eat more if you want to pay by VISA."
"Master Steak! Master Steak! When I asked my yelp buddy where he has to visit on our A Day of Mississauga outing.. that's all he kept saying..  OK, Master Steak here we come!

8oz/10oz/12oz/16oz - TBone/NY Steak - Baked Potatoes/French Fries -  Well Done/Medium/Medium Rare/Rare.. choices and more choices... decisions and more decisions. That older lady at the cashier kept giving me pressure to make all these decisions!

16oz NY Steak cooked Medium Rare with Baked Potatoes and Salad ($16.99)
- 16oz fresh off the grill steak! Medium Rare is a little dry..since the steak was almost cooked through with just a hint of pink..so Rare might be a better choice 

Come to Master Steak for the food if you are a meat lover!! 

Cheap, Simple, Down to Earth both in their food and their decorations and even their patrons. Truckers are nice people... and sometimes they are a lot nicer and polite than some of the drunk people I met in a club...

Don't ever bring your date here until you certain that she is really into you... if not, she might never willing to go out with you again! :)"
"Asahi Sushi sucked me in because the sign on the window promised LUNCH SPECIALS from $6.95. 

This restaurant just made me feel depressed. The decor is so outdated and in bad need of renovations. Everything feel a little sticky, a little dirty. The whole time I was there, I was the only 2 tables that occupied the whole empty restaurant.... 

Lunch Special B ($7.95) comes with salad/soup, 4 Salmon Sushi and 6 pc of Crispy Salmon Roll. The fish itself was quite good.. the only thing I can comment on is the crispy salmon roll a little too heavy on the tempura bits. 

I don't think I will be back again...."
"This location used be T&T and it took 1 year before Field Fresh opens another grocery store in the same location.

The layout is basically really similar but there was hardly any cooked and prepared food available aside from BBQ. Price wise Field Fresh/Farm Fresh is cheaper VS T&T but their quality of meat/seafood also relatively lower.  

Double check expiry date is really important. For a newly opened supermarket, I did not expected some of the products to be expiring in Feb/March 2017?!"
"3.5 star

Maybe I was lucky? Maybe it was a Sunday?

I have quite a decent meal at Il Fornello and the service was terrific! 

Linguine di Mare ($19)
- too saucy and that made the pasta a little too soggy
- Seafood is plentiful and fresh: Mussels, Calamari, Shrimps and Scallops

Rigatoni Bolognese ($16)
- pasta cooked al dente with a good bit and texture
- meat sauce is rich and bold

Chocolate Souffle ($11)
- a little overpriced with the portion 
- More like a warm brownie with ice cream but really hit the spot! I am biased with warm chocolate everything

Service... Attentive and Cheerful... I love my waiter! He alone worth that extra 0.5 star!

Will try to come back on Tuesday for their $10 Pizza Special! Hopefully really soon!"
"I think the Vegetarian Force (you know who you are!!) was with me when I was trying to decide what to order...
 
I saw The Fun Guy Burger (6oz Portobello Mushroom Burger) - $5.99.. and I thought that sounded yummy... since I love Portobello Mushrooms and they do tasted good with burgers.....

I was waitng for my burger to be grilled... oh how I love the charred marks on my patties! I loaded up with the usual condiments and toppings: onion, relish, spicy mayo and hot pepper while I wait for my burger to be cooked on the grill.

My burger looked like a regular burger, I was going to ask where are my mushrooms!! I was eating it and I found that it was quite juicy.. not as dry as the usual ones I have.. hmmmm... when I finish eating my burger.. I was really puzzled... and I went back to read the menu.. it is a VEGGIE burger!! A burger that made with Portobello Mushroom......

So now my first review of a Veggie Kosher burger.. and it was really good.. and I enjoyed that! For the REAL beef Kosher buger.. I will leave that for my Yelp friend to comment on!

The decoration of Howie T's Burger Bar is really dated... giving me a sad depressing feel.... not because I ate a Veggie Burger by mistake that depressed me!"
"Lululemon in Vaughin Mills is my favourite Lulu location! 

I just love the huge marked down department. Everything is sorted out by sizes and in an orderly fashion... So no surpries when you see a top you like but in a size too small!! Don't you hate that! 

I have to say this location has the best and the most discounted clothings for men!! Yes, I ended up buying things for my boyfriend here! 

Maybe I should not come here too often.. because I might be buying too many lulu thing?!"
"Arvo Coffee is such a nice quiet coffee shop inside the Distillery District.

Love the spacious interior and the exposed brick wall. There are plenty of seating and and over flow area in the front entrance of the building too.

Cortado presented in one of those ceramic cup perfect as a hand warmer on this old winter days!

If you need a glass of water to go with your coffee, make sure you get one of the trays that designed to fit your glass and coffee mug at the counter! I love how they so detailed oriented!"
"Dinner at Inatei is as good as lunch!

Dinner Bento Box B ($29.99) consists of Grilled Black Cod, Sirloin, Tempura, California Roll and Sashimi is on the pricey side. But all nicely prepared and delicious!

I really enjoyed Uni/Maguro/Ikura Kaisen don ($18.99). Uni was just so fresh/buttery/tasty. Portion is small, so I really savour every bite...

UNI..............."
"I have been bringing my boots, dress shoes and sandals to C & C Shoe Repair to have the sole or heels replaced for years.

The staff/owner here are all friendly and the service is always fast and reliable.

I usually just drop off my shoes, walk around Market Village for 30 minute or so then they will be ready for pick up. Definitely save me a lot of time!

This is a great way to save money as you can get a longer wearable life from your shoes. And sometimes you just love your favourite pair of old shoes better than any of those new ones!

Cash Only!

C & C Shoe Repair also sells accessories and speciality shoes like non slip shoes for restaurant/kitchen and even ballroom dancing shoes!"
"The Abbot Pub is the first pub I been to that has so many young kids (under 10 or younger!). This place has more kids than any of the McDonald I been to on a Saturday Night!

Meeting my Yelp Drinking Buddy for a pre UYE/dinner drink, the Abbot Pub has this friendly and welcoming vibe. I seated myself at one of the high tables at the back of the pub facing the bar. Bartender was quick in acknowledge me and got me a menu right away!

Draft Beer selections is OK, but not too extensive and so are the bottles. 

Watching CP24 and waiting for my YDB to waltz in late as usual... but I felt right at home and comfy at The Abbot Pub. Maybe I forgot I am in a watering hole  instead of a family restaurant with all these young familes around me?

There was a wait for the table by the time we ready to leave!! I never seen Pub so busy at 6pm?!"
"A decent Winners in the Scarborough area.

Plenty of parking spaces as this location never get really busy.

One of the reasons I enjoy browsing here because though small but it is always well stocked! 

Great home deco and kitchen supply section and of course suit cases too!"
"An UYE organized by Yelp Toronto's Yoga Queen brought me to Imprint Yoga.. and I have not thanks the studio itself for participating in Passport to Prana, so I have ta chance to try out this studio. 

Imprint Yoga is a small and intimate studio.. I have been to studios where the waiting area is bigger than studio itself. 

Amenities are really basic. There are a changing room and no showers or washroom facilities.. but since Imprint Yoga only offers non heated yoga, so at least you won't be dripping wet or smelly after a class. 

The practice room itself is smallish..but since the class I was in only have 4 students.. of course we never felt crowded. There are also huge windows looking out to Spadina so the view was quite pleasant. 

The Hatha Flow class was A-OK... but I wish the instructor gave more physical adjustment and attention as with a class that size, there should be more interactions. 

The mats they provide free of charge are so awesome! They are the Manduka mats!! The best complimentary or even rental mats I encountered in the GTA studios I been to!! 

Imprint Yoga is relatively new since they only opened for a month or so.. they would need some time to get establish.. I might come back again to try another class or 2!"
"2.5 Star but since Mabu Generation is brand new, I will give them 3 Star Rating with some reservation.

Lunch Special $10.99 only available on Weekday. Seems like a good deal with Salad, Pickled Cabbage, Bubble Tea and Dessert. 

LS11 Hot & Sour Sweet Potato Noodle w/Vegetable & Minced Pork ($10.99)
- No Salad and Pickled Cabbage was served
- Their Tapioca was not ready, so they replaced with Lychee Jello (There is nothing on the menu about $0.50 surcharge)
- Noodle was tasty with just a little bit of kick. 
- Waitress not even sure about the dessert until I asked: Ended up getting something bitter covered with brown sugar (meh)

Salt & Pepper Chicken with Waffle ($9.99)
- Love the concept of a Taiwanese twist on Western Chicken & Waffle 
- Chicken was moist but lack any seasoning and typical Taiwanese fried chicken batter
- Needs more Syrup

Staff need more training. Food need more fine tuning,

Mabu Generation has a lot of potential. I love the concept of a Taiwanese Izakaya. Hopefully they will sort everything out soon,"
"Brand new Second Cup!!!

It is only opened last Wednesday and I could not even find a listing on their corporate site!

Spacious and Roomy and just love those armchairs right next to the 2 sided fireplace, kind of cozy and feel like home?

Limited outlets so make sure your laptops are charged up!

Super friendly staffs!

Now this Second Cup is the go place as my Yelp office or  if I want to chill out and meet up with friends!!"
"When it is cold and chilly outside, all I think about is having hot pot!

Hot Pot Angus Beef AYCE $17.99 a little pricey for a late night hot pot as there is no special pricing for after hour period.

Service was attentive and polite. The Angus Beef though a little leaner but of good quality. The other items were standard.

I like how now Made In China Hot Pot has more option than just having hot pots. I will be back for their lunch special and even for an early breakfast!"
"This Lululemon's location will always be special for me.

I participated in their annual Parkinson Yoga thorn every year for the last 3 years. Make sure you get those raffle tickets! The price is just so awesome: Blue Jays tickets, Lulu's top, cook books..... and all for a good cause!! 

I led my first ever Community Class in this location. My first class in a store with mix level with over 30 yogis! That's memorable!

The staffs always so kind and supportive and friendly.

This lululemon is more than just another yoga clothing store for me!!"
"Here you can catch all the buses that connect to North, West and East of GTA. Go Bus and other York Region Bus and Viva.

I like the display inside the waiting area which tell you exactly the next bus departure time and at which platform. 

Nice heated seating area to wait out before your bus arrives. It is such a blessing when it is - 20 C or when it is pouring rain.

Washrooms and Free Wifi also a plus."
"It took me a while to find Your Affinity Place as my GPS kept asking me to turn left and ended up I went around in circles a few times before I arrived to the front door of YAP.

Walking up the stairs and saw Roma M's 5 star Yelp review posted on the noticeboard made me smile. Unfortunately, my experience was a little different and it won't be a poster worthy review for the studio.

Blame it on the bad weather, everyone seemed a little bit disorientated on this Wednesday evening. The studio itself is interesting as it is not just a yoga studio as it is also used as an office for a marketing firm. The waiting/office area is huge compare to the practise studio itself. But it is quite sufficient at least the class I attended was not too busy.

The class itself which is a hot flow was so so. The sequencing was good but seems like the instructor was just practising with us without giving any adjustment. And I don't really enjoy listening to Ballade or Pop when I am practising, the music selection definitely a little awkward. What annoyed me the most was the student while waiting for the class to start instead of lying in shavasana were chatting so loud....

The teacher and the staff here seems to be nice and friendly enough. The change room is quite nicely appointed too.

Maybe the studio has to put up a sign just to remind students the etiquette inside the practise room? I just want some peace and quiet before and after my class."
"Amaya Express is located inside the new Express Eatery inside Markville Mall. 

Love how the staffs able to let your sample the food before ordering. This is definitely a really nice touch.

What I got for a $7.59 meal at Amaya Express though is decent in quality but lack in quantity! Seriously half a bowl of biryani rice with 1 scoop of Butter Chicken is not enough for a meal, unless when I am on a diet.

I think I got spoiled by all the Authentic Indian/Sri Lankan takeout places around the area (Babu is just up the street at 16th Avenue) where I can get double the food at the same price and taste more authentic.

Frequent buyer's card though is a really nice touch!!"
"I really got overwhelmed when I trying to decide what I want to order at Great Fountain Fast Food!

All these colourful food photos, all screaming my name, telling me to choose them..... But I have to tell them ""I am so sorry.. I am not that hungry.. I am not going to eat all these fried food...""

If you are looking for healthy options.. I doubt you can find that many at Great Fountain..but for people that are eating here, the goal is not to be healthy.. it is value, taste and fast service, and Great Fountain for sure deliver!!

Toasted with Condensed Milk with Tea ($2.20)
- all these condensed milk dripping out of my white toast... don't even start me on the sugar level.. I just eat worry about it later.. 
- Chinese dessert??

I will definitely will be coming back to try out other items...but what should I try next???? Too many choices here really stress me out!!"
"Panagio's Breakfast & Lunch is a new franchise restaurant currently have 2 locations in GTA.

One can get quite confused with all these breakfast/brunch places which all have similar setup and menu: Cora's, Sunset Grill, Egg Smart just to name a few.

This location used to be a Baker Dozen's and Panagio's did a good job in remodelling, the layout is really similar and I got confused for a split second thinking it is a self served place.

With the East facing windows, Panagio's is a great place for that early breakfast with the bright sunlight beaming through.

3 Eggs any Styles ($4.99) was served in a reasonably amount of time.... not everyone is that lucky to have a hour for breakfast. The potatoes though plenty were a little over seasoned.

Wait staffs were friendly and checked on me frequently to see if I need refill for my coffee (bottomless $1.99)."
"It had been 5 years since I last visited Bali Restaurant. And it is still a 3 star experience.

If you want value, lunch combo is the way to go. We shared:

Golden Curry Beef Brisket with Rice ($8.99) - A lot of curry
Char Grilled Lemongrass Pork Chop with Rice ($8.99) - Great Portion with 2 Chops
Aromatic Soy Chicken with Rice ($8.99) - Meh, Chicken has this funny texture and bland
Pad Thai ($8.50) - Meh
Pork Meat Balls with Rice Vermicelli in Broth ($8.50) - OK

Mango Salad - Meh
Spring Roll - Fresh and Crispy

My previous review still stands. If you here for authentic South East Asian food, you will be disappointed. Missing the intense flavour and the extensive use of herbs and spices. You find most of the clients here are Chinese and quite a lot of seniors during lunch hours.

But if you here for just some filling food then you will be OK."
"I cannot read Korean but I know what is an Excellent food photo!

When I saw that Korean Shave Iced Photo (Patbingsu), I know I want that! I point and I scream and said I want that!

Patbingsu ($4.99) is just so perfect for any hot summer day. Fresh fruit, Red bean, Condensed Sweet Milk, Rice Cake, Ice Cream and of course some Shaved Iced!

Soul Cafe is quiet and peaceful. Not as fancy as a dating spot but great to have some quiet time and enjoy a coffee and some sweet.

I will definitely be back for some more Patbingsu. Happy Face!"
"Hohomi is definitely really really tasty.

It might not serve the most authentic Vietnamese cuisine, I think it is more like a modern fusion, but if it is good, it is good.

Our waitress was not too happy when we ordered the Roasted Lemongrass Chicken  ($12.95) informing us that it would take 30 minute to prepare and maybe we should pick something else. I was glad that I insisted. It is one of the BEST roasted/grilled chicken I had in awhile. It was just so tender, juicy and with a really dedicated flavour. I know it was late 8:15 pm but we were the only table...

We also shared Hohomi Appetizer Platter ($16.95) which was alright but I think I going to skip that... The spring rolls was overcooked and the wrapping was hard. The other items though were all really freshly. Highly recommend their salad as it still have the crisp and light taste well balanced with the use of Thai Basil.

I could tell that all the dishes were prepared with care, and only fresh and high quality ingredients were used.

I will be back really soon... 

I want Durian Sticky Rice and of course try one of their soup noodle....

Hohomi is so HO HO Mi!

And I would wait patiently anything that is ho ho mi!

*Ho Ho Mi = Really Good Tasting in Cantonese!"
"This Winner is a small store that tried to stock up as much as possible, result in a thrifty store like shopping environment.

The store itself is really messy, like no one bothers to make sure anything is neat and organize the shelves in any particular order fashion.

If you have the patient, you might find deals hiding somewhere.. 

No cashiers even presented at the checkout area, I just want to pay for my socks and leave!!"
"Kim Po Vietnamese Restaurant has been around for over 10 years in Times Square up at Richmond Hill.

Recently they did a total renovation and they ripped out all those old decoration (faint European mosaic ceiling/french courtyard style decoration) and replaced with modern/chic/simple decoration. I do like the new look a lot better!!

I ordered the lunch special with House Special Pho (small), spring roll and a hot drink for $6.95.

The noodle arrive quickly served in this tall chic round bowel. (the bowel is so tall I felt like I am steaming my face.. and of course I smell like the broth after I finish eating :8 )

The noodle is the dried type but prepared properly without that funny taste in it. The broth is really clear and quite flavoured. Extra marks for the tendon, soft/melt in your mouth type! I usually hate eating tendon..and today I felt like having more!!!

Spring roll is the real vietnamese type! Nice fat spring rolls with the crunchy wrappings! The fish sauce is a little weak..too watered down though.

Lunch Specials all for $6.95 and seems to be really popular with the office people in the area!
The service is quick and friendly! 

They accepts Visa and MC for over $20 without 5% surcharges."
"Starbucks here are in direct competition with Tim Hortons across in the same plaza. The interior is smallish.. and narrow.. however during warmer weather, this Starbucks does have a lot of potential since they have a big patio area on the side of the building. 

On a Saturday evening, there were not too many students nor people on laptops, mostly families. This was the only Starbucks i been to that has so many families. with younger kids. 

There are only a small area with 3 arm chairs which were occupied from some older men.. talking about welfare and politics... not really my type of crowds! :)"
"I think I am always thirsty and love to get my intake of calories in liquid form? Her Father's Cider probably the only Cider bar in GTA. And I was impressed with their selections!

Love the $12 Flight Options of any 3 ciders on taps. 

West Avenue Gold 2015 6.9%
Shiny Pinot Noir 9%
KW Thai Ginger 6.7%

All so tasty and easy drinking and refreshing!

They were so good that I ended up drinking them so fast and the next thing I was like a little drunk?! 

Lovely vibe, Friendly staff and even have a west facing patio if you want a lot of sun.

Cannot comment on the food but awesome cider selections. Worth checking out if you love ciders!"
"Thanks all yelpers! Thanks for reading my 700th review!

If it is not for Yelp and fellow Yelpers, I would not have come to Noisette Pastry Works. 

Noisette Pastry Works is such a nice, cute and homey cafe located in one of this small strip mall... no one really notice it! At least I did not and I been driving by that intersections so so many time...

This place is really a dream come true for people with sweet teeth! Those sugar sprinkled cookies so nicely decorated are just way to pretty to be eaten but to be admired! 

Black Forest Cylinder Cake ($4.25) is A-OK.. because I love the chocolate wraps.... cherry... not really......

Macaroons($1.75) have 7 different flavours and priced so reasonably... they are yummy good.. (I am not sharing!)

They also serves homemade soup for lunch today special are Pumpkin Ginger Soup and Chicken Noodle Soup! There are panini, sauage rolls and others if you want to have a quick bite before having your desserts!

The reason that I gave this place a 5 stars is really the owner/servers/bakers/cooks that works that. They are the most lovely people I met... They are so proud of their cafe, their products and they find joy just  serving the customers and see their smile on their faces! 

So if you are in the area, drop by to have a coffee and some lunches, say hello to the ladies and you can even park yourself with your laptop using their free WIFI!"
"I been to Emperor Fine Chinese Cuisine a couple of time for their dim sum special, for $2.70 includes S/M/L sizes are quite reasonable, The quality is decent and the ingredients are fresh. Highly recommended if you can make a trip at their special time!

For dinner they also have a different special everyday! We ended up going on a Sunday which they have double lobster for $16.88 which is not even advertised on their website. We ended up ordering:

Peking Duck 2 Ways ($39.88)
- The skin so crispy and the freshly made crepes wrapping has this great chewy bite which I enjoy!
- The 2nd course has all the duck meat chopped up in small cubes and stir fried with carrots and celery has this great smokey taste. And the lettuce fresh and handpicked to have this round shape, great attention to details in the kitchen!

Double Lobster Special ($16.88)
- I secretly ate most of it, aside from the head .. yes it is that good!
- luckily the waiter came and change all our dishes mid meal if not my shell would be stacking sky high!

King Mushroom with Baby Snow pea Leaf ($18.88)
- Healthy option with just a touch of salt... great to balance out other dishes

Beef with Mushroom ($18.88)
- The dish I enjoy the least this evening, but my table mate seems to love the savoury taste and the chunk of meat! So still great choice!

Complimentary Dessert: Red Bean Soup with Sesame Pastry and Coconut pudding. And if you really don't enjoy Red Bean Soup (yes soup for dessert?!!), if you ask nicely you might get  Mango Pudding moulded into 2 fishes arranged into Classic Taoist taijitu of 'fish-like' shape 

Personally I like them both? Can I just have both?!

Services here can be hit and miss. Some staffs are really friendly, some staffs may try to force the more expensive ""specials"" on you and get annoyed if tell them no.... 

I would definitely be back for more dim sum and other daily dinner specials... and order what I enjoy and not what I being hard sell to.

Make sure to print out the 10% off dinner coupon on their website and in order to take advantages of discount and special, bring some cool hard cash!"
"I just want to lounge in the patio area...

One of the nicest patio in the area and it was heated toasty warm even on a beautiful early summer night! The cushions so comfy, I can stay out there for awhile. The only thing now is the landscaping that needed to be done as it is quite dusty now.

The bar area has 4 huge TV for game time. I enjoyed watching Game 7 of the NHL Western Conference on mute. But Milestones is not really a sport bar so I don't really mind.

Service was excellent as our bartender/server was super attentive!

I would definitely be back to have a night cap or a drink. They now has Mad Tom IPA on tap at $6.99 which is quite reasonably priced!"
"I didn't come to MTC Clearance Centre to shop for electronic products.... I am not sure how compatible the prices are...

Something wrong with my camera.. that I just bought from Canon 3 months ago.... After filling up the request form for service, MTC popped up as the place I need to send my camera in for services.... as they are the authorized repair depot for Sony, JVC and Canon.

I decided off my camera instead of mailing it in as I really want to talk to a real person. 

The staff that greeted me is really nice and helpful ... and he able to verify with Canon while I was waiting to make sure that the work is covered by warranty.

Now I anxiously wait for my camera to be courier back to me.... I want my camera!"
"I am feeling kind of Stupid at Stupid Burger.

There are just too many choices to choose from. The menu is printed in such a small font I can barely read from the counter.... and really I can choose between lamb, bison and beef patties?  At least with their Signature I don't need to pick from the numerous of topping!

I just randomly picked The Brazilian ($8.95) in honour of World Cup.  Fried Egg,  caramelized onion, bacon and pineapple chutney. The combination works amazingly well. The freshly grounded meat has a wonderful bite.

Aside from lamb and venison, there is also kangaroo! Maybe I will order one of those next time. And for the less adventurous there is also chicken, veggie and even lobster...

Staff is super friendly and helpful. My burger was delivered to my table when it was ready! 

Join the Stupid Club and Sign up for mobile phone message will get you a free pop during your first visit."
"Thanks for Indie Coffee Passport!! I really enjoy my visit to Cafe Novo.

Last time when I was here, it was so cold....... and I didn't realize how nice and big the patio is!!!! 

And not only how spacious the patio is, it is also 'Dog Friendly""!!! Great for pets and their owners... nothing beat spending some quality time with your flurry friends and sipping coffee and enjoy High Park area neighbourhood!!

Cappuncino though was weak, but the set up and the environment totally made up for that!! Maybe I will have some loose leaf tea instead next time!"
"Corktown Designs Jewellery Gallery is more than a jewellery store.. they do carries handbags and other accessories.

There are a great selections of necklaces, charms, rings and earrings all displayed nicely in the cabinets... The problem is if you go on a busy day like I did, you will not able to get any assistance at all from anyone!

Prices are on the expensive side as expected since it is in the Distillery District.. but there are some smaller accessories that you can get as little gifts or stocking stuffers for your loved one!

There are some strange pieces like a whole set of jewellery  that makes of zipper's pull tabs! I don't think I want that! :P and I don't care how much they cost!"
"""Pai Ku"" = Pork Chop

So of course I need to order their ""famous"" Taiwanese Pai Ku with noodle ($6.25) that includes a soup or a soy bean drink.

The Pork Chop itself is moist and tender. The batter reminds me of the 5 spice seasonings which is quite savory and it goes well with the preserved chili that serves with the meat, if you order spicy!

However, I don't really enjoy the noodles, a little to soggy and oily and lack of real flavour. Next time, I think I will go with rice instead.

Maybe I have to come back for their after 3 pm specials, Pig Intestine Please!"
"This used to be Goldfield Food Mart http://www.yelp.ca/biz/goldfield-foodmart-markham#hrid:qFUAgfmM4n37b9u_R1_vDw and now a new Chinese supermarket Grand Fortune Food Mart.

The set up is exactly the same as before, the only difference is all the shelves have been restocked with more items... and the fresh seafood department seems to be cleaner.

Since Grand Fortune is having a 10% off everything Grand Opening Specials, this place is packed!! Lines are long but seems to move quite fast since there are quite a few cashiers working.

I would not go out of the way to shop here since parking on weekends would always be a challenge!"
"I really don't believe I wolfed down the Banquet Burger in record speed.. good thing I am alone. ..sitting outside on the picnic table... hoping no one will see me.

The Banquet Burger ($4.55) has processed cheese and 2 crispy bacons. I don't eat bacons much.. (not because they don't taste good, but the fattening factor). The buns here are really toasted on the grill and give it a certain lightless and  texture to it. Though the patty is the frozen type it was charchoal grilled to perfection not dried out at all... hmmmm 3 stars

All the older gents that worked here are so super nice! So eager to please and joking with me + 1 star

I just love burger joints that run by independents that has so much character and old world charms instead of those faceless franchise one with teens working there!"
"This review is based on my brunch experience The Bluestone Bistro.

I am really impressed with the quality of the food at the Bluestone Bistro for Brunch. We ordered the Alaskan Crab Egg Benedict ($13.99) and Italian Omelettes ($8.99) to share. Both of them tasted really good! The Omelettes were nicely made and really fluffy! And the portion is big! We were both stuffed full with all the food.

I would recommended making a reservation if you have a big group. Since there were at least 3 groups of over 10 people having brunch there when I arrived. (I made my reservation at www.opentable.com the night before!)

When it is patio weather, there are some seatings outside too. However you will be looking at the parking lot!"
"To be fair with Golden Turtle, I am a little surprise how the Pho taste on par with a lot of the other Pho joint places I have visit. Especially in Mississauga where there are not too many Pho joint.

The interior is nice and clean, The tables are not crowded together so you never feel like you are all cramped in even when the place is packed.

The raw beef and tripe Pho large ($6.50) was indeed has a nice broth. The use of star anise and hours of slimmering with beef bones resulted in a flavoured complex taste.

The disappointment is in the noodle. I guess is my personal preference of fresh noodle.. dried noodle never makes the grade! - 1 star

The services is nice and friendly. A nice friendly owned place.

I don't mind coming again when I am in the area and need a Pho fix!!

They accepts Mastercard and Visa."
"When I went to Pink Hong BBQ House this afternoon for some fast BBQ takeout, I was in for a pleasure surprise. 

The people working here is so so friendly... and more than happy to fulfil my request of: 
- not too much rice 
- extra veggie 
- BBQ pork not too fat but not too skinny 
- BBQ duck leg fresh please (yes he chopped up the fresh duck just for me) 

BBQ pork here is so good, nice and tender and have a hint of honey... the duck's skin is crispy and the meat has a lot of flavours... 

Even the soup that comes with it has veggie inside! Melon and carrots and you can tell they really put the effort in making the soup, not as an afterthought as some places they just taste like a MSG infused brown coloured water! 

For $5.50 it is sizable and I got to share it with my friend and we were both happy! :P"
"Is this place Brand New?!

Grand Opening Sunday March 8, 2015! 

Old Faithful Shop's simple storefront made me stop and want to shop! 

Imports from the West Coast: Jacobsen, Stumptown, Blackbird from Portland my favorite city!  
 
A good supply of Coffee making equipment Chemex and Hario.

OFS is originally from Vancouver."
"I think I get confused too easily..

Kenny, United Brother and now Tasty Noddle

With the same deco... and just a change of name, even the menu looks similar....

Everything is really reasonable priced here. Great if you are dining alone because they have a great choice for All day special for around $6 that includes a drink!

For my late lunch/afternoon tea (2:30 pm -5:30 pm), I ordered the Seaweed and Squid Ball with Rice Noodle with milk tea ($4.99). The balls are nice and have a great bite and the order is sizable! The milk tea though is meh..tasted like the tea had been sitting around for quite awhile and is not hot!

I would definitely come back for some late night noodle fix as Tasty Noodle House is opened till 1 am on Friday and Saturday."
"So if you want to catch a Go Bus to almost everywhere in the GTA area or beyond from Union Station, this is the terminal to be.

The waiting area is great especially during winter as it is warm and sheltered from the cold and CP24 always on for up to date local news.

Either use your Presto pass or get the fare from the ticket counter.

Just want the screen and when your bus is here, it will show you which platforms to board.

Chairs are a little uncomfortable as they are metal."
"Lunch Special still decent.

Curry Laksa Soup Noodle with Chicken ($6.50) though lacked depth in the broth.

Maybe not 4 star material but still a decent 3 star for lunch special at south Asia Malaysian Cuisine."
"3.5 Star

The Lucky 20 is a nice neighbourhood cafe. Great as a meetup place for friends or just to chill over a cup of coffee.

The staff here is super friendly and nice. 

Pastéis de Nata ($1.55) and Americano ($2.00) 

Portugal Egg Custard Tart is fresh and with a nice flaky shell. The custard can be a little smoother but still pretty good. Americano was so so...

Worth checking out if you live in the hood and support local businesses!"
"I have to say Pho Linh's bánh cun (rice roll) is the best I have eaten for years!! Sorry, Dad... even yours were not as good!

Bánh cun is not easy to find up in Scarborough or Markham.. even if they have that on the menu, it would be something they offers only on the weekend.

I ordered a LARGE with minced pork and mushroom ($6.50).. and ate it all by myself... and have no regrets... and I want to come back for more!! I love how they were all rolled up in small bite size and I can just dipped them in the fish sauce and eat those in one bite!

The Spring rolls ($1.50) was A-OK too...stuffed with yam and came with a big leaf lettuce for me to wrap it in... 

Pho Linh is as authentic Vietnamese as one expected...and I need to be back for the bánh cun or even to try out their bánh bèo!!"
"I am here at Energia Athletics for a Intro Week... $20 for a week of unlimited classes: Yoga, Spin, Kettleball, Running...

The staffs here are really helpful and willing to answer all my questions.... and even show me where to go next.

Studio is a little small...but some can say it is intimate and cozy. 

Changeroom/washroom/shower all in one with 1 shower stall and one washroom. But I am really impressed with their supplies... Everything I can think I need... even bath towel! I think I going to take a quick shower after my next spinning class.

The instructor welcomed me and greeted me by name.. show me how to make adjustment on my bike...  The bikes though a little bit old but have quite comfortable seats. (I think my Yelp friend would appreciate that!)

The class itself it great... Great music selections and I like how the fan with wind blowing on me makes me feel like I am biking outdoor with the cool breeze....

Energia Athletics has other classes.. maybe I will try a Kettleball class? Hopefully I won't drop one of those on my toes!"
"I visited Bnc Cake House on a winter evening.. so Fro Yo was never on my mind! So I settled on one of their little baby Cheese cupcakes...

They were nice and fluffy..and really light Cheesy taste and not overwhelming!

The lady that worked here was nice and friendly.. and so really apologetic on the limited selections on this particular Saturday late afternoon!"
"Chingu has a really limited menu. There are not many choices even for BBQ aside from 2 types of meat.

I was a little disappointed. But since it just opened for 2 days, I hope they would improve of that.

Service was homey and friendly. 

Love the Kalbi and for $19, the portion is good. Gamtatang ($8.95 with grand opening special at $6.95) was meh. The pork was meaty but there was hardly have any soup and it did not served bubbly hot. Same with the Beef Rib Soup ($13.95) it was lukewarm and the meat was still really chewy.

I might come back but there are so many better Korean Restaurants, Chingu would not be my first choice."
"I felt really uncomfortable when I came to My Sushi for lunch... 

Everything here are sticky: floor, tables, menus... you know how it is... that it feel Yucky to touch anything. 

Lunch Specials available if you opt out for AYCE... from $7.95 

Sushi Special ($8.95) 
- When I found the Bento box not sparkling clean.. I just feel uncomfortable... here is one of the place I felt like that 
- I finished eating my sushi and maki roll.. but I just could not bring myself to eat the salad... 
- fish quality is meh... I found them not too fresh... 

I don't know if I would come back here for lunch anymore... 

The ambiance is quite Japanese, but with the waitress and the sushi chef talking to each other loudly in Chinese did ruin the moment...."
"Sud Forno is a brand new bakery that opens by Terroni. 

I have no idea that it is that new as it just opened around 2 weeks ago!

Walking by I saw all these artisan bread and pastries and I could not resist walking and get myself some treats!!

Biscotti and some cookies for 25 cents and some other pastries are priced individually. There is also pizza squares if you want to have a quick bite!

Staff is super nice and helpful. Since most of their baked goods does not have description and pricing on them, I have to ask quite a lot of question before I decided on what I want!

There are a few seating downstairs facing Queen Street and upstairs there is also a large communal table that can fit 10 people+!

Opens from 8 am - 11 pm, so great option to drop by for a coffee and a snack!!"
"I love food! I love to eat! I love different experiences!

Quince's semi annual Indonesian Rijsttafel ($55/person) that I experienced on September 28th, 2001 was such a treat!

What is Rijsttafel? I even have problem pronouncing it.  It is a Dutch word that literally translates to ""rice table"", is an elaborate meal adapted by the Dutch from the Indonesian feast called nasi padang.*

Rijsttafels strive to feature an array of not only flavors and colors and degrees of spiciness but also textures, an aspect that is not commonly discussed in Western food. Such textures may include crispy, chewy, slippery, soft, hard, velvety, gelatinous, and runny.*

I was intrigued when I saw the menu. My Yelp Friend even taken back and asked the waiter if we need to choose from the given menu. Our friendly waiter just asked us to relax, no decisions need to be made as every single item list on the menu would be served to us!! That's what I call a feast!!! A food adventure!

So much food... a steady parade of little dishes were served to us the whole evening. Some are good, Some are so so, Some are meh. But it was the concept, the experience, the atmosphere I enjoyed here at Quince that made this evening memorable.

I was so overdosed with food by the 2nd round of the rice table, ended up packing enough for lunch for 2 people the next day. And the food surprising tasted even better after I heated it up in the microwave!

Thanks Quince for putting together this special Indonesian Rijsttafel feast! It was such a real culinary adventure!

*Source from Wikipedia (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rijsttafel)"
"T & T Bakery and Cafe has be around forever, at least since I remember but I never been there! 

When Yelp Princess said let's meet here for a quick bite, and she had only 1 hour to fit me into her busy schedule...I said YAY!

T & T does have this small town charm where everyone knows everyone and customers are addressed by their first names.

Food is good and solid. Nothing fancy but homey food... 

One might feel a little out of place but the wait staffs here were all super nice..

I will definitely drop by for a quick bite... it beats going to fast food joint for breakfast/lunch any time!"
"I love this Pusateri's location! 

Never too busy and everything organized and clean. Dessert selections as good as it can gets! Great desserts from all the pastry stores around town! 

The sitting area is one the best I been to!! I wondering if it belongs to Pusateri's or Bayview Village? Comfortable seats with thick cushions!! The only complain maybe the staffs that maintaining the area... they came over the minute you ready to leave and just wiping and making sure everything were in place! They really like to take it easy....."
"Inatei Japanese Restaurant is a breath of fresh air in an area full of AYCE, cheap set meals Japanese restaurants.

The restaurant is nicely and tastefully decorated with dark colours, high ceilings, booth sittings and dimmed lighting. 

They offers lunch specials starting at $9.99 includes sushi set, noodle, sashimi and a lot of different choices. I decided on the Pork Bone Noodle Soup with unagi handroll lunch set ($9.99).

The miso soup was nice an hot. Not too salty and have tons of seaweed inside. Usually I don't  miso soup, but this one is one of the better one I have! The salad is shredded cabbage with a touch of seasame dressing. That is quite refreshing.

The pork bone soup based here are quite decent. There is a lot of flavours in it. The noodle those are little soggy... but bearable! The pork is good though! One of the best I have... thickly sliced with meat flavour! (I sounded confused but if you have ate those tasteless meat with some of the ramen, you will understand that!)

The unagi handroll is really good too! The sauce is nicely balanced and the fish inside is nice and fresh.... yummmm I wolfed it down so fast!

The complimentary dessert is Almond Pudding in a shooter glass. That is a nice touch. It is not too sweet and is refreshing... too bad it is a little small!

The service is excellent! The waitstaff are so polite and considerate! 

I definitely will be back for lunch and try out other items on the menu!!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac"
"2.5 star

I am never a fan of Buffet... but if my friends are interested, I am always game..since at least I know even the food sucks, I have fun sharing the experience with them!

The Host lunch buffet ($11.99) was a really disappointing experience. Since it was not too busy on a Wednesday afternoon, I found most of the food were lukewarm... and most of the the dishes were toned way down for the level of spiciness. 

At first my friend was worried about the spiciness of the food after his Mother India's and Hopper Hut spicy experience... but here, he can just chowed down plates and plates of food without even asking for water refills or breaking a sweat!

The services were indifferent and cold...without a smile... the waiters did do their job of filling up our water glasses and taking away our dirty plates. 

I don't think I will come to The Host again for their lunch buffet."
"Service here is always top notch... 

When I decide to split my Jennifer's Burger ($22) with a fellow yelper, I thought the Kitchen is going to cook the burger and give us an extra plate and we just split that in half ourselves... but instead we were served with our own mini burger and fries with no extra cost! +1 star!

The burger is cooked medium rare as I requested... charred outside but pink and juicy inside!

The 2 separate sides: onion rings and grilled Brussels sprouts are both really good... and I don't even like Brussels sprouts usually.

I also tried other items that my fellow dinner mates ordered: Crispy Duck Salad, Hamachi Ceviche, Rabbit Pappardelle, Pecan Butter Tart and Clementine Sorbet.

Services excellent as always and we all got our separate bills even my burger and side all split in half...no calculation needed at all!

Thanks Natalie T for organizing and Nota Bene for having us (complimentary Charcuterie platter!)... I definitely will be back again!!"
"I been back since for dinner and all you can eat in the afternoon.

I can tell you that the food here are always good doesn't matter when I come into eat!

Of course I have to say the best value is during Mon-Fri between 2pm to 6 pm for $13.95 per person.

That price includes 2 uni sushi, 1 baked oysters, 2 seafood robata, 3 salmon sashimi and the rest are all you can eat. over 15 different kind of roll and hand roll, grilled items, ramen etc.

One must try the steamed egg with seafood (shrimp and scallops) the egg is so soft and it just slide into your throat! 

The spinach salad with seasame paste dressing is quite unique too! 

The service is friendly and efficient! I really enjoyed the food they served here! 

I will definitely come back during the afternoon whenever I have a chance!

PS CASH only for special menu!"
"Another new season for the Toronto Blue Jays, I always cross my fingers and hope for an exciting season.

I don't expect them to win the World Series again soon... at least I enjoy the each game in the Roger Centre on a nice summer day with the roof opens even when we are not wining!

Love the different special events and themes for the Blue Jays games. How cool is it that you able to bring your dog to watch a game in support for Toronto Humane Society?!

Go Jays Go!!"
"I just love Bobbette & Belle French bakery and cafe. I had been here when the cafe was so busy with line up and I had been here when I was the only customer here.

I would avoid Sunday afternoon when it can be impossible to even get a seat/table. I ended up turn around and left because of how busy this place was. But my recent visit on a late afternoon was just a perfect experience!

The staff was friendly and even brought over my cappuccino to my table! And of course, I would highly recommend a treat or 2 to go with the drink. 

Drop by if you are in the area or make a date to meet up with your friend over a cup of latte in their well appointed seating area."
"Cornell Community Centre is definitely a welcome addition to the neighbourhood. 

With the increase of population in the new subdivisions, this is about time City of Markham adds more facilities for the residents in the area.

Full Fitness Centre (requires membership), Group Fitness Room (city sponsored fitness classes), Swimming Pool, Running track, Multi use gymnastic area that have drop in sport programs for all ages, children playground and group and even a special area for Older adults.

The only thing missing maybe is a skating rink, but there are Markham CC, Angus Glen CC if you want to go leisure skate.

The building is nicely design and just need some finishing touches. 

Ample parking at least for now, I have to wait till everything running then I will know."
"3.5 Star

Bent serves really interesting Fusion food. A good restaurant if you want to experience something different as the menu incorporate ingredients and techniques from around the world. 

I was here for a group tasting menu ($35) which is quite similar with Summerlicious menu but with a choice of cocktail (Gin Sour or Elder Goose)

App: Goat Cheese Taco
Main: Crispy ""Assam"" Salmon and Pulled Beef Ravioli
Dessert: 

I was glad that I known the people I was sharing my food with as they were all served tapas style and the 3 small dessert duo has to be shared between the 3 of us.

The Goat Cheese Taco was amazing good and I usually dislike goat cheese. Pulled Beef Ravioli was well flavoured and the Salmon was nice and refreshing. The dessert though really meh aside from the Mango Passion Sago pudding.

The noise level here is loud and table really packed close together. It is good for a group but not really ideal for a intimate date with that special someone.

I probably would be back as try out other items on the menu. They even have a Bent X sake brewed specially by Izumi. Interesting! :)"
"I still remember when Agincourt District Library used to located inside Agincourt Mall.... over 10 years ago.....

Of course this location is a lot newer, bigger and more modern than what it used to be. 

However even being bigger and have more rooms.. I still cannot find a spot to sit...ended up I just stood and read some books for 30 minute......

A lot of the book shelves are half empty, especially on the second floor. Maybe they can reorganize the space and put some armchairs for patrons to relax and read a little!"
"Now I know where all these retirees goes in the Kennedy and 14th area. They really all hang out at Hai Tang Bakery & Cafe.

I never been to a HK Style Cafe that is so buzzing with energy and full of older people.. They are all just having a good time..

And with a coffee/tea  and any Chinese buns for $1.50 I don't blame them.

The bun though I found them a little doughy and dry.. and bland. However, it is huge in size.. and it can really fill you up!

So until then, I guess I will stick with my croissants!"
"****CLOSED****

I been to this restaurant a few time.

They serves Northern and Shanghai food.

The service is hit and miss.. I been there twice during lunch when there was only 1 waitress working and the service is slow and unfriendly.

I found the food to be ok, but on the salty and oily side...
Their wonton chicken is pretty good price for $9.99. The other dim sums are just ok. 

There are a lot of other choices for Chinese food in the area.. I will probably not going to go back here to eat again."
"Food is Food... 

Vegetarian, Gluten Free, Dairy Free, Vegan... or what not... 

For me that eat ""almost"" everything.. I can probably go down to Big Fat Burrito or Mexican Salsa a few minute walk from Hot Beans and still have a good meal... 

But when I am dining with my Vegan, Vegetarian friends, Hot Beans would be a way way better options....at least I know they can eat everything from the menu.. and not limited to 1 or 2 items at other places... 

TVP Burrito ($8.50) 
- Big Huge burrito... staring at the burrito.. I was wishing someone will share with me and we all get fat together....(someone told me that it will go right through because it is vegan... sounded like fairy tales to me!) 
- There were a lot of ""Beef"" inside as filling.. they are a little salty.... but they have good texture and good bite.. 
- I tried to make it more spicy with more hot sauce at the counter, but it did not really work... 
- Wish there are more herb and spice to it, maybe I should have pay 50 cents extra for the guacamole? 

The only complaint I have for Hot Beans is really who measured and designed those seating??  The counter was way too low and the bar stools were way too high!! (I took a photo to prove that!!) I was crouching and bending my body in order to have a bite of my burrito while all the fillings are falling all over the place... 

I need to get those donuts next time! I will feed that to my Hot ""Yoga"" Date...or maybe try some of the tacos when I picking up those donuts..."
"This review is based on the day time dim sum experience.

Wu Tai is an excellent place to have a meal with my vegetarian friends. Just love that we can all eat everything and anything off the menu.

We tried quite a few dishes:

Sticky Rice Siu Mai ($3.20) - Meh

Mushroom Veggie Dumpling ($3.20) - A-OK

Rice Wrap in Lotus Leaf ($4.20) -A-OK

Steam Eggplant & Mushroom ($4.20) - Hate it! Just taste grassy and blend

Fungus Dumpling Hai Gaw ($4.20) - A-OK

Steamed Luffa Rice Roll ($3.20) - Excellent

Deep Fried Lotus Cake with Sticky Rice ($6.50) - Batter is way too heavy... Meh

Baked Almond Pudding ($3.20) - Freshly grounded almond and served right from the oven! I love that!

Layers Cake with Nuts ($4.20) - A-OK

I notice that most of the dishes are not oily at all. The taste is really delicate and clean. I also enjoy the fact that they not trying to make their dim sum to be the look alike of their non veggie version.

The deco is classy and the space is spacious! The restaurant was not busy at all when I visited and the vibe is really calm and zen. Servers are all really friendly and nice.

I will definitely be back if I am dining with my vegetarian friends. The price is on the pricier side, but Wu Tai definitely provides a great and refine vegetarian dining experience!"
"Mikado is changing it format again to All U can eat.  I am quite sad that it happen because as I am not a fan of AYCE, since it really affect the quality of the food. I prefer quality VS quantity.

For Lunch the all you can eat start from 11:30 - 3:30, $10.95 each with 10% off, dinner from 5:30 $18.95 with 10% off. Weekend charges of $2.

I found the lunch menu has too much rice in all the items, no shrimp tempura. The sushi salmon, snapper were premade by the sushi chefs and has them stored in plastic covered containers in front of the sushi counter. 

There are great selections of rolls and the robata skewers were prepared fresh.

I prefer the dinner menu since it still has 1 oyster for each person, steamed eggs, shrimp tempura, sashimi.

I would not mind going for dinner but I will skip the lunch.

."
"Our CM Vivek is just so Awesome!! 

By organizing a CMYE at Bigabaldi's Pizzeria on one of the hottest day this summer, he single handedly gave us a authentic Italian experience! 

Hot Hot Hot!! No AC? But in Southern Italian most of the restaurants has no AC anyway.... 

Dripping in sweat... Drip Drip Drip! Am I practising Hot Yoga or Hot Pizza Eating with all these Yelpers? 

Bigabaldi's Pizzas are really good... love the fresh ingredients and how they were served pipping hot from the oven. Are they the best pizza I ever have? Not really but they were tasty enough. 

Bigabaldi's Pizzeria is more like a takeout place, but that evening we just took over the place... and made it our venue for an UYE! The staffs were really accommodating and friendly. 

BTW, the best pizza that night surprising was the Roasted Vegetables, maybe I am turning into a vegetarian slowly... but when Rafi N (the beef eating manic) and Edwin A both came to the same conclusion, just makes me wonder!"
"Lunch Specials at Izba Restaurant!!

Schnitzel or Pierogies for $8.99!! Awesome!

While watching CP24 waiting for our food to arrive, I can hear the pounding of meat from the kitchen... bang bang bang! Now I know my schnitzel was prepared when ordered!

Schnitzel was deliciously good!! The battering is really light, crispy...and surprising not oily at all!! The pork is really tender........yummy! Pierogies are the non frozen type: chewy and soft at the same time....

While my Yelp Friend having his CP24 fix, I could not help to walk around and explore Izba. A great collections of European keepsakes all around in the display cabinet or the wall, lovely back patio and the sun room at the back.

The deco of Izba really reminds me of the little chalet I visited in Austria.... daydreaming.......the mountain, the sheep, the fresh air...."
"Toronto Coffee Company is a nice addition to the Bloordale neighbourhood.  

Great location, right at the subway station. Though no permanent  store sign upfront yet, but it is hard to miss, at least during the day!

The vibe is quite mellow here.... everyone seems to be either reading or on their laptops. Not too many electrical outlets though... so my stay was relatively short till I ran out of power....

I ended up drinking my Cappuccino with Coconut Milk ($3.50) like a dessert drink sprinkled with sweetener. 

I like Toronto Coffee Company better than the other coffee shops in the area, so I know I will be back when I am in Bloordale!

Free Wifi, just ask for the password... and I thought the barista was giving away his phone number :)"
"This Vietnamese restaurant is owned by Chinese at First Markham Place.

They has lunch special which is different everyday, usually a soup noodle comes with spring roll. The lunch menu is right at the front when you walk into the restaurant.

This place can get busy during lunch time since there is a lot of corporate office around the area. It does has booth seating and large round table seating to accommodate larger groups.

The service is fast and friendly.

However, you will be disappointed if you looking for authentic Vietnamese food. This restaurant is owned and run by Chinese inside a Chinese plaza.

The selections are great though with both vietnamese and Thai dishes.

They do takes Visa and Mastercard."
"This review is based on Duty Free at Terminal One International Departure Post Security of Terminal 1.

I have not been back since their renovation and I am now really impressed with their collection of merchandise during my recent visit.

If you are into whiskeys, wines, bourbon and scotch, you might be quite impressed with their selections. Not like I can afford a $14K bottle and I really wondering who is going buy that?!

Great to browse around. They even have wines from NOTL and of course Ice Wine!"
"What a cute store! What a great place to take photos!! Snap Snap Snap!!

Everything is so colourful here and interesting. So Japanese feeling as everything is so clean, so tidy, so polite and so expensive ....

I will be broke if I going to stuffed myself silly with Sushi here... but eating that as an appetitizers does make this a special treat! I really savoury the experience.. cross examine my medium toro, scallop and sea eel..(what a pretty colour, what a nice fresh smell) before I put that in my mouth and chew  it slowly memorizing the taste and sensation before swallowing it... 

The fresh fish they served here for sure makes me smile with joy and satisfaction making it a total experience.

Writing this review now gives me the urge to go over there and have some sushi NOW!!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"3.5 Star

Hand pulled noodle is MAGIC!

I love the sound of fresh noodle slapping and whipping, it makes my heart goes pitter-patter.

Magic Noodle is a brand new noodle place that open in Scarborough recently. The deco is chic and young, the price is reasonable... MAGIC!

We ordered the following to share:

Hand-Pulled Noodle with Beef ($7.99)
- Noodle perfectly done: great bite, cooked just right
- The soup base was surprisingly good with a slight delicate flavor of cumin
- This is what I consider as hand made ramen, the traditional way with no machinery

Beijing Style Sliced Noodles with Soy Bean Paste ($7.99)
- I always love hand shaved/sliced because of the more chewy and heavy texture, reminds me of pappardelle
- I found this noodle a lot more filling and would satisfy my carb craving!

Cold Flavoured Assorted Vegetables ($3.25)
- Cold veggie was A-OK to munch on while waiting for your noodles
- Cloud ear fungus, tomato, cabbage, cucumber and of course hot pepper!!

Goubuli Pork and Leek Bun ($0.99)

Service is kind of awkward though. No tea was offered and when I asked for some, I got served with hot water?! 

Right now Magic Noodle is opens till 11 pm but in the future as their business card states will be opens 24/7?!! Seriously, I can have Noodle anytime I want?!!

This must be MAGIC!!"
"Kiin, another restaurant started by Chef Nuit. 

But this is different from all the other restaurants that she started up. I love the Royal treatment with everything from the decor, the menu and the presentation. Different from other Thai restaurants and definitely a more refined experience.

Reservation is a MUST. And I love the fact that they takes reservation. The place is small and intimate. You might be seated really close to your neighbours.

Menu is constantly changing. I do like trying different dish and this make dining so much more fun.

Highly recommend Kiin for special occasion. 

I can't wait to be back to try out their brunch with a Thai twist!"
"Dynatang? It probably is Chinglish. 

The Chinese name of Dynatang Bakery is ""Tang Dynasty"" So comparing the 2 words it becomes Dyntang.

I can smell the aroma of the freshly baked goods when I drove into the parking lot on a Saturday morning! Come early and you get all those fresh from the oven Chinese buns and pastries.

Ham and Cheese Bun ($1.10) has this curious yellowish paste on top, which I think is mayo based. The Egg Tart ($1) is fresh from the oven with flaky shell. My Milk Tea ($1.10) is A-OK too.

A little pricier than the other bakeries in the area, but after 5 pm they have specials $4 for any 6 buns.

Parking here can be a pain during lunch hours and the laneways always blocked with cars or delivery truck."
"I walked by Raijin Ramen on a Sunny Sunday afternoon... With no line up and I was not full, I know I want a ramen!

The decoration here is nice and spacious. The staffs here are plentiful and friendly. I counted 10 wait staffs but I do wish they are more proactive as a lot of them were just standing around not too sure what to do!

The kitchen though was really slow. It took longer for them to cook my ramen than the time it took me to eat it?! That's long...... Hope when they worked out a system soon as it really don't need 5 cooks in a small space trying to cook some ramen? 

Noukou Tonkotsu Miso Ramen ($10) + Soft Boiled Egg ($1.50)
- The most expensive Ramen on the menu but has the least toppings..
- The milky broth was lukewarm when served and cooling down faster while I was eating it! Though it is rich and not overly salty!
- Noodle though has great texture and bite, the star of the ramen
- Pork shoulder a little dry and really thinly sliced
- Portion wise it is great! 

Hopefully Raijin Ramen will improve over time. Hotter broth for winter? or Maybe I should try the Chicken Broth?

Slurp!"
"I used my passport to prana to try out the Yoga Lounge.

I took one of the restorative yoga classes. They provided blankets, bolsters, blocks and straps, even yoga mats for free if you don't have one.  

The class is so relaxing,

I would definitely go back for another class!"
"Maybe I have a hgh expectation with Kimchi Korea, my experience with it was so so.

Maybe I arrived there late for a weekday, there was hardly anything left on the shelves and no sight of any mandu left. 

We ended up getting a Baek Kimchi (nappa cabbage fermented without the use of chili powder) and Baechu Kimchi. Crunchy, refreshing and subtle. Perfect for the hot weather. 

But personally I do enjoy kimchi that has more punch both in spiciness and saltiness as I use mine to make kimchi soup and stew too.

I still need to try other products Kimchi Korea offers, maybe even their home made dumplings!"
"Wismer Park is not just another neighbourhood park.

I know it has the usual soccer field, basketball court, kid's play area and tons of open green space...

2 free well maintained tennis courts are available for public play. Great for casual play without joining a tennis club.

A natural area full of wild insects and plants. The pathway is a little dark surrounded by tall trees with the sounds of all these insects and then this huge grasshopper just jumped out and scared me...... I guess they don't know I eat grasshoppers! :)

I will be back!"
"I always visit Mississauga Chinese Centre during the winter months so I never know how pretty the Soo Chow Garden looks as it covers in snow...

If you come to admire the architectural aspect of the structure of building here, you might be quite amazed.

- The Main Entrance Gateway that greets you are made of 17,000 cu of timber without any nails, solely based on joint nary, a good demonstration of Chinese building techniques

- Nine Dragon Wall a copy of the wall in the Forbidden City in Beijing, a symbol of the Emperor: provides blessing and also protection

-Covered Walkway: A copy of Beijing's Summer Palace 

- Soo Chow Garden: The Pavilion of Friendship is the gift of Jiangsu Provincial Government to Ontario Government as a sign of friendship

- Fortress of the Great Wall: A copy of one of the gateways ""First Pass Under Heaven""

Aside from that, the restaurants and the shops here are not worth your while.....

When will GTA has a real Chinese garden?"
"It is not the Bagel that What A Bagel has that impressed me. Surprising it is the Salad....

Salad?? What's up? Have I been hanging around my Hot Yoga Date too much and turning into a Vegetarian??

Great selections at the salad bar with a salad going for $10.49. Sounded a little pricey...but when I saw my salad busting out from the container... I know I can just not finish that on my own. Great for Sharing!!

The sweet and pastries selection is quite good too... love those mini danish for 3 for $1. Of course the toasted bagel with cream cheese... heavenly!

No wonder there is always a long line up during lunch hours!"
"I have no will power when it comes to pastry from The Danish Pastry House.

I am lucky I am not working downtown or pass by Union Station everyday. I can imagine myself eating at least one of their pastries everyday. They are just as good or even better than the pastry I had from Copenhagen.

I did get 3 last time I visited and they were just so good and I ate them with no regrets.

Flaky, buttery and light! I do prefer the less sweetened ones but they have so many different varieties to choose from.

Perfect treats to go with coffee. And they have their own Kontra Kofee from Denmark now in this location."
"2.75 Star? 

Was my Chili Ramen ($10.99) a really good ramen?? 

Not really... The soup has not much taste to it and usually how I complain about broth being salty, not happening here! 

The bbq pork though is really dry and does taste more like a ""Chinese"" BBQ pork more than the Japanese version.. but I guess this is an ""Asian Fusion"" restaurant? 

The shrimp tempura just looks a little sad... Chopstick look a like....

The noodle though cooked al dente with a good bite... If they would not improve the other aspect of the ramen itself, it will be quite decent!

The deco is nice, service is fast...

I might be back, but Dine on 3 does have other places I want to try!!"
"If you are used to the cheap $6 sushi lunch special in the Richmond Hill area, You will in shock when you see the lunch menu at Miyabi... minimum is $10. One of the full lunch set is $37.50! hmmmm

I was welcome warmly by nice Japanese lady when I entered the restaurant. The deco is traditional Japanese. 

For lunch I decided on the Tempura set that comes with salad and soup with California roll ($15.95). yes $15.95... expensive lunch.

The miso soup is a little salty for my taste however, it is loaded with seaweed. Then my tempura box arrived 15 minutes later. There are 2 big tiger shrimps and tons of veggies. I love my veggies tempura much better than the shrimps because they are all moist and juicy. However, the shrimps though big, I found the batter too thick and the shrimps a little dry.

The salad on the side does have a nice seasame dressing but the salad was not fresh and is drown in the dressing.

The California rolls are excellent! But just 3 pieces! I need more! I would trade my shrimp for 3 more pieces of Cali roll!

I will be back again to try out other items on their lunch menu. Maybe their noodles.. I saw a Japanese man order noodles for lunch and he looks like a frequent customer (BTW noodles are $10.95! for a relatively small bowel) Maybe I will order the sushi set instead.

Services is friendly but slow. Since there was only 1 waitress working during lunch time. So don't come if you are in a rush! I was the first to arrive and I still have to wait for my food!

They accepts all major credit cards even the Diner Card!"
"Love the location of Cafe Novo... a short and delightful walk from High Park Station... and what's better than having your coffee and looking over the peaceful High Park than a Sunday morning.. (Ok maybe you think you want to sleep in on Sundays) 

Love the set up and the deco of Cafe Novo... really homey feel...you will feel comfortable if you come 
- in a group (the communal table at the back) 
- with your girl friend (those cute wicker seats near the fireplace at the back) 
- with your laptop (little round table for 2 that you can put your laptop and wifi away) 
- alone and to chill (bar stools looking out to High Park and do some people watching!) 

The barista here are nice and friendly and smiley! 

Large Cappuccino (used my Indie Passport) $4.25 
- Large Mugs... oh may not be a proper mug.. but it is so nice to hold the mug in your hands and feel so warm on a snowy Sunday morning.. 
- Lovely Latte art... I such a friend for that! especially heart shaped ones... 
- Not only it is pretty and it tasted great too! 

Mochaccino $3.75 Regular 
- My friend really enjoyed her drink... so I guess it was quite good too! 

I just wondering the piano at the back it is just for decoration and they expect that people might play a tone or 2...... I did not even dare to disturb the peaceful atmosphere with my lousy piano playing!"
"Boehmer.... I am going to be back soon! 

Armed with a voucher for $50, I decide to drop by for dinner prior my yoga class and an Ossington Bar Crawl. Making the reservation was effortless since I am coming on a weekday. 

Stupid Queen Street car made me running late, but the restaurant is empty at 6 pm aside from the bar. Happy Hour! 50% off appetizers including oysters and drink specials from 5:30-7:00... I want to come back for that as my voucher cannot be use for special offers. 

Nice table near the front with opened floor to ceiling windows facing Ossington was great to enjoy what left of the Summer and people watching or the people watching me?? 

Sparkling water ($2) which I downed the whole bottle and more over the course of my meal is quite a good deal...... 

You sure that's Venison Tartare ($18)? Surprisingly tender and full of bite and flavours (lemony and spiced)... I now confirmed I would not be a vegetarian in the near future. 

Grilled Salmon ($28) as my main was nicely done. Seared to a little crispy outside but the inside was left medium rare.... Soft and moist and not fishy at all...I feel healthy eating that. One of the best Salmon I have in a restaurant... 

I was so full and just could not eat dessert anymore.... I want to come back for dessert.... 

Boehmer also has this whole lobster special for $16!!! I want to come back for Specials! 

Now I have all these reasons to be back to Boehmer.... To try one of their specials during happy hour, to have that lobster and desserts! And maybe I invite someone to share the dessert with me?

The Question is WHEN?!!!"
"The ""New"" Sika Deer Chinese Cuisine is a great improvement. A new Chinese name, A new menu, A new management and A complete makeover of the interior.

Grand Opening special $3.99 for Beef Noodle in Soup 招牌红燒牛肉面  which regularly goes for $8.25 was not bad. But I doubt I would pay the regular price for that.

Surprisingly 蒜泥温拌茄子($3.50) Blended Eggplant with Mashed Garlic was really good. The flavour was really delicate but order it only if you are a fan of garlic.

Price seems to be quite reasonable and I will be back to try out other dishes!"
"Mother India is a perfect restaurant if you are into sharing your food! 

Not just that their Veggie Roti has enough calories and fat for a your whole day worth of daily consumption or more.. but the size!!

I almost fell off my chair when I saw that Dosa they dumped on our table! Who is able to finish this gigantic carb monster in one seating?  Not only just the flour outside, the inside has this huge scoop of potato!! It is hard to say the taste of this Mint/Corriander is excellent because I ate this after I have the taste of butter chicken Roti. The favour of the butter chicken is so strong, it kind of overrider everything I ate after even with glasses of water!

I am glad that we only order 2 things to share between the 4 of us. Too much food in front of me really takes away my pleasure of appreciate the taste of food itself.

I have to say the price here are great!! The table are a little small for 4 people with these big plates! I was really squeezing my tablemate next to me all the way to the end of the table.. I am so sorry.. Maybe I got big from all these eating!

Mother India is a little out of the way for me, I don't mind coming if I am in the area but won't be coming here just to eat!"
"Tea Tea Tea!! You know how I love loose leaf Tea shop!

Herbal infusions Tea Co is one of those small cute tea shop, that I love to visit. More like a take out place since there are really only 2 seats and with such a small space it is really hard to chill.. :)

Tea selections are wonderful.. you should definitely go to their website and take a look of their selections before going into the store, so you won't be overwhelmed!!

Coconut Custard Rooibos tasted like a liquid dessert., without the calories. It has a rich and heavy body with a hint of coconut... I was sipping that while I was waiting for my yoga class at Yoga Tree Downtown!  SWEET!!"
"Happy BBQ serves up some decent bbq at a reasonable price. Food court like self serve atmosphere with food served in styrofoam bowl and plates.

But a bowl of rice noodle with any topping for $4?? And there is even some vegetables? Great as a snack!!! I highly suggest the BBQ Duck. 

Friendly service. And grand opening special 10% off

Cash only.

Parking could be a little tricky during prime dinner and dim sum time as it is located right next to Fancy."
"We have tried to visit Lil' Brew Hops multiple times and they always closed. They have different hours for winter and summer and whatever. So make sure to check their latest opening hours on Facebook or just call to confirm!

Drop by on a sunny early autumn afternoon and finally got to try this place out! It was the last week they opened for lunch. We arrived at the in between time with limited menu offerings. Ended up just ordering cocktails and some shucked oysters!

Darkhorse of Main Street ($13) darkhorse rye, madeira, campari, lime juice, ginger jalapeño simple syrup, pear bitters
Green with Envy ($13) pisco, simple syrup, kiwi purée, lime juice

Cocktails were delicious! Since there are not too many good cocktail bars in the area, worth coming if you want some well crafted drinks!

Oysters was tasty but at $3+ per oysters! I suggest come on Tuesdays for their Shuck-a-Buck with an order of cocktail!

Will be back to try out other cooked food Lil' Brew Hops offers. And of course, will be ordering some cocktails again!"
"This used to be Dynatang http://www.yelp.ca/biz/dynatang-bakery-scarborough#hrid:zMormgn7LfxbnWYg-J-J8g and now it is New Dynasty.

The set up is identical to Dynatang. The interior is clean and neat and tidy. Love the little area for customers to drink their beverages and pastries they purchase.

But sadly, their Egg Tart (75 cents) though is the worse one I ever ate. The shell is so dough and chewy.. the egg custard itself doesn't have much flavour. 

I should have pick up those mini pastries, 6 for $2.50 instead! They are just so cute!"
"What a disappointment! What a big mistake!!

Mikado really should not have switch their menu to AYCE! The quality of the food really went down so much that it is not worth my while to go back.

I was there on a Saturday evening and the restaurant is 2/3 full. We were seated promptly. However it took so long for our food to arrive. The kitchen is so slow, since there is only 1 guy working there! 

The steamed egg that was so good before now just a 1/2 full with no seafood and the egg all crumbled into pieces.. The dumplings are the worse I ever ate, they are so hard and dried. Sigh.........

The waitress tried so hard but nothing much she can improve their situation because when you have only 3 workers (1 sushi chef/1 Robata chef/1 Kitchen chef), the food took so long to arrive. The shrimp tempura still the best I ate in any AYCE took over 1 hour to arrive!

The oyster is still good but now it is a lot smaller size than before.

The spider roll and green dragon roll were well prepared, the crab and the eel inside tasted so fresh.

I feel really sad how Mikado being a restaurant with so much potential become one of those AYCE....."
"Milliken Restaurant is a good choice if you work in the area and you want to grab a quick coffee or lunch.

It does have a nice and friendly family vibe... My chicken souvlaki in pita bread ($6.95) is not bad but taste a little bland and oily...

The set up is self serve style like in a fast food joint, but at least you have real cutlery and real plates.

Personally, I think they should do something about all the dirty trays and dishes that piled up on the side in full view...

Don't go out of your way to come here but if you are around the area maybe come for their daily specials."
"I really enjoy the concept of Marble Slab Creamery. So you can pick what you like and mix them together. 

The cheery girl behind the counter is so nice and helpful. Ask me if I want to try some of the favours before I make my decisions... Gee I really hate to choose... it is so mind boggling to have to choose from so many favours and toppings.. and wondering what will happen.

Now I find out I am a boring person, ended up picking Double Dark Chocolate for ice cream and Oreo toppings. The ice cream is nice and creamy and not too sweet! 

One thing I did not enjoy much is the cone. It does not taste so fresh, in fact a little stale... I might just have it in a cup next time.

I really don't know how kids can pick what topping if you only let them pick one.. such a big decision for them to make! :)"
"Jeansfirst might be the best deal if you are looking for affordable suits!

$150? What can you get for $150?

At Jeansfirst, you can get 2 suits (jacket/pant) and a sport jacket for $150. Alternation can be pricey though.

And even at that price points, they still accepts credit cards!

Check often for special promotion at Jeansfirst if you looking for a bargain!"
"No one was able to give me a ride to or from the airport.. and car services or public transit are not convenient or feasible,  so I decide what the heck.. I would just drive myself and Park at the airport.

Though parking at GTAA parking seems to be the most convenient.. but price is always a factor.. at least in my case.

Park 'n Fly Economy Parking lot really came through,  I was able to park my car there for 1 week at $40 with the coupon I printed online. In fact it is cheaper than some of those no name Airport parkings.

The shuttle bus shown up promptly, my waits were around 10 minute, which I find really reasonable!

Now I wish I can go away more often for mini vacations!! Just drive myself whenever with my packed bag!

BTW, if you are an Aeroplan collector like me, you will be happy to know that by enrolling in free Park'n Fly reward program will get you 100 AP and at least 50 AP whenever you park!! YAY!"
"3.5 Star

The winner of the Taco War at 229 is the Res Asado (Grilled Flank Steak)!! The meat just cooked medium rare and so tender and with perfect seasoning and condiments! If I ever be back at 229, that will be the only item I would order and of course a can of Tall Boy local craft beer.

Pollo (Chicken Taco) though is a good price at $2 at Taco Tuesdays but definitely not something I would have order even at a discount this price. The chicken is like shredded chicken and on the dry side and chewy side.

229 is definitely a good water hole if you are in the neighbourhood craving for some snacks or a night cap. The deco is rustic and simple and I love the dim lighting! The atmosphere here is cozy and intimate."
"I was not too impressed with the Galleria Supermarket Thornhill location but after visiting their York Mills location I am a FAN!! 

This place is not easy to find especially on a snowy evening.. There are no signage at all on York Mills.. the only reason I turning into this No Exit road because my GPS was telling me that it is on the left... 

I almost park and went inside Dragon Pearl Buffet... but I was amazed to see this huge parking lot around the corner where Galleria front door is!! 

Galleria as a Korean supermarket does have good selections of Korean and Japanese groceries and dry good. When walking around, I do have a sense that I am not in Toronto but somewhere in Seoul... since a lot of the Korean products has only Korean wording on the package.. looking at the design and picture of the package did make it a fun shopping experience. 

Love the Fresh Seafood department: half shelled oysters, cherrystone clams, squids, Norway salted Mackerel and even a whole Salmon head! The package sashimi graded raw fish is all nicely packed! (much much better quality than what they have at T&T!) 

Love the Cafeteria part and cooked food area: Fish cakes, packaged banchens, sushi and self served lunch box (don't load up your lunch box since it is based on weight!) and of course the made to order food. I could not resist to check out what the pretty Cashier (yes she was there and she was really nice but not my type!) and the kick ass Spicy Seafood Soup (yes it is spicy, made my tummy nice and warm spicy!) and the Corn Silk drink is nice and refreshing to balanced out the spiciness! Damn I drank the soup too! 

The Made to Order Korean Fried Chicken I ordered was not bad. Since they are double fried so extra crispy. But definitely not worth the wait of 30 minute! 

If you still hungry, there are free sampling of food everywhere! Nothing beats having a free sample of a few walnut cakes (3 of those I ate) as dessert to finish off my Korean adventure!

Or will I been in trouble if I park myself on the numerous bench and use their free wifi for hours while eating my packaged Sashimi next time?"
"Puppy Chappy is a Korean owned dog grooming and pet supplies business near the Yonge/Finch area.

Half of the stores are devoted to grooming services. When you walk by, you can see the groomer in action... brushing and trimming their client's doggie friends.

Half of the stores care pet supplies: shampoo, food, snacks and seems like winter boots and sweaters are hot items for this cold and snowy season. The whole walls of over 50 different style and sizes to choice from... and those cute boots... dogs are into shoes too I guess!!

FYI: those boots are not just cute looking, they protects the dog paws from the harsh elements of winter: salt and icy pavements!"
"$5? For a Macaron!! That's my lunch there!

Ruelo Patisserie recently opens a second location just North of Yonge and Eglinton. I always a fan of Ruelo's macaron in the Richmond Hill's location and I am happy to see them expanding.

The Patisserie still smell like paint when I came by and they still putting in a lot of final touches before I would consider them ""in business"".

Black Truffle Macaron ($5) is made from real truffle shavings. I have to say I am bias as I always like macaron that has more complex flavour then just pure sweetness.... I would have to say I have a fan of the taste and concept. Since it is Ruelo grand opening, the owner was nice enough to offer this for me free to taste.

I also tried their Ruelo ($3) and Raspberry Lychee ($2.50) Macarons while sipping on an Americano ($2.50). They were all excellent...

This Ruelo Patisserie location will also has baked goods (bread) and of course pastries and cakes.

Welcome to the Neighbourhood! I wish them all the best and it will not be easy to compete with all these Patisserie in the area, this is NOT Richmond Hill!!"
"Y S Dumplings is a new Northern Chinese restaurant that specialized in dumplings just opened up on Midland just north of Finch.

What is Y S? That's the initial of the owner/cook... so she named the business after her name...

Here the menu is really simple, you have of course choices of pan fried dumplings and steamed dumplings... And for my vegetarian friend... there is a pumpkin version to choose from.

Bean Curd Brain? (Tofu pudding) $2.99
- a savoury, spicy and tart version and it sizable....
- a nice mixture of shallot, chili, cumin, soya sauce and some grounded peppercorn (maybe?)
- silky and smooth tofu.... 

Meat & Leek Pan Fried Dumpling $4.99
- crispy and chewy wrappings..when I eat dumplings I usually enjoy more the wrappings then the filling itself...
-filling is good..but the chives/leek taste is not as prominent as I usually like

Free Rice Congee to go with your dumplings, that's a nice gesture!

Waiter staff is really knowledgeable and eager help and give you suggestions....

10% grand opening discount, Go soon!!"
"Just remember that The Greek Point is just a Fast Food Joint...

Price is reasonable... they do have daily specials...and nothing really over $10

Chicken with Salad ($6.99) Saturday Specials
- My chicken on a skewer is soaked in some warm broth waiting for me to order... I wondering how long it has been waiting for me to show up....
- no bbq taste... or just not much taste? 
- Salad though made to order has mainly lettuce

Tables are dirty... the place is not even busy... why no one even wipe them down....

Greek Point is good for the students around the area if they want something cheap and quick during lunch break... but I don't think I will be back again...."
"I love that Aroma Espresso Bar opens up a location in Vaughan Mills. And I usually prefers Aroma espresso drinks over Starbucks instead especially withe the complimentary piece of chocolate.

The Single Shot Macchiato was OK and so is that chocolate. There is also extra seating right outside the shop if the inside get crowded.

Maybe just the lack of enthusiastic vibe of the staff just gave me a so so impression? Maybe they should be drinking more a shot or 2 before each shift might have help? 

Probably will be back as there are not too many option inside Vaughan Mills for a coffee break."
"2.5 star

Seems like the food quality is going downhill...

The steamed fish dumplings was one of the worse I had! So doughy with too much flour and taste bland too. Even the frozen one I get from supermarket tastes better than that!

The deep fried wonton though is decent, maybe I just like anything that is deep fried with sweet and sour sauce?! The wrapping though was quite crispy. I finished the whole order by myself...

Milk tea was meh.. 

The only good thing is the Free Wifi.. We ended up hang around here for 90 minute on X'mas Day when a lot of other business were closed for the holidays.

$3.99 for our afternoon tea set that comes with a drink, though reasonably priced!

Service is still friendly and efficient..."
"I have to be honest, I was a little disappointed with the 2 items we ordered at Mamie Clafoutis. 

Maybe I should have ordered a Clafoutis or Maybe I should come earlier during the day when all their baked good were fresh out of the oven.

Canelés De Bordeaux was good though, the rum really came through! Not too many caneles available in Toronto so I did enjoy that!

Pistachio Croissant though a little dry and a little stale. 

I do love the upstair seating area with different configuration of lounge, sectional sofa, small study table and a communal table.

The shop also not busy at all when we got there and got served right away without the need to get a ticket or wait in line!"
"I think deKefir really hoping people in the area will be eating their products for breakfast/lunch/snacks. They opens as early as 7 AM and this is really early for a frozen treat place. 

The staffs here are so friendly, we were offered a free sample right when we walked into the store. Yes it taste like healthy food... not too sweet and I don't think kids would like it. +0.5 star 

Dress it up with fresh fruits and their house made granola and you have an instant healthy snack! 

Their deKefir twist on waffles sounds interesting which they use deKefir as batter, which I will try next time when I come here!

deKefir for sure is another excuse for me to eat more desserts and that are good for me! As their website state that it has more bacteria than yogurt and is great for my stomach! :P WIN WIN situation....+ 0.5 star"
"I was lucky, I ordered my food before the line started building up at Agave Y Aguacate. 

It was such an enjoyable experience, watching my food being prepared with such care and interact with the chef... 

He really took his time cooking everything from scratch... even the Tostadas was freshly deep fried when ordered!! 

Tinga Tostadas ($5.50) 
- perfect size as a snack! 
- Nice mixture of chicken, re fried beans, fresh tomato and wish there is more avocado! 

Lime Charolette 
- I have no intention to have this dessert!! I would never know what I am missing... until the stranger standing next to me suddenly tell me I have to try it!? He then walked away and came back with another fork and shared half of his dessert with me! (Might be I have that ""Can I have a taste of your food"" look as usual in my eyes??) 
- This is a rich rich version of ""Key Lime Pie""! Soaked with fresh lime juice and draping with olive oil... yet soft and melt in your mouth richness!! 

Definitely come and try out some Tostadas next time when you in the Kensington Market area.."
"3.5 stars

I was lured to Carmelina Restaurant not by all these 4 stars Yelp reviews, but the promise of Prix Fixe on their website... Prix Fixe is just an excuse for me to have extra food instead of just a main, since I just could not resist a bargain?

How come NO prix fixe menu? The waiter that's only for group! But it is on their website!! and 2 of us is a group..?? Ended up can only order from the a la carte....

Linguine Frutti Di Mare ($18)
- I have to say this is the best Seafood Linguine I had in that price range. The scallops are huge, size of a toonie and the shrimps are tiger shrimps too.

Veal Lemone ($20)
- Veal is tender and the white wine lemon sauce is zesty!

I know I will be back to Carmelina again... as I know someone wants to have that Seafood Linguine again for sure!"
"I Deal Coffee is the only place I regretted that I told the barista I want to stay in with my cappuccino... 

It is the most unique and ugly cups I ever drink from... worse than my Blue Jay's souvenir keepsake cups from when they won the World Series! 

Sofas and armchairs here are all mismatch...and some of them are like all been chewed up by my dog... and I wondering if they have any bed bugs... 

Maybe it is charming for some, like having a drink in a retro place... but just not my cup of ""coffee""! 

BTW, the cappuccino here is quite A-OK! The barista is nice and cheerfully accept my Indie Coffee Passport... 

Free WIFI is nice but I really rather go across the street to Crafted!"
"This review is for the Domestic Lounge at T1 on your right after you cleared Security Checkpoint.

The entrance is so small, and I missed it and ended up going downstairs trying to look for it. 

The lounge itself is the smallest out of all the Plaza Premium Lounge in YYZ. The food area is small but the staff works non stop to make sure everything is stocked and the area clean. Compares to AC Maple Leaf Lounge, the hot food selection is way better but I just found the seating here is too tight.

Free admission with certain AMEX membership card or Priority Pass. Or you can pay per entry."
"Woodstone Eatery is one of the ""fancier"" Hong Kong Style Restaurant that have been opening up in the Markham/Richmond Hill area.

Usually HK Style Cafe usually means value and big portion, if you expect that here, you will be disappointed. 

I have to say the ingredients is fresher and better grades. Portion size is way smaller. I usually cannot finish a set meal and have some leftover to take home but here I could. 

I tried a few of their baked rice dish which were A-OK (just because those are the few one tne menu that comes with a drink). I do highly recommend their chicken wing basket.

Menu is small but I think it is better that they work on quality of their dish vs quantities.

Might come back for a visit but it is not going to be my go to place."
"3.5 star

I have mixed feeling towards Good Catch Boil House. I love what they are bring to Markham. 

- The first and still the only Craft Beer Bar with 18 draft lines offerings OCB in Markham
- Raw Seafood Bar sourced by Patrick McMurray offering fresh oysters and shellfish
- Best Sport Bar with so many TVs that no matter where you seated, you will able to watch the game! 
- Chicken Wings! So good, probably the best in Markham!

Good Catch just have so much potential! Locating in Downtown Markham and I can even imagine how busy it will get in the future: the place to be. In fact, they are busy even now for weekends!

Menu still needs some work. I hope you like deep fried food which can be super oily. The Soft Shell Crab was one of the worse thing I have as it was drenched in oil and looked just so brown. I don't really like the heavy batter they use their oyster/fish/soft shell crab. Just a shame to cover up the freshness of seafood with over breaded and seasoned batter.

Lobster rolls are good. I won't say they are the best I ever have but at least compares to what they offers in Markham.

I am glad they working on lunch menu which offers more diversity and at least with some non deep fried options. I tried their Salmon Poke which was quite decent.

Service can be a hit or a miss depends on your servers and the time of the day during your visit. 

I definitely recommend coming here to catch a game or as a pre/after movie drink and snack. And hopefully you love drinking beers!"
"Location Location Location

Walking distance to most downtown attractions. Right next to Dundas Station, Toronto Coach Station and Within walking distance to Union Station. 

Room though dated but was well appointed and clean. 

We were even able to checked in early around 11:30 am with our room ready! 

Thanks for making my staycation so much fun! 

Love the fruit infused water available at the lobby during the day. It was so refreshing after hours of walking in the hot summer sun!"
"It took me a long long time until I finally have a taste of Wanda's Pie In The Sky!!

I always too full by the time I ate my way through Kensington/China Town/Baldwin...or I always missed their business hours... 

Finally Finally......

I was assured that their Apple Crumble ($5.25) has no raisins inside. The crust was buttery, full of sliced apple and just a touch of cinnamon. The right balance of sweetness.... hmmmm..........

I am ready to come back to try their pumpkin pie.... the true taste of fall..."
"Disclaimer: I am not a cheese person. 

Even if you are not really into Cheese, you would have fun shopping at Grande Cheese Company. 

I have never been to any of their locations as I only like really simple cheese.. nothing too cheesy. But I am glad that I finally visit one of their locations.

Of course there are great selections of all kind of cheese. Imports or house made.There is also a in house bakery, a cold cut counter, selection of cured meat (proscoitto) and all sort of Italian grocery.

Fun place to browse around if you are into food or cooking."
"I would never have go into Pancho's Bakery if my friend did not take me to a food crawl around Kensington Market, (I got a little confused where I am at as usual :P)

I think he really wants me to get sugar high, I just could not resist to have the freshly made churros covered in sugar and yes have to have more sugarly filling.

The Freshly deep fried Churros is just crunchy outside with the sugar and soft and warm and nice inside..... I asked for not too much caramel filling inside, since I am not into really sweet treats.. but my friend that was sharing me with was a little disappointed.

Now coming to El Gordo for one of their Churros will be a ritual for me whenever I am in the area!

Garcias, Senor Food Crawl Buddy!"
"Sometimes I feel sorry for independent neighbourhood stores like Marlborough's Stationery.

I was looking for a  small notebook and I was shocked to see that one of them cost $15 and going on sale for $9?!! 60% off but still pricey when compare to other places!

The stocks and the selections here are quite limited too. But I guess it is good if you live in the neighbourhood and just ran out of things and you can get it from here.

Needless to say, I did not buy anything..."
"$4.44 for Martini at Four from 4:00 pm to Closing deserves a FOUR star... or even a 5, but I gave it a 4 because it is a 4??

Great selections of Martini to choose from... I might have to come back and try them all! Or maybe I can try them all in one visit at this price?

Lychee Martini ($4.44) was quite nicely crafted... 

The bartender was really friendly and invite me to come back for the specials again.... 

The only complains maybe the Tapas menu, I wish they have individual portions, so I can just order a few to try.... Maybe I need to come back with some one else? 

CP24 is everywhere no matter where I sit! Can they just leave me alone while I enjoy my drink?"
"A facelift! A makeover!

New  shelves, New layout... and Tons of Tons of Comfy Armchairs! (Maybe they read my review?)

Those huge windows makes some of the sitting area feels like a Sun room!

Staffs are so friendly and ask if I need any help.. as apparently they relocated some of the collections to different area of the library..

There are so many different quiet spots with cozy seating! I can stay here for a few hours and just chill!"
"a! Xiang's menu is really simple, serving a twist of Crossing the Bridge Noodle 過橋米線 but with a choice of different soup base. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossing_the_bridge_noodles

Soup is served pipping boiling hot and you just put the ingredients which are all cooked or semi cooked in and wait for everything to warm up.

The Famous Hot and Spicy Noodle Soup ($7.98) was quite spicy but delicious. I really enjoyed that but the toppings and noodles portion was pathetically tiny. I opted to order an extra portion of noodle ($1) as not to be hungry.

There are also some cold and hot side dish you can order too.

a! Xiang not a bad option if you have craving for noodle soup especially when the weather is cold. But if you are a big eater like me, then you might have to order extra portion or 2 of noodle."
"I love visiting J-Town! 

Hey I love anything that is Japanese and here is as Authentic Japanese one can get!

I can spend a whole day eating here and I will be so happy

Cafe Green Tea 
- Best and reasonably priced Udon I have till now
Izakaya Ju
- Maybe not as good as Guu... but hey I don't have to line up for 2 hours in order to eat here and they have lunch specials!
Bakery Nakamura
- Japanese infused Western pastries. Best suit for Asian taste with less sugarless and taste is more subtle
Niwatei
- Ramen Ramen! 
Shiso Tree Cafe
- Enjoy a cup of tea and chit chat with your friends!

Shopping
- Japanese beauty products
- grocery
- meat
- raw fish!
- DVD and Japanese comic/magazines
- boutique

Unfortunately nothing open on Mondays my day off.. so I guess I cannot really spend a whole day here!"
"The Ultimate Starbucks!

I am just so happy and excited that Toronto finally gets our own Starbucks Reserve! 

This place is so spacious and with different seating options! And here you can get ""coffee"" that you cannot get from your Neighbourhood Starbucks. 

Best place to use your Rewards! That Nitro Cold Brew Float ($9) so rich and smooth! Drink like a milkshake. I now know what's my summer dessert drinks will be!

Staff here so friendly and outgoing. They must love working here!"
"$5 a pint for any draft on Tuesdays?! Sweet!

Eastbound Brewing has this nice casual vibe. Fun to drop by for a drink alone or with a friend or 2. The selection of beer brewed in house was limited during our visit but there are also a few crafted beer from other local breweries.

We were at the bar while the staff was labelling and stocking their fridge with beers right off the line. Those 32 oz crowlers is one of the biggest can of beers I seen for $9.

Service was attentive and we were checking on numerous of times.

Highly recommended. Drop by next time when you are in the neighbourhood!"
"Born Jook was never on our Mega Food Crawl list on this Sunny Wednesday... But it was such a pleasant surprise! I think  Born Jook  is like a little hidden gem waiting for people to discover.

For one thing, I am a sucker for home cooking (when no one really cooks at home, you ended up have the cravings for that homey feeling!) The decision between Black Seasame or Honey Squash Jook was easy since I don't want to have black things stuck in my teeth for the rest of the day. 

Born Jook's version of Honey Squash Jook is a little different from the one I have at Seoul or any Chinese version of Jook. You cannot even realize that it is a rice porridge since everything was blended together to form like a creamy smoothie soup. The nuts and garnishes not only give you extra fibre but adding to the whole experience.

After the nice mother making us the Jook, the grandmother who was frying the pancake next to us just stuck one in front of us and signal EAT it! And pour hot sauce all over it.... How can I say no?? Thanks grandma!"
"If you think you will find authentic Indonesian cuisine at Bali Restaurant, you will be so disappointed!! 

Bali Restaurant is really a Chinese owned ""Asian Fusion"" Southeast Asian restaurant. One would find Thai, Singaporean, Malaysian and Vietnamese dishes which adapted to the Chinese customers. 

Lunch Specials $5.99 for a soup based noodle includes a drink., other curry dishes and noodles are from $6.99 but includes a Soup and a drink. 

According to the friendly waitress, the dinner portion though $2 more expensive and does not includes soup or drink, are bigger in size. 

I was welcomed warmly as I am their first customer for the night! She suggested Indonesian Fried Rice ($9.99).. that's was kind of ironic as I was sent by a Yelp friend thinking they served Indonesian food. 

The fried rice though nicely spiced but was a little tad oily for my taste.. the chicken skewer was the best..tender, juicy and smokey.. Beef was dry but luckily the peanut dipping sauce was awesome. 

Free dessert with mixed beans and sago in coconut soup was decently good.. have a good Southern Asian feel!

I might drop by for lunch specials which serves until 3 pm and they are going to start serving Afternoon Tea specials... Now Bali Restaurant giving me a Hong Kong Style Cafe Vibe!"
"Telus Special Restaurant #1

I am glad I can take advantage of the Telus April Specials that offers at Woodlot, where one can order a main and get free appetizer and dessert.

Woodlot does utilized the space really well.. downstairs with the open kitchen has this buzzing and energetic vibes, while it is cozy up in the loft! And with the dim lighting, even your date looks so much more sexier... 

Grilled Scallops ($14) 
- it was really fresh and have this nice olive oil vinaigrette sauce to round it off... 

Grilled Haddock served on couscous($21) 
- The fish was pan fried to be crispy outside and the fish was fresh and flaky.. but I think I will try another dish next time..it is good but did not WOW me!

French Onion Soup Veggie Style ($8) 
- it is really flavoured.. surprising since it is not made with beef broth... and a taste of sweetness... (you sure it is vegetarian??) 

Soma Chocolate pudding ($8) 
- love those crunchy toppings... with rich tasting chocolate and a touch of orange puree.. 
- scrap scrap the jar, lick lick the spoon, smile smile that smile (oh I think I am embarrassing myself in public!!) 

Apple Tatin ($8) 
- I usually loves apples.. but this not doing anything for me!! 
- the apple has this funny texture.. soggy..tasted bitter... and it does not even go well with the gelato... 

Great value because of the Telus specials...The food were all nicely prepared, with complex flavour... I would come if Woodlot have special offers again... 

I have to say, Woodlot is great to dine with vegetarians...that separate menu is just awesome.. made life easy for everyone!"
"Federick, you really disappointed me!! 

When your kitchen's cooking is worse than mine, I really have an issue!!

The Corn with Crab soup is so starchy that basically my spoon can just stuck there upright! The Crab though not fake crab are the previously frozen/canned varieties and is so fishy! I definitely can make my soup from the canned corn from the supermarket and makes it so much better! The whole table even have a hard time even finishing their small bowl.

The Chilli Chicken has no chilli, no spicy, no fire... It is not even wok hot! The reason I am eating out in an restaurant because I want the dish to be fresh and serve hot directly from the wok.... It taste like something I get from T&T hot food department...

The Fish Pakora hardly have any favour... but at least it is the best out of the 3...

The indifference waiterstaffs with no smile I can get over since this is normal for Chinese restaurant.. but medicore food.. I really cannot stand!

I hope my experience is just an off night from the kitchen.. it is so sad when this happen... Will I be back?  Sorry, maybe not!"
"3.5 star

Akki Bistro always looks empty! I have been passing by numerous of time and what more awkward then going into an empty restaurant alone??! That's the reason I never been here till now........

Akki Bistro still empty at 7pm on a Saturday... But tonight I am not alone.. and with three ""deep fried/meat lovers who has a sweet teeth"" guys.. I am brave enough to go into this empty restaurant.

Chicken Yakitori ($5) for 4 skewers
Chicken Karaage ($7.95) deep fried chicken
Okonomiyaki
Mocha Wave ($4.95) similar to affogato but with a heavy dose of chocolate syrup
Banana Tempura with Ice Cream ($6.95) which satisfied our deep fried lovers and sweet lovers the same time! We ended up ordering 2!!

The food were all A-OK. 

Waitress is really nice and friendly and gave us good recommendation of food to order.

Now, will I go eat at Akki Bistro by myself next time??  Absolutely! And yes, they have LUNCH SPECIALS!"
"I have to admit I am being bias...

Soleil Vitality is a meeting point of 2 of my favourite thing: Yoga and Starbucks... :)

A yoga studio located right on top on a Starbucks?!! I can refuel my body, my mind and even my caffeine intake and use the WIFI all in one stop!

Soleil Vitality is a really cozy studio.. small with just one big practice room but that's really all you need? 

Using my Passport to Prana, I attended a ""private"" 90 minute Restorative class on a Sunday afternoon... It is one of the best restorative class I ever had: All the props I need, All the adjustment (means hands on massages) that I enjoy... Heavenly experience!! My instructor ables to tailor the poses to my personal needs with great vocal and visual and physical guidance....

90 minutes of pure body bliss..... Sigh....

I wish I can do that more often... makes that every day!!"
"Should I be getting off at Lawrence Station and walk north? or York Mills to walk south? Coming to this stretch of Yonge Street always post a challenge but Scratch Kitchen for brunch/lunch totally worth it!

We arrived around Sunday 2:30 to an almost empty restaurant. Great to avoid the weekend brunch rush.

What should I eat? Most of the breakfast item is reasonably priced from $7 and with everything made from ""Scratch"" and locally sourced, they sure means good value!

We shared:

Fat Daddy Pancake ($9) skillet-baked pancake with poached pears and real maple syrup

Sausage and Eggs ($9) Berkshire Pork Sausage with 2 free range eggs, home fries and homemade bread

Pancake was so fluffy, buttery and light but a little crispy outside. Highly recommended! 

Friday night they have prix menu which changes every week in what's on the menu and how much. Waitress advised us to call Wednesday if we want more details.

Scratch Kitchen has a lot of potential and I definitely would be back for some craft beer!"
"2.5 star for Viet Delicious Delicacy which is located on the second floor of Pacific Mall.

Price? Excellent! All Day Specials from $6.99 that includes a drink (fruity slush/hot drink/cold drink)

Special Pho Small with Mango Slush ($6.99) is great portion as a light dinner. The noodle though taste quite well but the broth is just too one dimensional lacking the complex taste of herbs.

Mango slush just a cold sugary drink!? I don't really taste any fresh mango. I can't imagine paying $3.49 for the drink.

Viet Delicious Delicacy has a really plastic feel, from that heavy sticky plastic sheet cover to the plastic cover of the menu... A dirty and a little sticky everywhere."
"Asuka Fusion Sushi is a cute little Japanese restaurant located in Old Unionville. 

White picketed fence, a patio with mismatched furniture, small and family owned... I really want to like Asuka.. But...

Lunch Special Weekday till 3 pm from $9.95

This is the first time ever I ate a Chirashi ($13.95) that has shari rice served microwaved warm.... The fish got a little warm because of that too... 

I feel sorry for this nice waitress/sushi chef/cook.. she is the only one here.. but that way how she prepared my lunch makes me not wanting to come back again."
"I would have give Chinese Traditional Bun a 3 star.

The floor is sticky..but is ok, I am not eating from it..

The deco is plain and non existent, but is ok, I am not eating that

The food is decently good made fresh.. and I have fun with a group of my fellow yelper..

The dumplings are all made to order, served fresh and steamy hot!!

But why 1 star?? 

Not only the ready made buns were lying around exposed and that lady that making the dumplings in the storefront didn't even bother washing her hands after she finishing using the bathroom...

If I didn't witness.. I would say ok... anything can happen when I am not looking..but.....

GROSS!!"
"1.5 Star

HJH, I am not sure what they serving?

Northern Comfort Food? 

Some kind of Braised Chicken 焖雞？

The interior exactly the way it was as its previous restaurant Yummy Vietnamese.

I ordered the Chicken with Noodle ($7.49) and ended up getting Basa Fish Filet with Noodle ($7.49) 焖龍利柳面. Maybe I really needed to practice my Mandarin more.....

But I still don't know why there are piece of chicken with the fish.. Ok I was confused... everything has this similar strange colour..
 
So how was my noodle? Interesting sweet, salty, sour and with a hint of spiciness. Not bad but everything here is just too homey for me including the service and vibe... and doesn't feels like my own home.....

FYI: A small cup of Soya Bean Drink for $1.50 makes Starbucks Coffee a bargain...."
"Keg Party!!! 

Toronto House Lager brewed by Amber Brewery is surprising good at this price point! I was lucky to have a taste at one of the Toronto Yelp Elite event. Light and refreshing and easy to drinking! 

$155 for a 58L Keg includes delivery to GTA and Toronto area. 

Maybe I can just have a party and invite all my friends over next time? I wonder how many people need to finish a keg? 

PS Amber Brewery does have a website where you can place your order online and pay using your credit card through Pay Pal, how convenient that is?"
"Nichiban Sushi Takeout Platter did go downhill lately.

The fish selection is repetitive and you get the same selection for both sashimi and sushi in the same platter. The sashimi was usually cut without care and some pieces were still stuck together and some looked like odds and ends.

Without the 10% cash pick up discount it is no longer as good as before with the decline in quality.

Maybe eating in now is a better option?"
"I have been eating a lot of Filipino takeout and home cook food, when half of my coworkers are from the Philippines. 

Eating at Max's Restaurant today is my first experience of eating in a real sit down Filipino restaurant. 

The main dining area was half empty when I walked in on a Friday afternoon for lunch... no way I would be waiting for one hour to eat here!! There are a lot of different Filipino dishes on the menu..but I am here for the Chicken!! That Fried Chicken... which doesn't use any batter when deep frying but is juicy and crispy... 

I am glad that they do have Meal Combo!! Since most of the menu items are big and supposed to be shared.... the last thing I want to do is to eat a half fried chicken by myself!! 

Meal Combo starting from $6.49.. I settled for: 

Budget Meal ($7.49) 
- quarter chicken with garlic rice and 4 lumpia shanghai rolls (spring rolls?) 
- Chicken Leg is deep fried to golden crispy... and it is pretty light, not too greasy... there is not much seasonings but came with a dipping sauce... 
- Garlic rice.. is quite fragrant... with bits of deep fried garlic inside 
- yummy yummy spring rolls... small little pop it in the mouth size and they are so fresh!! 

Halo Halo ($5.99) 
- My favourite Filipino dessert!! 
- great photo op!! So colourful... and I ate the whole thing all by myself! 
- Just wish that ube ice cream can be a little bigger... or should be at least 2 scoops!! 

My waitress I have was really nice! Big smile and sincere... The waiter are a little bit stuck up.. luckily, they were not serving my table! 

If you really want to try out other items on the menu, it is best to come as a group.. since most of the dishes are over $10 are meant for sharing!"
"Royale Fine Dining opens a week ago at the old Starwalk location after a complete renovation. 

Early Bird dim sum special daily from 9~11 with s/m/l  for $2.80 and  the thrifty side of me know I need to come back to try out more items in their dim sum menu!     

We ordered a few items to try and they were all well executed:  

鲜拆蟹肉赛螃餃 (L) Steamed Fresh Crab Meat Dumpling
芥膽香菜牛肉球 (S) Steamed Beef Balls w/Mustard Green
潮汕田園粉粿仔(M) Steamed Dumpling Filled with Minced Pork & Peanut Chiu Chow Style
普陀三菇友缘腸 (M) Assorted Mushrooms Wrapped in Steamed Rice Noodle
香粟玉米南瓜粥 (L) Pumpkin Congee w/Chestnut and Sweet Corn
And Of Course
果皇飄香榴槤酥(L) Baked Durian Puff Pastry

I will be back soon. Anyone for Early Bird dim sum?"
"Top Saigon Restaurant is on the 2nd floor inside Time Square.

They have lunch special from $5.95 that includes cold lime drink or tea/coffee. The specials are different every day, I have include that in my picture so you can pick which day have the food that you like.

Make sure to arrive before 11:45 AM.. yes this place was packed by the 12 PM!! They only have 2 waitresses so the service can be slow when is busy.

I really enjoy the food here, and I can't wait to come back and try other specials!

They just renovated the restaurant so everything is nice and clean.

BTW, they offer Free WiFi access too!!

They accepts Mastercard and Visa."
"Using one of those Dealfind voucher can be a challenge.... you got to do everything right if not basically they said NO ... can't do.... 

When booking a reservation make sure you it is 24 hours in advance, tell them you are using your voucher, give them the voucher number and make sure you give the voucher to the waiter before you order. If not, you maybe scolded..... 

Bellini's Ristorante is in Yorkville, so I do expect everything at a higher price point. The cocktail list for sure reflected that $16 for any of those on the list... We ordered the Bellini and Mojito which were not well balanced and definitely not worth their price tag. 

Appetizers: 
Vine Ripened Tomato & Buffalo Mozzarella ($12) 
Crab and Avocado Tower ($13) 

Pasta: 
Spaghetti Bolognese ($17) 
Truffle Risotto ($17) 

Dessert 
Molten Chocolate Cake ($10) 

How's the food? Not bad.... but I didn't WOW me for sure. The Molten Chocolate Cake was not warm... not even lukewarm.... 

Services was excellent though! Attentive and professional. Our wet trench coats were coat checked by our hostess which was a nice touch. 

Decor is classy and kind of romantic with the dim lighting. 

I don't think I will be back if I don't have another voucher. But for sure I am going to skip the cocktails......"
"TIME OUT!

I smelled like pork, I felt porky and I don't think I would be eating pork for awhile...

When I stepped inside Jang Won, I didn't know I am here for AYCE Korean BBQ. But when I saw every single table were having BBQ.......

You have a choice of 

Sam Gyup Sal (Pork Belly) - $14.99

Bulgogki - $14.99

Mok Sam Gyup Sal (Pork Butt) - $14.99

So Sam Gyup Sal (Beef Belly) - $17.99

We ended up having Pork Belly and Pork Butt. The cut is definitely quite fatty as I was kind of full and in a pork coma after the first round.

The AYCE is quite a good deal as it includes all the banchan, a soup and barley with rice.

Service here is excellent!! When I pressed that bell, some one really came to my table right away!! We were even asked if we want more meat without asking or waving anyone down! The owner even came over and asked us how our meal and walked us to the door!

Tip: if you have 4 people having AYCE, you would get a free bottle of Soju

Tip: There are other Korean food aside from BBQ, I think I going to have those instead

Tip: Lunch Special till 4 pm

Tip: Don't wear your good clothes, the ventilation here is not sufficient.. My phone still smells like pork after I wiped it down...

I can now have a dream full of pork.. oink oink"
"I am eating one of the goodies I picked up from Petal Dust Bake Shop and writing this review. So bare with me, I might be a little hyper, but in a good way.

Petal Dust Bake Shop is a new bake shop that opened in the Bathurst and Rutherford area. 

The deco is simple and welcoming. You will see the actual baking area where all these goodies is created through the glass window. 

You can check the website for the different offerings but a lot of items are seasonal or on rotation.

It was just hard to pick one treat from here! Cupcakes? Bars? Cookies? Brownies? Mini Tea Loafs? Coffee Cakes? What should I do? Everything looks deliciously good and pretty..... 

Ended up I left the store with some baked goods nicely boxed ready for gifting:
- Ultimate Ginger Cookie ($1)
- Butter Tart Bar (with no raisins of course) ($3.75)
- New York Style Coffee Cake ($3.75)
And No way I am giving them away !

The ginger cookie was moist and have a nice kick of ginger and not over sweet. I am saving my coffee cake for breakfast tomorrow and going to have the butter tart bar as my night cap!

There is a ""Treat Your Friend Tuesdays Offers: Buy One Get One Free"", check their website for detail. And of course, you can do what I would have done, buy one and get to eat both without treating your friend!"
"My experience with Table 17 were excellent.

I do like the French Countryside deco giving the interior a homey and farmhouse vibe.

We were greeted warmly at the door and the service was really attentive for the whole evening.

We shared:

Lamb Polenta ($14)
Duck Confit ($26)
Vanilla poached rhubarb ($8)

Everything was well prepared with great care. I even enjoyed my Lamb Polenta and I am not a lamb or polenta lover!

The restaurant did get busy even on a weekday evening. I guess a lot of people were taking advantage of their prix menu $35 during Sunday and Monday with BYOW.

Will definitely return when I am in the neighbourhood.

PS: Thanks Amy L for the invitation"
"I cannot comment on the food as I just have a beer here at Montana.

Limited draft beers selections with the usual Coors Light, Canadian, Rickard's and Creemore. 

I hang out at the bar for awhile waiting for my ride to pick me up and the service was ok. 

Too bad there is no complimentary Wifi access. Just sport stations showing random programs....

Yawn...."
"3.5 Star for Lunch Specials Everyday from 11 am to 2pm!

Nothing But Noodles is a new franchise based in Scottsdale, AZ, with locations opening up in Ontario.

There is a good selections of Noodles and Pasta... and there are also soups and salads! Everything are prepared when ordered with fresh ingredients at a decent price.

Prices are reasonable from around $7 with most of them under $10 for pasta/noodle. Choices of Italian, American and Asian style, definitely something for everyone.

For lunch the Choose 2 meal Combinations at $7.25 cannot be beat!! A choice of Half Salad (I am forced to eat my green) and either a Half Noodle Bowl or Soups.

Pear & Balsamic Spinach Salad can be a meal of its own!! Loaded with Blue Cheese crumbs and tons and tons of walnuts!! Southwest Chipotle Linguine has a slight kick of spiciness with fresh pasta cooked al dente, and even has a bread stick on the side...

Nothing But Noodles has a self serve concept, you placed and paid for your order and the food will be delivered to your table.

Now I find another good place for lunch ...!!

BTW, stay away on Monday night if you don't have kids... because it is Kids Eat Free Night and that includes all the sugary soft drinks and cotton candies!!... Need I say more?"
"Three of us ended up in Les Trois Petits Bouchons for our 3 days trip to Montreal.

Definitely recommend you to make a reservations as the restaurant is small, cozy and intimate.. it was even quite busy on a Monday night.

Meat lovers heaven and you definitely have a taste of food sourced locally. 

Our waiter was really helpful, cheerful and eagerly explained what they offered for the night.

We ended up sharing Bouchonnailles ($20) as our appetizer, which has assorted of cured meat and sausages (I think I need to start taking notes of the things I am eating!) perfect portion for the 3 of us...

For main we all have a taste with wine pairing suggestion from our waiter:

Pintade Tortellini ($28) 
- Guinea Fowl in creamy sauce was just a tad to heavy for me... 

Tartare de Veau ($21.50)
- Veal tartar was fresh and have a great texture... 

Confit ($18) for my non adventurous friend that always want buffalo wings
- A little too try but taste wise was rich and comforting...

For Dessert we shared

Chocolate Chaud ($7)
- Dark Spicy Chocolate Rum ""Soup""... kind of like a hot chocolate ...
- perfect for a cold winter night... I can have the whole thing all for myself....  (stop rolling your eyes!!)

Thanks everyone at LTPB for their hospitality.... wonderful food,  service and companion!"
"I don't venture into Manulife Centre much.... I might go to Bay Bloor Radio... I might go to Indigo... but on this rainy day I ventured inside and I found

People were walking their small dogs around Manulife Centre, apparently dogs on leash are welcome.

Please don't let my dog knows about Manulife Centre, if not I might not able to leave him at home. Or maybe he can run away and find a new family that would take him shopping in Yorkville!"
"I have to say ""OH MY GOD!"" when I walked into The Little Dollhouse Company...... 

This is a dream shop for all those that are obsessed with miniature and dollhouse. I know... I am not the obsessed one, but my sister who is really into dollhouse and I know how excited if she can browse and get ideas of how to decorate her own ""little"" dream house. 

Their online website is really nicely done with all the items they carries and pricing... 

And for me, just admiring and dreaming one day I will have a real house just like one of those doll houses...."
"I know Town Crier Pub is a good place when my group of Yelp bar crawlers refused to move on to the next location...

A huge selection of German and Belgian beers on drafts at a reasonable price and when my friends kept asking can they have one more drinks.....and one more.... I think I should just let them drink whole night here!

Small and cozy makes Town Crier Pub not a good option for a large group. But luckily we patiently waited out at the bar area till we took over the whole bar and have the bartender all for ourselves!

Patrons here are friendly and all in good mood, but who won't be after a beer or 2?

I definitely will be back for more drinks... 

Patio area outside looks nice! Can't wait till Patio Season!"
"I've been to the strip plaza where Niemeyer Imports located numerous of time.. So when my Yelp Friend said meet there it is where Kim Tao Hot Pot , Bali Restaurant located.. I know exactly where it is!

Warm welcome from the storeowner when I walked in.... Niemeyer does set up like a little charming coffee shop with quite a few tables. My Yelp Friend had made himself at home, reading newspapers and drinking coffee...

Great selections of Dutch imports... of course my eyes and heart always set on the sweets...

Stroopwafel* (syrup waffles) went well with the drip coffee, what a leisure way to chill out and enjoy the moment.. or the sweetness!

Have to come back for lunch later since Niemeyer Imports has LUNCH SPECIALS! And I also have a coupon for a free drink if I get a lunch specials....

*http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stroopwafel"
"If you try to impress, don't bring that special someone to Ocean Castle Seafood Restaurant. But if you want to let your date knows how thrifty you are, this is the place to come for dim sum.

$1.98 for all sizes and on top you get 10% off!! 

Dim sum selections are quite standard but all the ones that we tried were decent. 

Good place for a cheap dim sum fix and they are serving dim sum from 8:30 am to 4 pm!

There are other specials offers including a whole lobster for $9?!"
"Iryewon Asian Fusion Restaurant is really a Korean Chinese restaurant. 

This place is really busy as I arriving to a half full restaurant on a weekday for a late lunch and more and more people kept coming in even after I leave. Most of the patrons here are Koreans.

The menu consist of Northern Chinese dishes but with a Korean twist. There are English description on the menu.. but not on the Today's Special page which are all in Korean.. trying to figure out what is today special can be a challenge when one don't even know which is the Korean character for the day of the week.

Banchan is a little different than the usual Korean restaurant because aside from kimchi, there is this raw onion which I suppose to dip it in black bean sauce and eat that.. to give me the onion breath!

I decided on the Jjamppong ($7.99 special at $6.99) which is a spicy noodle soup with seafood  flavoured with onions and chili oil. The broth is not too spicy though it looks really orange. The noodles are really good.. chewy and a little transparent looking I wish there are some more. There are tons of squid (they are quite tender), a big shrimp (not good, mashy texture), smalle shrimps and little mussels(the frozen type)

There are a lot of privacy since there are high partitions set up between the tables and there are quite a few private rooms for groups.

The service here is quick and friendly.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Thanks for the Historic Brewery Tour ($4.50) at Black Creek Pioneer Village, I got a sample of how beer tasted like back in 1860 in Ontario, the good one times when beer was used as a medication (where is my presciptions!!) and even as pay for the workers!

No electricity, No refrigeration, No machinery... Everything are done by hand with no chemical or preservatives! This is different than the commercial version that they sell in LCBO. We ended up tasting 3 samples -

Rifleman's Ration - brewed especially for the season is unfiltered brown ale, caramel and earthy taste
Stout - really flat, taste just like medicine.. but apparently rich in iron
IPA - really interesting taste as it is brewed with a citrus hop, quite difference than the usual IPA

Tour itself is really interesting! Not only about the historic brewing method but a great lesson of Ontario's beer history. The costumed guide was quite entertaining and I love how all the participants were involved. We were all assigned as one of the historical characters: Brewers, Politicians, Tavern Owners, Temperance Advocates*

At the end of the tour, you also able to purchase a 2 L growler with beers that are brewed on site ($12+$4 deposit).

The only downside is in order to visit the brewery, $15 admission to the Pioneer Village has to be paid on top of the tour itself! If not I won't mind coming to the Brewery Pub to have a drink of their special brews!! And if you drive, $7 extra for parking!

Cheers to ""The Queen & Country!""

* I am Jesse Ketchum,  My friend is Timothy Eaton which ironically were against the consumptions of beers!!!"
"Kitchen closed so early on a Saturday?! We were at The Wren around 10:30 ish and was advised that we can only drink our beers but unable to order any food.

The saving grace though was a good selection of local craft beers for $5 a pint! 

Service was excellent but sadly I could not drink more on my empty stomach... My Drinking Buddy though down 3 pints of Side Launch Wheat in 30 minute. 

Will definitely be back for more beers when I am in the area, especially during special event they hosts and of course to try out their food!"
"Great location! Right across from Old City Hall which provide a great view while sipping my coffee.

Free Wifi but no outlets! Limited seatings!

Great as a meet up place but never get too busy because your laptops would run out of power!"
"A visit to Douce France is like a trip to a pastry shop/cafe in Paris without the attitude.

Here everything is import from France fresh every week. To name a few:

Compagnie Coloniale  the oldest French tea brand established in 1848 -  http://www.compagnie-coloniale.com/en/index.html

Voisin Chocolate -  http://www.chocolat-voisin.com/chocolats/  (Gluten Free)

Madeleines - Made by Mireille Faucher from Bearn http://www.coeurdebearn.com/deguster-restaurants-et-produits/produits-du-terroir-et-accueil-a/Biscuiterie-Mireille-Faucher

Gingerbread from The House of Mulot & Petitjean in Dijon http://www.mulotpetitjean.fr/flashsite_en/

And of course Angelina's hot chocolate ($8.90) http://www.angelina-paris.fr/en/ without the line up and crowd!

We ended up sharing a pot of hot tea with blend from Compagnie Coloniale - Boudoir® (Assam, Darjeeling and Ceylon with a note of bergamot) while enjoying our order of Madeleines and Caneles de Bordeaux. (Even the Caneles is the real deal!)

The owner here is just so sweet and accommodating! 

I will be back for my Angelina's hot chocolate, soon! Until my next trip to Paris!"
"Maybe, just maybe I went to Fresh A Fare on a bad day?! Or was it my bad day?

It was Happy Schnitzel Day ($9.74), of course I want to give it a try. Schnitzel Sandwich topped with grilled Veggie and Mushroom Sauce was really really salty. My Signature Cheeseburger Soup though quite interesting but was super salty too! I ended up could not even finished half of my lunch, I just could not do it!

The staff though were super friendly and even offer everyone in the restaurant a taste of their carrot cake, which I enjoyed! Maybe I should just have that carrot cake for lunch?!

I might come back for some of their baked goods and sweet.. and even try their house made Gelato. 

Maybe, just maybe Fresh A Fare can just take it easy on their use of salt during food preparation. It is healthier that way. Just have some table salt on the side if one prefers to have more sodium in their food...."
"Snack Time is quite a good local bubble tea and snack joint for kids in the Cathedral Town Neighborhood. On a hot summer day, you would see younger teens drop by to get a drink, a snack and even ice cream bars from Snack Time.

Selection here is quite limited. We tried the Curry Fish Balls and 5 Spices Tofu for $2 each. I would suggest have the spicy options for curry fish balls. The 5 spice tofu was meh.

Kumquat Fruit Tea ($4) large was refreshing and I think the younger kids would love the sweetness.

This is great that Snack Time is here to serve the local community."
"Aberdeen Delicatessen? Delicatessen is a term meaning ""delicacies"" or ""fine foods"".

Here at Aberdeen ""Deli"" one might find some ""Healthy"" and delicious Chinese dessert. Why am I drinking soup as dessert?

Fresh Chestnut Soup ($4.00)
- Chestnuts, unlike other nuts and seeds, are relatively low in calories; contain less fat but are rich in minerals, vitamins and phyto-nutrient, also a good source of dietary fibre
- I always love chestnuts so I am bias. The ""soup"" is so smooth just like a mousse/pudding

Black Glutinous and Coconut Soup ($4.00)
- Black Rice contains great levels of the antioxidant anthocyanin and rich in iron and fibre
- The rice still have good bite but I found the ""soup"" just too watery 

Portion is huge here. But who should be complaining if you are eating healthy food. The dessert definitely not too sweet.. so you might be disappointed if you have a sweet teeth.. but sweet is NOT good for you?!

Aberdeen has a really casual and family vibe. Tables and Chairs are just put together mix and match. Some cheesy decoration might remind you of Hong Kong itself. We were here while the ""family"" having dinner and then some kids running wild....

Aberdeen menu for dessert is huge: traditional and fusion or something that the owner experimenting that you might not find at other restaurant. We were offered to tried her own Project X experimental Sago Mango Layered Pudding Cake (Mango Supreme Cake)?

Daily Special on the wall if you want to have some home made soup and rice plate. 

Aberdeen Delicatessen is kind of a fun casual place. Come with an Open mind and might be delighted!

Cash Only!"
"Dropped by LiV Yoga Studio on a Snowy Sunday evening for LiV gentle class. The studio was so dark.. I almost think that it was not open because of Super Bowl :) 

I did not realize that I have to be so quiet even when I am at the doorway taking off my boots. It was so dark, I cannot even read any signs posed on the door.. 

Whispering Whispering, feel like I am in a conspiracy.. or I am dealing with something illegal.. Hey I just want to take a yoga class! :P 

Personally, I do think they really need to do something with the space.. just using a curtain to block off the practise room does not really work... I can't imagine how they can keep the heat just inside the practise area.. 

The practise room itself is quite nice.. high ceilings, dim lighting.. and yes that disco ball! Unfortunately, the disco ball was not used in my class. The Yin class with reduced heat by candle light was A-OK... Wish the instructor will give more adjustment. .there weren't any!

They do offer more hip yoga classes like with Live DJ or Hip Hop music! This is good if you want something more nontraditional! :) 

Passport of Prana is welcome here. 

Parking are free if you come on Sunday the whole day or Weekends after 6 pm.. either park on King or closer to the Liberty Market Place."
"When my GPS asked me to turn into this medical office like building.. I was a little confused.....

I know I need medical help... This building has Listen Up Canada! and Alpha Laboratories but I was here for a coffee?!

Ended up L'arte Del Caffe is located inside this building main floor. 

I was greeted with a big smile by my barista whiled I decided what I want to drink. $3.49 for a Super Cappuccino with awesome latte art please.

I was not disappointed! The foamed milk was silky and velvety and the espresso was not too fruity, just the way I like it!

There are also other espresso drinks! I will be back!"
"Dropped by Go For Tea on a rainny Saturday. 

I found the inside dark and depressing. The chairs no comfortable if you not lucky to get to sit on the cushioned sofa seats.

Services was not too friendly or attentive. We have to wave the wait staffs down a few time before they will take our orders.

The bubble tea is ok. I have better. My friend mistakenly order the extra large with tapicoa. ($5.49) Yes it is huge with a lot of tapicoa. But not something I really enjoy.

The Mango cake is delicious though! Not to sweet and really light. More like a mousse cake.

I may not be back again unless my friends want to meet up here for a drink.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Chocolate, Chocolate and More Chocolate.

This Lindt Chocolate at Shops at Don Mills is one of the nicest Lindt Chocolate Shop I had been to.

Here you can get freshly made chocolate from the chocolatier. Those chocolater clusters and chocolate covered strawberries looks so tasty!

And of course all flavours of Lindt Chocolate in bulk so you can taste all the more unique flavours! 

There is also hot chocolate and espresso drinks you can order and enjoy that in the shop. 

Cashing out might take a little longer as the staff/cashier can custom your box with ribbons and that kind of held up the line quite a bit!"
"To tell you the truth, I have no desire to walk in Concord Food Centre! It just looks so dumpy from the outside.... like one of those dirty, cheap Chinese Supermarket...But one day I saw my fellow Yoga buddies eating little cakes and desserts from here, I decided to give this place a try. 

I for sure is pleasantly surprised!! Concord Food Centre is quite big, organized and clean. They also has a bakery that sell pastries and sweets, but not a lot of them are made in store, most are for Elite Sweets (http://www.elitesweets.ca/index.php) or LaRocca (http://www.laroccacakes.com/). I ended up buying some mini cakes that is from Elite Sweets. 

Concord Food Centre's might not have as much selections as those huge chain Supermarkets, but the fruits and vegetables are a lot fresher than Loblaws down the street. 

They accepts all credit cards includes AMEX."
"This is the third Touhenboku Ramen location I have been to, so I kind of know what to expect. I have kind of glad that Touhenboku decide to open up a location up in Richmond Hill as it is not easy to get a decent ramen up here. 

I am though kind of disappointed that there is no special deal like they offers in other locations. Last time I got a beer and ramen lunch special for $12 at their Queen Location. And there are always periodically specials in other locations. But here nothing?!

Oh aside from that 2 bowls of Red Ramen for $16.80 special on that large chalkboard right on top of my head? Maybe I should have order that? A sign that the portion is small that I could have ate 2 bowls?!

Red Chicken Broth Thick Noodle Sea Salt  Pork Belly ($10.50) was perfect as a snack! My single ""sheet"" of pork belly was fatty but paper thin. This must need special technique to able to prep that! Noodle wise it was cook well with a touch of chewiness. Chicken broth not as oily as pork base which I found it A-OK.

The interior is bright and modern. Ultra mininalist and clean. Service is efficient with waitress fluent in Mandarin and English.

Hopefully there will be some special offers in this location soon. Ramen & Millie Crepes? Ramen & App? Something? Anything?!"
"Ga Bin Korean Restaurant is surrounded by Chinese restaurant in one of the Plaza at Silver Star Blvd. and Steeles. 

It is owned and runned by Korean. They have been doing this Pork Bone Soup Specials for $5.00 that includes a pop for the longest time. I have to say it is a great value but from July on it will be $5.99 instead.

Dropped by on a weekday afternoon for lunch. The restaurant is nice, clean and empty. When it is hot and sunny, I always want to have the Korean Cold Noodle Soup. And luckily this is on the lunch menu.

I have to say Ga Bin makes one of the best Cold Noodle Soup ($7.99) I have ate. It is served in this metal bowl with ice in my soup. The noodle is nice and chewy..and there is 2 slice of watermelon in the soup too. I love the pickled cabbage. A little spicy, a little garlicky and so refreshing. 

The beef in it is not too good. I would have ask them to skip that next time.

The service is fast and friendly. I will definitely be back to try out other lunch specials.. or order the Cold Noodle Soup again!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard or Interac for bills over $10."
"Chinese restaurants changed business owners frequently! A change of name without even changing the deco and then a new business!! 

New Hot Pot King now replaced the ""Old"" Hot Pot King located at the Club 300 Bowling Alley. 

The set up is similar to the previous business but a totally changed of menu structure. There are 2 choices: 

Beef All you can eat Hot Pot ($12.95) 
-a more limited selections without any seafood 
- 1 cup of plum drink 
- various veggies and dumplings 

Seafood and Beef All you can eat Hot Pot ($17.95) 
- unlimited seafood: Oysters, snow crab legs, shrimps, mussels, Salmon etc 
- includes everything on the Beef menu 
- includes unlimited pop, plum drinks, red bean drink and jello glass drinks 

Though I find it is a good concept of mixing and creating your own soup base, I found it doesn't taste as good as the one that the kitchen prepared in other places. I found though there a great selection for dipping sauces, the practice can get really unhygienic. 

The food is not bad, but not of the best qualities. 

The services though is nice and friendly, all our requests were honoured with a great smile and attitude! 

Please note that they includes 10% service charges already, so make sure you don't double tip!"
"Nasty....

The Thai Style Tom Yum Seafood Noodle Soup was not cook properly.. The fish balls were still cold inside.....the soup lukewarm...

The soup was bland and watery... Maybe I can just bring my own Tom Yum paste and add an extra spoonful in... 

$6.50 lunch specials comes with a spring roll.. 

hmmm.. I might give this place a pass..."
"Smell of spa not food leads me to Your Feel Good Soap Company.

The concept is not new: you pick the lotion then the oil then the size.

But here the owner is exceptionally nice and helpful! A real family owned business, not one of those franchises were you get those uncaring staff serving you if you even get any service!

Aromatic oil and essential oil to choose from. All smell so good! 

There are also hand made soap too...

I definitely smell like a spa after... Zen...

Pro Tip: Bring your own containers or buy one of theirs and keep reusing it!!"
"Fuisa Dog's menu is perfect for a food truck or food stand. I can imagine people lining up for one of their made to order hot dogs which is the perfect street food.

Fusia Dog ($6.95) is a all beef dog wrapped in grilled Indian paratha flatbread and dressed with Korean kimchi, sweetly pickled Vietnamese slaw, fresh coriander and wasabi mayo. 

It is just a little tricky to eat as I doubt you can just stuff that in your mouth without making a mess. There is no restroom in the premise for you to wash your hands. I ended up eating that with a fork.

The combination is quite interesting with so many different elements: India, Korea, Vietnam and Japanese. I of course love the wasabi mayo which is the most dominant of them all!

Staffs are friendly and nice. The interior though small and with no decoration but Fusia Dog is more like a takeout joint. 

I might come back here if I am in the area with a sudden snack attack!"
"You know people living up in the Suburbs need good coffee and espresso beverages! We are so sick and tired going to Starbucks, Second Cups or Tim Hortons.... 

Thanks Better Coffee Company and Tea Emporium for opening up at Richmond Hill, where Chain Coffee Franchise rules! 

Love the decoration... a hipster indie coffee shop up here? Though I am not a hipster.. but I do enjoy the vibe... Spacious with big windows..great place to park myself there surfing the internet and enjoy a cup of java! 

Cappuccino ($3.10) was nicely executed with lovely latte art. Velvet and smooth.. and with great after taste. 

The staffs are nice and friendly and made me feel really welcome! 

For sure drop by Better Coffee Company for a ""better"" cup of coffee next time when you are in the area!"
"I love everything about Vicentina...

The Whole Roasted Porchetta

The Stainless Steel and Wooden Interior

The Simple and Straight Forward Menu
- Step One: pick the bun
- Step Two: pick the meat
- Step Three: pick the topping
- Step Four: Wait for your number be call!

CP 24 (Watch that while waiting for my quickie lunch date)

Hidden Gem: Off the Beat location only the locals knows

Quick Cheap Delicious Food

Bring Home Some if you want more! As It is also a Grocery, Meat, Prepared Food Store

Porchetta on Pancetta ($5.50)
- Surprising moist and flavoured, pork fat rules!

Grilled Steak on Panini ($5.25)
- Peppery and though cooked medium well is quite tender
- One of the better steak sandwich I had.. and I prefer this to the Porchetta

Free Toppings: Onion, Mushroom 

Super friendly Staffs

Lines during peak lunch hour but the wait is short

I will be back to Vicentina for a quickie lunch anytime!"
"Health Herbal Harmony is another Chinese desserts restaurant that serves Essence Jelly and other herbal remedy. It is located in Time Square with storefront facing Hwy 7.

Dropped by on a late Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was empty. The menu here is extensive with a lot of different selections and it will be great if you come with a group of people so everyone will find something they enjoy!

 Have to get my fix for Essence Jelly as eating too much spicy food is not good for health, and Chinese believe that Essence Jelly can balance out the effect of NOT so healthy eating. This is especially true when the weather is hot!

They do serves afternoon tea set (2pm-6pm everyday) which are around $5 that seems to be good value. Which I definitely would be back to try out. Today I decided on the Essence jello with Fresh fruit mix with coconut milk. ($6.80+$0.6).

The portion here for sure is not as big as other places. However, the mixture of fruit is great, watermelon and mango are both so sweet and other fruits are all fresh.. thank you! no canned fruits in sight!

The essence jelly  is a lot bitter in taste than any other places in TO that I tried. They put  lingzhi in that too. Lingzhi is another herbal remedy that suppose to be good for your health. I am not sure if the Lingzhi gave it a really bitter taste or they use extra herbs when preparing their jelly. Any way, I am glad that I order it with fresh fruits and coconut milk. If not, it will taste more like a medicine!

Services are fast and friendly. 

They do give 10% off non set menu if you have a full time student ID and with free Wifi, I can imagine a lot of younger customers would hang out here later in the evening.

Their website is really cool too.. and they even deliver to your house or you can order takeout online and then go pick it up!

Cash only!"
"Nichiban Sushi is a decent neighbourhood sushi joint especially for takeout sushi and sashimi platter.

Quality is always been consistent and service fast and friendly. Not the top quality but good for everyday sushi craving.

I would definitely suggest calling ahead with your order which would really speed up the whole process."
"Old Neighbour Restaurant has quite a selections of Northern style dishes, aside from dumplings and buns.

All the dumplings you do have a choice of either having them boil or steam... if you prefer steaming like me, it will take a while to arrive.

Prices are reasonable at $4.99 for 15 dumplings... and buns are around the same price.

Lunch Specials till 3 pm but are all rice dishes with free soy milk drink.

The interior is quite clean at least nothing are sticky........"
"3.5 star

I am not really sure.... that Classic Shared Platter ($25) is for 2-3 people?? 

I know it is a WHOLE flame-grilled chicken... maybe it is a baby chicken.. I don't think it is ready to be eaten yet..

The chicken though is good... We even able to get half of it in mild and half in extra spicy... At least no one would able to eat my XX spicy half.

The peri vegetable is grilled then tossed in olive oil ... almost the highlight of the meal.

Family owned with the wife at the cash and the daughter delivering the meals... nice enough people... homey feel...

I love Peri Peri Sauce...and it is great that extra of those are on the table for me to drown my chicken in the wholesome spiciness!!"
"Unfortunately Sugar FREE chocolate and truffles does not mean FAT Free! I just love the selection of the Sugar Free chocolate at The Chocolate Messenger!!

The interior of The Chocolate Messenger are decorated in dark wood and dim lighting... radiating a nice and warm feeling on sunny winter afternoon. The staff here is warm and welcoming!! 

Sugar free dark chocolate truffle ($1.75)
- I love dark chocolate.. so I know I will like this already even when I am taking a photo and admiring it!
- The filling has a smooth hazelnut fudge
- Since it is sugar free, the level of sweetness just perfect for me

There are a lot of other gift set and basket selections here perfect for last minute Valentine shopping!

And if you into Crepes... they serves freshly made crepes for $3.75.. I was so stuffed from lunch so I have to pass... maybe next time!"
"Promenades Cathedrale is a little boring... another one of those faceless North American mall with the same franchise stores...

But when I realize I am really walking and shopping directly under Christ Church Cathedral a National Historic Site of Canada, this is quite amazing. Usually in the crypt or basments of churches one will find coffins or relics... but here you will find shoe stores?

During the construction back in 1987, the Church was basically ""floating"" in the air supported on stilts for a whole year. 

Look for a corridor inside the shopping area which has a photo exhibition of building process which can be quite interesting!

With Promendes Cathedrale  linking up Les Ailes de la Mode and The Bay, now I can stay Underground and get lost a little longer...."
"One can get confused really easily... Especially with the turnover of all these Northern Chinese Restaurant in Scarborough...

I almost lost count...  I think this is the 3rd dumpling restaurants at this location within this 2 years... 

Same Decoration... Similar Menu.... Same Tables and Chairs... A new restaurant - New Northern Dumplings.

Of course I need to have the dumplings... my usual dumplings of choice:

Steamed Pork and Chives Dumplings ($4.99)
- The wrapping is really really thin.. I can almost see the soup inside
- be gentle when you pick it up with your chopsticks... because if you break the skin, all the soup inside would be drained out
- Please don't stuff the whole dumpling into your mouth when it is boiling hot.. you will regret it... I am talking from experience!

Service is cold and efficient... 

10% Grand Opening Special

I might come back to try other things on their menu... no lunch specials though!"
"The Bluestone Bistro is so out of place in the strip mall at Hwy 7. When I asked my friends let's go there, they said where? There is a restaurant there??

We decide last minute and I made a reservation for 7 PM for a party of 3 on a Saturday night via www.opentable.com. Our table was all set and ready when we got there. We have one of the booths at the back of the restaurant. I really like the set up of of the restaurant because the partition of the booths are all really high.. these give you a lot of privacy.

We ordered the Seafood Platters/BBQ Chicken Pizza to share among the 3 of us. The Seafood Platters ($39.99) though tasted good was a little pricey! It includes 4 shrimps, 2 crabcake on a bun and a bowel of mussels. I probably would not order that again. The shrimps were a little burnt.. but the sauce on all the appetitizers tasted really good.

We love our BBQ Chicken Pizza ($13.99)!! My friend said is the best pizza that he tasted! The crust is nice and thin, all the ingredients so fresh.

For dessert, we decide on the Toblerone Caramel Cheesecake ($7.95). We have hard time deciding on the dessert because there are a few that I like and I really love to try out homemade dessert! Yes the cheesecake is good...not great.... The size is small, should have order another one to share!

Coffees are served in a bottomless Themo. My waiter kept checking if I have any in my themo.. luckily I order decaff..if not I will be bouncing up and down the own night!

PS I love the bread they serves here! I have to stop myself for eating too much carbs!

The service is good and cheerful. 

The DOWNSIDE it is a little pricey, I cannot come here often!

The UPSIDE it is in MARKHAM! I don't need to drive all the way downtown for good food!"
"I am excited that a Michelin Bib Gourmand Ramen Joint from Tokyo decided to open their first oversea outpost in North York! 

I came here with no expectation but Konjiki Ramen did not disappoint. You can tell the attention of details in the preparation, the use of ingredients and even the presentations.

Signature Shoyu Clam Broth ($14) is aromatic with a touch of truffle oil. Sous-vide pork is tender and moist. Noodle cooked al dente with a great chewiness. Portion wise is perfect and leave me room for dessert at Saryo Cafe.

If you come by off peak, there is not much of a wait time. And definitely worth trying. If you are a lobster lover, don't miss their Lobster Ramen ($28) on Wednesday.

Service is friendly and attentive. Just like the ramen joint in Japan."
"Cheap Beer ($3.50 a small draft), BBQ Skewers of Meat and Veggie and All You Can Eat Hot Pot ($22.95) ?! And you can have these as late as you want as the restaurant is open till 3 AM!

This is a Winner! or A Wynner? Grill?

The inside is nicely decorated and clean VS the BBQ restaurant before. They have this Special Charcoal Hotpot that means you can even enjoy a hot pot out in the patio.

We ended up sharing some Lamb Skewers ($4.99 for 3) and Winter melon Lamb Soup ($9.99)  Both were A-OK. I guess I need to be back to try out other items as there are a lot of others to choose from.

10% off if pay by cash."
"I Deal Coffee just opened up a brand new coffee shop up at Yonge and North of Lawrence.

I personally don't like both locations downtown as the Kensington Market location always packed with lines out to the front door... and the Ossington location is also meh for me with all those mismatched garage sale furnishing...

This brand new I Deal is a pleasant surprise with nice, chic and open interior... definitely a place to chill and enjoy a good cup of espresso beverages.... with organic, fair trade and locally roasted beans!

They also has home made gelato... though there are only a handful of flavours.

I Deal Coffee, Welcome to the Neighbourhood!!"
"Happy Hour! Oysters half price for $1.50 everyday can't really go wrong...

And all the starters are 50% off too... Vension Tartare for $9?! I tried the Mozzarella and Tomato salad ($9) which was awesome....

I wish Boehmer has a different bar menu with some sinfully deep fried fingering food to go with the drinks.. It is just too healthy to be eating salads during Happy Hour.... Yes Deep Fried Food is the way to go!"
"3.5 Star

This review is based on my lunch experience at Nakamori. 

Bento Box ($25) which is a lunch special offerings has a lot of food:
- miso soup and salad
- sashimi
- bento box: Tempura+Chicken Teriyaki+4 pc of sushi

I enjoyed most of the elements aside from the heavily batter tempura with the sauce 

Home Made Hojicha Ice Cream ($4) was the highlight of my lunch with creamy and full of roasted tea taste!

There is a charge for green tea ($2) but worth the cost as it was served in a nice cast iron tea pot and with nice aroma.

$40 Omakase during lunch seems reasonable with 24 hours reservation notice but I would ask the chef to skip tempura

It is worth giving Nakamori a try if you are in the neighbourhood and wants some decent Japanese food. Nakamori is probably your only choice around here."
"Bolan Thai is another one of my favourite Thai restaurants in Toronto. 

Located Mid town, there is always ample parking on the side streets. An option for me if I don't feel like TTC downtown for some decent Thai food.

Service is warm and Thai friendly.

Snow Shrimp - Beautifully plated, tastes light and crispy
Red Pineapple Curry with Chicken - Nice flavour and they able to make it mild
Bolan Pad Thai - I love Pad Thai wrapped in an egg crepe! Just like the street food I had in Chiang Mai

Worth checking Bolan Thai Cuisine if you have craving for some good Thai food!"
"Really enjoy the Shanghai fried noodle.. the portion is big and the noodle has a lot of texture and the nice aroma of mushroom... yumm

The stir fried dishes can get a little oily.. I usually tell them not to use too much oil when I place my order.

The wait staffs are all nice and friendly.

Open until 11pm, a great place to go for late dinner.."
"Sheraton Parkway Toronto North Hotel & Suites is an A-OK in term of the location and facilities... 

It is right next to 404 so you can get to downtown quite fast and if you not driving, there are tons of restaurants: Both franchise and Asian within walking distance. 

The hotel itself is quite dated in decorations. It has done a minor face-lift but something is lacking compare to the newer hotels in the area. 

The one thing I will really advice against not to stay at this hotel because there are always some sort of conferences or trade shows going on.. I am talking about weekly bases!! When there are functions, this place is jammed packed by non overnight guests and the lobby and everywhere can be just like a zoo.... 

If you want a leisure or romantic weekend getaway, stay clear... but if you come to Richmond Hill for a Chinese food eating feast weekend? This is the place to be!"
"I love independent Food/Grocery Markets. I just love how a lot of them have really interesting selections of products from the main stream large chain supermarkets. 

Galati Market Fresh is one of those independent food markets that I enjoy browsing and shop a little. 

I like how they carries coffee from local coffee roasteries: 23 degrees and Reunion Island. And they even sell Reunion Island in bulk!!

I always find the fruit and vegetables a lot fresher and even the bakery selections are better!

Cashiers here are cheerful. Always a great shopping experience!

Check their weekly fliers online as their weekly sale pricing are quite good too!"
"Small indie coffee shops like Sumach Espresso always be quite enjoyable.

A great neighbourhood cafe to hang out for a coffee and get some work done with free wifi. There are also numerous outlets so you will never be out of power.

Cappuccino ($3.50) was good. The piece of chocolate that came with it made me smile."
"I kept asking myself these questions after my first ever visit to Chung King Garden:

What did they do to make that Peking Duck Skin so crispy and with no fat at all linger to the skin?

How come all other Peking Ducks I ever have were all so oily?

Why I did not ever eat at Chung King Garden ever until last Saturday??

We ordered  the 3 course Peking Duck, Braised Broccoli with House Sauce, beef on hot plate, Kung Pao Shrimps.

We enjoyed all the dishes but the Beef! The Beef is really dried.. like beef jerky. The Broccoli is really good.. crunchy and with tons of sauce!

The Peking Duck pancake wrap yes so good! I love it!! 

This place is busy during the weekends! Make sure you call ahead for reservations!

Cash only!"
"I love spicy food so my review of South Aia Malaysian Cuisine maybe a little bias...

I usually goes there on Weekdays for lunch. I would suggest arrive before 12 pm for an early lunch. There are even wait for a table during lunch time since this place is not too big.

There are 2 menus for lunch. One starting from $5.99 that includes tea/coffee and one starting from $5.99 without, 50 cents if you do want one. So both are good prices.

I love eating soup noodles.. I have tried Curry Laksa Noodles, Penang Shrimp Noodles, Asam Laksa Seafood Noodle. They all really tasty. I usually request extra spicy though.... Their Noodle is a mixture of yellow noodles and vermicelli in their noodle soup.

For other dishes, I tried the curry beef brisket with roti, Fried hor fun with mixed seafood; Yes the roti is really small, like the size of my palm... 

This is a family runned restaurant so the service can be slow and lacking.... especially when they are busy.

CASH only!"
"Disclaimer: I don't really eat AYCE anything. But Shinta might changed my mind

Visitors in town wanted to go Shinta. I am a good host, so I decided to tag along with them. Sunday lunch Black Angus AYCE $35.99. I have no doubt have a good time eating all those nicely marbled kalbi short rib. I think that's the one I enjoyed that most. Pork and Chicken was just so so. Just give me the BEEF!

Making a reservation is quite easy via their website and you will get a confirmation via text and reminder the day of the reservation.

Pro-Tip: you really have 2 hour to eat start right from the reservation time. So make sure your party arrives on time or you can just start your meat party without them! Order ahead when they bring your previous order as the wait time can be long for your order to show up. You will there staring at the empty grill and counting down the time to last call.

Should you pay extra for the Japanese A5 Wagyu?? I have to thank my visitors for ordering that for us to share. But I was so disappointed by the piece we got which is mostly fat without uneven marbling! For $70+tax+tips, I expected something better at this premium price.

Will I be back? Probably!! But will be during the Early Bird discount and I will eat my heart out. Kalbi short ribs non stop!"
"Manpuku Japanese Eatery is great for some cheap eats!

I cannot fault my $3.99 udon.. Yes I have much better udon before. The udon at Manpuku is a little overcooked.. the soup is a little salty... and the fish cake that comes with it are supermarket quality. 

The extra $2 to upgrade to a combo is a really great option!

The salad I have to say that the dressing tasted like something  from Kraft Zesty Italian... If Manpuku would use some Japanese dressing that would be great!

Takosen is quite good even with the less than 20 minute wait.. :P I was there when the restaurant was quite empty.. good side selection if you are eating alone and want to try more items without ordering the whole order! 

The waitress is really attentive and friendly. I like Manpuku Japanese Eatery because it is just so unpretentious.. and great for student's budget!!"
"Hot Taste Restaurant Opens till 5 AM everyday!?!

I am not really sure I can handle all these Hot and Spicy food after midnight. But this restaurant have been in business for years and seems to be quite popular with the younger crowds!

Maybe we didn't order the right food?! But what is the right food to order?!

Beijing Style Cucumber ($5.50) - nice and crunchy, quite refreshing!
Pork Lungs in Hot Sauce ($7.99) - lack garnish and the taste was one dimensional
Roasted Chicken ($12.99) - nice smokey flavor but was hard and dry
Szechuen Style Hot and Sour Noodle ($4.99) - more sour than hot and why all these ground pork?! and no garnishes?! Portion though was huge!

Everything was a little off or missing something. 

Service was slow with just 1 waitress working when we were there. 

The restaurant is quite small and the noise level can be quite high if you have a rowdy group. I must be lucky as there was a group of 10 young people talking on top of their voice... I had a headache at the end of my meal... 

Maybe that's why everything was off?? 

I won't be coming back unless nothing else is open in the area...."
"Irish Potato Nachos is brand new take out food joint on Church just South of Dundas. 

I am not into Nachos... but as long as it is spicy... I will give it a try... 

Shamrock Veggie ($5.95) 
- Mmmmmmm I waited for 5 minute to have it freshly made especially for me! 
- Fresh potatoes scalloped and lightly deep fried.. not oily at all, remind me of potato skins but a lot softer and fresher 
- served fresh tomato, green and red pepper 
- The Salsa has a kick of heat! and the Jalapeno pepper oh yummy 

There are a lot of variations of how you like to dress your Potatoes..even Thai Curry!! 

Nice and friendly staffs! Open till 2 AM on weekends! Great place to drop by for a after party snacks for sure!"
"Amazing and Friendly Service. It is always makes the experience more enjoyable!

The menu has good selection and varieties. Even as a single diner there are quite a few items you can choose from! Those noodles options does sounds yummy!

Lunch serves till 3 pm with choice of over 20 different Rice/Noodle items from $8. Spicy or non spicy protein or even vegetarian options. 

The spiciness of Beijing food has this sweet undertone. So if you expect extreme spicy, you might need to add your own chili oil. 

Grand Opening Special till January 28, 2019: Buy one food item get the second one 50% off. Maybe I should have order a dessert too!! They have some classic Beijing dessert that looks quite interesting and worth trying."
"What's more enjoyable than having some baked goods inside What A Bagel while you can smell the aroma of more baked goods coming fresh out from the oven!

One might not find a lot of treats or sweets here compare to the other ones I been to..but what I love about this location is it is really spacious and have a dozen of seats if you decide to stay here and enjoy their products! 

BTW, I am surprise the coffee ($1.50) here is quite decent. Those sweet really needs to be balanced with a black coffee!"
"I am not eating donuts or drinking coffee at Marathon Donuts. 

Tip: DON'T eat donuts or drink coffee at Marathon donuts.

Come here to try their Hong Kong Style Milk Tea which suppose to be one of the best in Toronto.. ok at least the third best. ($1.50)

Unfortunately the Milk Tea is served in paper cups, where are the mugs? or the special HK Milk Tea thick beam cup??

The Milk Tea itself is really good.. rich, silky, slide right into your throat and have a great body and good ceylon tea taste.

hmmm...... just don't think about the calories since it is made with Coronation Milk.

Cash Only!"
"I saw the word Filipino Food and all I thought about is Halo Halo!! 

I wish restaurant would have a sample menu on display at their storefront. While I trying to peek through the mirrored door glass, I couldn't tell if there were people and if they have Halo Halo. Then one man trying to get in telling me that Dalisay serves Filipino Food... duh?! 

The menu is right behind the nice man then I saw Halo Halo for $4.99... I ordered that after I was reassured that ube ice cream was available. It took quite a long time for my dessert to arrive... $3.99 I paid now... so am I getting a discount or what? 

It was a funny version of Halo Halo as breakfast cereal was used instead of crushed rice... maybe this one is the Canadian version or is this a breakfast version?... I wish for more ice cream... I wish for more substance... 

The nice man asked me how was it... I told him I want more ice cream... then he told me that there is a $5.99 version? I left a little confused...."
"Thanks to my Yelp App! 

This recently opened Yogurty's location is just North of Sheppard on Yonge. I didn't even see it even though I drove by several times!

Conveniently located along side of a couple other restaurants makes it a great place if you looking for a place for some healthy dessert! Fro Yo are popping up all over GTA, I am really losing count!

Staffs are courteous and greets customers with great enthusiasm!

Great patio, with a view of Yonge Street! Tables though packed closely together and does need a wiped down!"
"2.5 Star

Steamed rice rolls is one of the comfort food that I ate growing up, I still a little obessed with having it every chance I could get. So when my Yelp friend semt me a link about Niwan Rolls King grand opening special, I rolled down to Scarborough right away to try it out.

The menu here is really simple, a one page selection. I decided on 

Beef with Chive & Mushroom ($3.50) Grand Opening Special ($2.50)
- another one of those ugly looking rice noodle.. or rustic looking? Fortunately it tastes much better than it looks
- loaded with mushroom and chive, beef has a hint of orange peel

Pig Blood Congee ($4.50)
- Homemade style congee - heavy and bland
- pig blood plentiful but overcooked 
- I hope you like ginger and green onion as much as I do, if not please ask them to take it easy.

This is not the typical Hong Kong Cantonese style rice rolls or congee similar to Sam's Congee Delight or the rice rolls you have as dim sum. Just a different version from a  region in Guangzhou. A taste of home for some!

The interior is really nice as a congee place with the high ceiling and huge windows and so clean!!

Price wise, I am not sure if I would have pay $3.50 for the rice rolls...... and even the congee"
"Moksha Yoga North York is located inside a commerical building. It is right on the ground level. They do not have a separate entrance, so in order to enter, you have to use the main entrance of the building instead.

Dropped by on a hot and humid Sunday afternoon. I am not doing any hot yoga in a heated room, but decided on trying one of their Yin classes. 

The reception area is nice and roomy. Right when you enter the studio there are this big area for you to hang up your ""winter"" coat and little partition boxes for you to put away your shoes. This is great since you don't have to drag your coats into the change room and that save  students a lot of hassle.

I was greeted promptly and I signed in the class with my passport of prana. There are 3 different sitting/waiting area in the reception area. Of course compare to other smaller studio I been to, this is so spacious!

The change room has all the facilities you need. 4 Showers, 2 toliets, 2 sinks and 1 hairdryer. There are also filtered water fountain to fill up your water bottle. There are just a few small simple/home made lockers for you to lock up your valuables. Remember to bring your own locks.

The practice room is really bright with big frosted floor to ceiling windows. There are 2 ceiling fans which was on, so the room can be cool down to around 31 C for the Yin class. 

Our instructor is really knowledgable and really patient when she was guiding out through the poses. She explained how each poses are done and demostrated them and then tell us about their health benefits. Each poses we held for 5-10 minutes and we were encouraged to use props like blocks and bolsters so we can held the poses longer. She also dropped by a couple of time to help me adjust my poses. I love adjustments!! extra star for that!

I still sweating even all the poses are done on the floor..yes just lying there I was sweating! :)

There are also free tea set up at one section of the waiting area and you are more than welcome to have a cup or 2...

I will definitely be back to take some other classes in this location. The parking on the side street is free if you come to classes after 4 pm or weekend! Not too many studios in the area has a late class on Sun 5 pm, their schedules are great!"
"An advice for Pho on 7... Having a Groupon deal won't boost your business if you handle the coupon and your customers the way you did!!

Since my voucher is for dinner for 2 and includes a lot of food.. I know I would not utilize the value. but my waitress insist that no matter how much food I order, I would need to pay taxes and tips on the Full amount.. but why am I paying taxes on something I didn't even order?

I lost my temper/cool and finally one of the waitress had everything sorted out.. and I back to ordering...

We ordered 

Mango Shrimp Salad ($7.97) - cold frozen cocktail shrimp? for $8?!!
Mango Salad ($6.97)
Vietnamese Rice Paper Roll ($4.27)
Satay Chicken skewers ($5.97)
Vietnamese Bean Curb ($5.27)
Large Pho ($7.97)
Vermicelli Combo ($7.97)
All tasted below average... Chinese version of Vietnamese food and a bad version...

Since we have some leftover credit on our Groupon, I was hoping to get some dessert.. They do have an interesting dessert menu but the waitress said they never have any of those ever, since no one ever really order them.... FAIL!

I won't be surprise to see Pho on 7 would be out of business soon if they don't improve on their quality of their food... and having Group Buy deals not going to help!!"
"This Rona at Midland and McNicoll always have ample parking and the items are all well stocked.

You will find most of the day to day items for your home improvement or parts to fix things around the house.

But if you want to just browse around and get some ideas for your house, I found it lack displays or models that will inspire you. Maybe with the limited in spaces? There are also not that many higher ends products if you looking for more than the basic stuffs.

Staffs are a little indifference. No one offers any help for the whole time I was there.

The good thing is I do know what I need.

Great to shop if you are an avid Airmiles collector!"
"Fair Grounds Organic Cafe & Roastery might just be a dream come true for a coffee nerd. 

Down to earth with zero pretence. Here at this cafe you won't find fancy deco, people here with their laptops, nor super comfy seating. People here just have one thing in mind.. amazing coffee!!

Just like someone garage.. oh yes this is a garage?! With minimum deco but the best decoration is the coffee roaster. Here on their beans are roasted on site from organic fair trade coffee.

How's the coffee here?! Both the espresso and americano we ordered has great crema, full bodied and a delicate fruity taste..... Love...

Opens 7 am - 2 pm daily. A little out of the way.. but definitely worth my while to come back here for that special cup of coffee.

For real coffee nerd, please talk to the barista who is also the one that roasting all these beans."
"I just could not resist a bowl of Ramen.

Location is great as it is close to Yonge and Sheppard so great if you takes TTC. If you drive, there are quite a few meter parkings in the area.

Deco is simple and clean. Wait staffs are nice and patient.

An order of  my usual King of Kings Ramen and Gyoza is perfect to share with my friend.

I still think Kenzo Ramen has the one of the best gyoza I have in town. The wrapping always done with a hint of crispness and the fillings always juicy and savoury!

Kenzo Ramen is decent place if you want a Ramen Fix."
"2.5 Star

I love Siamese Thai's Friendly and courteous service with a smile! 

However the food was just so so...

Lunch Special Weekdays till 3 pm. I ordered Chicken Thai Spicy Noodle with a side Mango Salad ($8.95).

Mango Salad needed some more herbs and dressing to add more taste. Quite a few piece of mango was so riped and mushy which I just could not made myself to eat that. Chicken Thai spicy Noodle requested extra spicy was pretty good, I do love all those fresh basil leaves used.

That white thick plastic table cloth was dirty and sticky, maybe it is to replace them to something else?!"
"This Thornhill Community Centre Branch Public Library is NEVER my to go places when I want to chilled out or looking for books. 

The promixty of this branch closed to so many high schools in the area makes it swamped with school kids after 3 pm on weekdays! Sometimes I cannot even find somewhere to sit or park myself with my laptop or even find some outlets for the plugs.

Good news that is is under major renovations! Hopefully they will put in more electric outlets and of course some comfy sofas or some group studyrooms for the students in case they want to discuss their school projects instead of sharing it with the rest of us!

Free WIFI is always a plus! +0.5 star"
"Rain Rain goes away...

All these rain made the 6th Annual Woodbridge Ribfest such a muddy one. I should have wore my rain boots!

This is one of the smallest Ribfest I been to with only 5 ribbers.  But what makes this ribfest different from others are the local craft beers from smaller breweries, a pizza vendors that make wood oven pizza on site and a taco vendor that roasting a pig on site for pork taco!

Tons of other vendors promoting their services from photography studio, insurances and home improvement.

Woodbridge Ribfest is A-OK if you are in the area and want to have some ribs, but definitely not worth a special trip for the event!"
"I love wandering around at home and while I am travelling. You never know what interesting things, yummy food and awesome experiences you might encounter.

We wandered inside Andrea Jourdan la Boutique during our weekend in Montreal. I never heard of this store and I did not expect much as the storefront just looks so plain. My friend thought it was a spice store? Andrea Jourdan is just more that. It is a foodie and chef one stop shopping store.

They have a lot of different gourmet condiments, ingredients for cooking, spices and much much more. This could be confusing to pick the items you need but the friendly staff can offer you a taste of anything you are interested from their branded products. I highly suggest you talk to the knowledgeable staff for recommendation. We were looking at for mustard and they have so many different mustard flavours that  make your head and taste buds going crazy. 

You can order and study their online catalogue to see if any products interested you. Even their brand name products are imported from around the World!

And then we saw chocolate bars from Iceland which we brought last time while visiting?! 

Pro Tips: There are numerous discounted kitchen gadgets and almost expired items available at 40-50% off scattered in various shelves around the store. It is fun for people like me that loves to shop for bargains!

I can spend hours in the store exploring and imagining what I can make from all these ingredients. This maybe a dangerous store for my credit cards."
"Mei Nung Beef Noodle House is located at the outer strip of First Markham Place which is famous for their home made beef noodle soup in Taiwanese Style.

When I entered the restaurant, I can smell the really strong beefy soup smell. This is a good sign as hopefully the soup will taste as good as it smell.

I ordered the Large Beef Noodle Soup ($6.99). There are no lunch specials. It took around 10 minutes for my order to arrive as the noodles does take time to be cook. The broth does taste rich with just a hint of spicy... too timid for me, however you can make it more spicy by putting the spicy soy bean sauce and the hot sauce in. The beef is chunky and plentiful. 

I have to comment on the noodle, Yes, it is different than the other restaurants since it is cooked more al dente and has more a chewy texture. It does give me a sense of more fullfilling than usual.

There is only 1 waitress during lunch hour, so service can be a little slow. 

Cash only."
"Just love the new location of Octopus Garden! It might not been as convenient as close to the subway station as before... but it is really worth your while to trek down here! 

Octopus Garden is radiating with positive vibe. When we checking in the front staffs were super nice and friendly. This is the first time we visited the studio wanting to use our passport to prana but we were advised that the first class is FREE!! and we are more than welcome to come back to use our passport again for another complimentary class! Sweet 

The Restorative Class was at the maximum capacity on this Sunday afternoon. Mat to Mat and don't even think about personal space...but since it is a restorative class and most of the poses are passive so it was ok. 

Tons of props: blankets, cushions, straps, blocks, eye pillows... and ACUBALLS!! This is the only yoga studio I experienced the Acuball (http://www.acuball.com/)..and it feels so good and relaxing especially on this cold winter day! 

I was snoring as usual...Zzzzz Zzzzz.. it was that relaxing! 

The change room though small, with 2 washrooms with no showers.. but is bright and tastefully decorated. Since there are not lockers, students are encouraged to bring their valuable into class. 

Teaming with Urban Herbivore providing Vegan and healthy food choices for yogi, Octopus Garden really become more than a yoga studio but becomes a complete lifestyle experience!"
"Disclaimer: This review is not based one of Brass Vixens' Pole Dancing class, that will be for another review update.

Came here to attend one of the restorative yoga class in the smaller room across from the main studio. I can only comment on the facilities since the classes I attended is not one of the class on the regular schedule and the class was excellent!

The room is really small and can only fit 5 student comfortably. I do like small class size but the floor is just really dirty and dusty. There are though enough props to go around. Noise level is quite high as it is facing Queen Street and you can even feel the vibration while lying on the floor if there is a ""party"" or a class going on next door.

I though interest in one of their regular Pole Dancing Class, I definitely would try to come back to take one soon. Or maybe even organize a bachelorette or a divorce party here!"
"Nolbu is the newest Korean & Japanese Restaurant that just opens at near Yonge and Sheppard.

The menu though a little predictable with the usual Sushi/Rolls, KamJaTang, Soon Tofu, BiBim Bap and more. But I found the food here is well prepared with quality ingredients.

They have a Grand Opening Special till end of April if you want to go try some of the dishes alone or as a group for their hot pot!

Soon Tofu with Seafood ($6.99 Grand Opening Pricing) was excellent. The tofu was really silky but the seafood, especially the squid was cooked without being rubbery at all! 

There are a few ""free"" parking spots in front of the restaurant but don't count on getting one. There is a municipal parking lot right next door or if you come after 9 pm, street parking is free.

There is going to be Karaoke facilities in a month time or so... sounds like going to be a good night spot for some singing, soju and food!"
"I am this weakness for anything that is Italian...
- cars
- shoes/handbags
- pasta
and of course Gelato!

Just loves these independent cafe/dessert shops which offers so much more than those franchised ones!

Since all the gelato here are given an Italian name and even if you know Italian you would not have guess what ingredients MARIA is made from!! Yes the Gelato here is tasted great! I find they tasted quite rich, smooth and with a lot of flavours.

Love the stand up coffee bar at the counter, remind me of those Italian cafes I been to in Italy. And of course the friendly and loud waitstaffs and patrons speaking in Italian does reinforce that feel.

Unfortunately, I am not as lucky as some yelper, no Angelic /right out of a Renissance painting Italian guys serving me."
"This One's Better Living has a few disadvantages..

Sharing the same parking lot as Foody's Mart makes shopping here a nightmare on weekend...

The store is smaller than the other ones I been to so the selection of merchandise is a little bit less... and the aisles can be a little bit tight.

But I still love their ""Made In Japan"" dinner wares and other cute little things they carries.

Parking though is not that bad at all on weekdays.........."
"The Pearl of Asia Chinese Cuisine is runned by the same people from the Ruby Restaurant http://www.yelp.ca/biz/ruby-chinese-restaurant-ltd-scarborough. So if you frequent Ruby Restaurant before, you will see familar faces working here.

We were here on a weekday for normal dim sum. So the place was not crowded at all. If you still want to experienced the old Chinese dim sum with people pushing the carts, this is the place to go. Though if you are in a rush, the waiter staff can just take your orders and order the dim sum directly from the kitchen for you. This is a option, since you might sit there for ages before something that you want to eat pushed by you!

The food is ok... standard dim sum items. 

Best value is to come for early morning or afternoon tea where all items are for $2.20. However, right now they have 10% discount extra at all time.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Back on a nice fall evening! The Park looked clean with no more bird poo. Maybe they all left for the winter? or all these Pokemon trainers just scared them away?

The Park was peaceful and I had a great time walking around taking photos.a

Maybe I would even bring my dog back for a nice little stroll."
"Novello Desserts is a small family owned bakeries in Markham area. It is nestled on the side street surrounded by auto body shops and industrial units. 

Novello Desserts makes all their offerings in house, that includes gelato, baked goods and hot food. 

The Cappuccino is A-OK.. a strong roast. Tasted great with the little white chocolate nutty cookies I ordered. I told the lady I want my coffee to stay and when I was checking out their cookies, she already made that in a freaking paper cup... sigh.. maybe those mugs are for decoration only?? 

Drinking my coffee facing the Gelato is not recommended.. as fending off the temptation of having a gelato right there is not easy....... for $3.75 you will get this big cup, though I stuffed from my lunch and I know I can still eat that with no problem. 

The sandwiches though are not as appetizing as everything is pre made and the server just snap them all together.. but the ciabatta buns they served on looks so good. I just watching a couple wolfed down their veal sandwiches in recorded speed. 

The freezer does have pasta sauce, frozen cakes and other Italian food for purchases. 

I guess I have to come back to try their Gelato next time!!"
"I visited Utopia Cafe based on the reviews of our fellow yelpers.. I think I have high expectations and I was a little disappointed..

We were there on a Saturday night at around 10 PM, The place was quiet.. no wait.. and we got great services!! Yes the services were excellent, our waitress was really attentive.

The veggie burger we ordered was really juicy.. I think this is the 2nd time in my life to eat a veggie burger. If they all tasted like that, I think I would always order one.

Tzatziki with grilled naan that we order is not too good.. I can eat that, but nothing I get excited about..... the naan was a little burnt.

The portion of the food was huge!! We could not even finish everything....

Maybe next time I would go read through all the previous reviews and takes some notes so I know what better to order!!"
"Mikado Sushi is at the corner of Kennedy and McNicoll. 

When they first opened they are packaged as a higher end Japanese restaurant. But I guess when you are in Scarborough area, the competition is fierce and finally they changed their menu to fit the area.

Now they offer lunch from $7.99 and all you can eat from 2 - 6 pm $13.95 and dinner combo from $15.99 or so.

I was there for lunch. The place is nicely decorated. I was welcomed by all the staffs just like when one go into a traditional Japanese restaurants. The waitresses are in their pretty kimono and slippers. I am offered warm towel to clean my hands.

I ordered the set lunch B for $9.95 that comes with miso soup, chicken or beef udon, 5 pieces of tempura, 8 pieces of roll. They have a daily special: and I could not resist to order the Uni buy 2 get 1 free..

The miso soup is really tasty.. not salty have a little sweet taste to it and with tons of seaweed. And then my udon came... damn! That is a huge udon.. I should be full just eating that.. (I am on a diet.. I am on a diet..) The udon noodle is chewy, the chicken is tender... Then my tempura came with 2 shrimps and 3 veg and 2 fried chicken pieces...Not oily, light and crispy (hardly any oil on the napkins underneath) Then my sushi came.. 8 big round roll of freshly made sushi...

I took photos of course.. maybe I should hide my photos.. I ate everything!!!!! 

Not to mention my 3 uni sushi!! (the uni is ok.. I don't know if I will order that again..)

The services were nice and friendly. I am glad I arrive early before 12 pm, as the restaurant starting to get busy, I can see the wait staffs has problem serving the customers and the kitchen getting a little slow.

They do have specials that are cash only and some you can pay by credit card.

They accepts all payments includes AMEX.

***** I was going over all my other reviews.. I think compare to other Japanese places, Mikado Sushi should get at least a 3.5, so I adjusted my ratings :)"
"I am happy to see that Katsuya opens up a new location in Scarborough! Who does not love some deep fried goodness! 

The interior is a lot spacious and bright than the other locations I had been to. I still not crazy about the seating but I do like the compartment for bags underneath the chairs.

Service was fast and polite. But the lone waiter was overwhelmed by all the customers during lunch rush. 

We ordered a White Snow and Crabmeat Croquette to shared. One of the reason to eat deep fried food at a specialty restaurant because you know that you cannot get the same result if prepping at home! The batter so crispy and not being oily. And I love all these ooey gooey cheese! 

5% off if pay by cash."
"Opens 8 AM for breakfast 7 days a week... 

Opens till 1 AM on weekends..

Good Choice of HK Style Cafe, Dim Sum, Cantonese Stir Fried, Soup Noodles, Congee.... 

Reasonable priced.. (I have a shrimp dumpling noodles for $6 includes taxes and tips in the middle of the night! Breakfast includes drinks at $5 or so)

Up in No Man's Land... North of 16th Avenue and McCowan..

Chinese TV station on, you won't even worry that you might miss a show!!

You might find me stuffing my face at night after work...."
"I love Sporting Life!! And welcome to Markham!

I have been shopping at their Yonge Street location for years and so excited that they finally opens up at Markville Mall.

The store is just so spacious and loves their selection especially their outerwear. Some of the items might be on the pricey side: $3700 for one of the jacket that I like.. :) But there are also more reasonably priced one at 50% off. So many to choose from. This is the place I would get mine.

Awesome and helpful staff."
"I know I am not a Wing person! 

It always amazed/annoyed my friends when I start telling them how fattening chicken wings are! (the skin, the dark meat really adds up the fat content, cholestrol level and calories) and now you deep fried them in oil! Then coated in sauce composed of a vinegar-based cayenne pepper hot sauce and butter.

(http://www.livestrong.com/thedailyplate/nutrition-calories/food/generic/buffalo-wings-1-medium-sized-wing/)

I don't really mind if they at least tasted good! The Duff's Famous Wings we have the other night was so dried.. like chewing on jerkys.

But I love Cayenne Pepper Hot Sauce/Todasco!! I can eat anything that has hot sauce on it.. but nothing can save these poor dried chicken wings....

Luckily, this is not my main meal just a little snack with a pint of beer.. The pint of beer and good companion made of for the food.

I don't mind coming back trying the Death and Armageddon wings, but I really don't think I can stomach the whole order, not because of the heat but the wings itself!"
"Fahmee Bakery & Jamaican Foods looks and feels like another sketchy place in a sketchy Scarborough Strip Mall.

The blinds in front of the store kind of always closed and have no business hour posted.

Jerk Pork on Coco Bread ($3)
- Jerk Pork is tender with a good mixture of fat and lean
- Jerk rub is spicy and have a good pick to it
- Coco Bread is thin and soft and with a hint of sweetness went well with the pork

The nice lady at the counter was trying to stuff my bread with as much pork as possible and make sure I have pieces of both lean and fat in my order.

Jerk Dinner is around $9 and with half dinner for $5.

There are also an area where you can pick up some Island bread, pastries and sundries."
"Rol San Restaurant may be the best option to have dim sum in Chinatown.. But as an uptowner that frequent dim sum restaruant up in Scarborough, Markham and Richmond Hill, it is really not up to par.

I might be cheap.. but when I am used to all sizes one price for a late Sunday afternoon dim sum fix that is $1.60/$1.80/$2.0/$2.20... paying $3.68 for a Siu Mai or Hai Gow is really a lot!! With that price range.. I would have high expectations! But sadly they really don't deliver.

The only thing going to Rol San is the all day dim sum.. so if you are partying hard downtown and want to have a dim sum fix, this is the place to go!!

The service here is slow and impersonal... I really jumping up and down do a dance spin around in order to get some services!


I agreed with Neil... 50% eating here are non Chinese....wondering where they are going for dim sum.

I would come back if it is a yelp event since having fun eating with all the yelpers more than compensate for the food.. but it will not be the restaurant I would go to for my dim sum fix!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I can eat ice cream, sobert and gelato any time of the day.. or any time of the year! As long as the frozen sweet is Delicious and oh so yummy good. 

Dolce Gelato's dessert for sure makes it into my anytime I can eat frozen desserts! 

The deco is European style tasty decorated.. with excellent soft lighting! It does makes my date looks especially delicious and yummy too! :) 

The servers here are nice and patient.. I love all those gelato flavours she let me try. There are so many chocolate and nut based gelato which are my fave! 

My date decided on the Strawberry sobert dark chocolate covered bar... Her comment while she was enjoying that was ""Wish I have a whole fridge of this baby at home, so I can have one anytime I want!"" It must be pretty awesome!"
"I been wanting to check out Bellwoods Brewery for months, never have a chance until now as it is open for the first time on a Tuesday!

Patio with picnic tables and a huge BBQ does give the place a rustic feel... 

No wait for anything as I dropped by at 6 pm which it just opened!

I am of course not here for the food..  as I always have beer on my mind. Bellwoods Brewery does have a surprisingly good selections, 8 different ones on draft which are all brewed on site: Ale, IPA, Porter, Dubbel, IPA, Saison, priced from $6.50 a pint.

Love sitting right at the bar and watch all the action and have interaction with the bartender. (there are even hooks underneath the table for your purse!)

Too bad, there are no bottles I can pick up to share with my Yelp friend.. maybe I have to drag him down for a tasting to find out which one would be our favourite!!"
"++++ CLOSED ++++

I have to award Shin Jung Korean BBQ the Best Service restaurant I been to in term of Korean restaurants!

I was actually greeted warmly when I arrive with a big smile.
I was allowed to sit in a 4 person booth alone 
I was asked if I want my banchan refilled
I was informed by the waiter that my Soon Tofu is going arrive in a few minutes and hope I don't mind....
I was asked if I want to have my tea filled up a few times, even after I pay my bills
I was always spoken with a big smile and with tons of eye contact
I was asked how I like my meals and if everything is ok
** OK the waiter is young and have a nice smile too!**

Dropped by for lunch at this newly opened restaurant located in First Markham Place. The interior is nicerly decorated with big windows and high ceiling (they would need that because every table counter does have a BBQ stove)

The lunch specials have a big choice starting from $6.95 with various Korean dishes. I decided on the Soon Tofu Soup extra spicy ($7.95).

Seems like all the meals are served with glass noodles and salad and with banchans on the side. They all nicely presented and the waitstaffs explains every single thing they bring to the table. It is good for patrons that is new to Korean food.

The Soon Tofu has seafood and veggie inside.. (One big Shrimp and Mussel and some baby oysters.) The Tofu is really silky and it just slide right into my mouth. The broth is quite favoured with a hint of seafood taste.. and it is just the perfect spiciness for my taste. The rice, I wish they will have the option of brown rice as not everyone eat white rice and it is more healthy to give people that option.

PS If you don't want the egg.. please let them know, because it was cracked raw cooking in the bubbling broth when it was served

The watermelon slice that was thickly sliced and sweet make a perfect ending to the meal.

I would definitely be back to try their Cold Noodle and other Korean Fare... I hope the waitstaffs can keep up with their spirt and keep on offering excellent services to the patrions!"
"Ruby Thai is the busiest food joint in First Canadian Place during lunch rush for a good reason. Fresh made to order stir fried and soup noodle is a winner! At a reasonable price, you can get something right from the wok pipping hot, so hot and fresh!

The option might be confusing for some but just get one of the order form and checked off what you want. This will make the flow and wait smoother and faster.

Chicken Pad Thai ($9.38) was A OK. It was hot and spicy. A little heavy on the sauce but as food court food, it exceeded my expectation!

BTW, there are 3 lines: one for soup, one for stir fried and one for hot table. Think what you feel like eating before lining up!"
"Rowe Farms differs itself for selling only local grown, antibiotics and hormone free products only.

The selections not only limited to meat products but dairy and fresh farm products like eggs and various vegetables.

The prices are more than what you pay but this is the price to pay for shopping with a conscience and supporting the local farming industry.

The staffs working at Rowe Farms are friendly and helpful and more than happy to answer any questions!"
"Oakville Place is not bad compare to a lot of other Shopping Centres I been to!

Huge skylights letting the bright sunlight filter in... warm even during the dreadful long winter months...

Stores are decent with Style Sense, Mexx, Birks and DavidsTea! 

Free WIFI access? 

Comfy armchairs?

Clean and Quiet?

Not bad at all!!!"
"If I pay $6.95 for a Chirashi with miso soup, I should just shut up and eat?

Salmon, Tuna, White Fish, Crab, Surf Clam sounded OK?

Shari Rice was poorly done but $7??

Services was decent, food came fast.. and they accept AMEX too?

Ginza Sushi is decently good for that price... and I am not complaining... of course there are other options..but if you are looking for a good, cheap lunch special when you have craving for sushi like me.. then just enjoy!

BTW, seems like no one is ordering any of their Thai food item all these time I was there...I guess it is safe to stick with their Japanese selections.

A lot of female eating alone during lunch hour... including me! :P"
"Aurora!!! Do I really need to go that up north to find a peaceful Starbucks?

This is one of the few Starbucks I visit when I am the only one on a laptop or Ipad of any kind? There are even 2 outlets right in front of the store.

No students studying here either.. not like it is close to any University.

The only complain I would have is the floor is extremely dirty.. There are even crumbs and dirt behind my armchair......looks like no one ever bother to clean back there!

PS. It is now 3:45 pm and I am the only customer at Starbucks!!  Maybe everyone is using the Drive Thu?"
"3 Star for food and 0.5 Star for Awesome Hours!

Now I have another option in Scarborough for some late night noodle as Imagine Noodle is open 24 / 7!!

Just imagine at 3 am on a cold winter night and you can have a bowl of noodle in hot broth. And at $6.99?? And some BBQ skewers? And some Spicy Cold Chicken? Just imagine that!

The Chinese Name of Imagine Noodle is Palace in the East (東方宮). I cannot imagine how the English and Chinese Name be related in any way.

Braised Beef Brisket with Hand Pulled Noodle ($6.99) for a small is really generous in portion. The noodle was al dente with bite and the broth was nice and hot!

BBQ Spicy Squid Tentacles ($1.99) has a nice spicy sauce and not over cooked so crispy outside but soft inside.

I would be back to try out other items. Imagine just imagine..."
"Eating the Stinky Tofu ($3.99)  at Wei's Taiwanese do remind me of the stinky tofu I ate in Taipei Shilin's night market. 

Though this experience is so much cleaner and comfy then standing in the middle of the street in the heat and trying to make sure that you don't drip all the sauce down your top.

Though the Tofu is deep fried, it does not taste oily.. using fresh oil to deep fried at the temperature with the right timing makes the tofu just light golden brown and crispy outside and soft inside.

The Beef Noodle ($5.25) is just ok... The noodle a little soft.. the broth does not have the spiciness, the beef though tender is not the chunk beef  more like beef brisket serves in Cantonese noodle place.. but it is plentiful and good they do put veggie inside.

I will definitely be back for some more stinky tofu.. but definitely going to eat in.. as I don't want to stink up my car or freak out the people at work!

They accepts Cash only!"
"2 star for service 3 star for food

Grilled Fish Chalet is more like a 2.5 star experience. 

怪味烤魚立魚($22.95)
The Grilled Fish hot pot has so many different soup based to choose from which is quite interesting. And there are non spicy version if you are not into crazy spiciness! The fish itself is quite tasty and you can pay extra for additional items to cook in the broth. I love potato noodle!

重庆鸡公煲 ($18.95) Rooster Hot Pot
The Spicy Rooster hot pot was disappointing. There were hardly any good pieces in the hot pot. You sure it is was a rooster? Not a tiny pigeon?? Everything was so bony.

The other dishes we ordered were so so... nothing I would recommend or come back for aside from the fish.

Service was lacking and it was hard to get anything or even attention from the wait staff. When the waitress was setting up our table, she was practically throwing everything on the table and ended up one of the spoons just dropped on the floor and  broke into pieces right by my feet.... Why was she so angry?!"
"3.5/5.0

Pho'Q has a lot of potential!

I love their late opening hours as there are not too many Vietnamese restaurants that opens till late in the Suburbs. The menu though simple but promising with some charcoal grilled skewers which are great for late night snacks!

I have been there a handful of time already. Service can be a hit and miss, especially on weekends. They really need to hire and train more wait staff for the front of the house.

Food is quite consistent. I never have a bad meal. Most of the items has a lighter and more subtle taste profile compares to other Vietnamese restaurants I had been to.

Both checking them out if you want some homey Vietnamese food when in Scarborough."
"3.5 Star

Maru & Maru Sake Bar is a brand new restaurant that just opened along Yonge Street. When my friend walked by the other day after lunch, we not even sure they are open for business yet as no business hours is posted, but I decided to drop by on a Saturday early evening to check it out.

Bingo! The ""OPEN"" is ON! I am IN! Walking into a dark empty restaurant is a little intimating as I stood in the front with not a human being in sight.. Too early for some sake? Anybody Home??

Friendly waitress seated me at the table while I looked over the menu. Good selection of bottled Sake with some draft and beer selection. Cocktail though surprising limited..maybe since it is still Maru's Soft Opening. A temporary menu with some tapas and bar grab Japanese/Korean/Fusion Style and new permanent menu will be available soon.

Complimentary Spicy Tuna Sashimi with Chips was offered as snack. Free and Tasty!!! I love it!

Spicy Tuna Taco ($12) is nicely plated. Filling a little sparse(arugula, baby sprout, extra virgin olive oil,siracha mayo).. great as a snack. 

I guess I have to come back with my other Yelp friends to sample more food and try some Soju cocktail and even sharing a bottle of Sake or 2?? 

* Weekday specials that includes $1 for 3 pc of Salmon Sashimi?!! I think I definitely will be back!"
"Dropped by Wanda's Belgian Waffles on a Freezing -20 C winter evening...

Greeted by this nice gentleman... who treated us like VIP since we are the only patrons.

Basic Waffles with Vanilla Ice cream tasted A-OK. Yes the texture is more dense and can be heavy. But it was perfect to be shared with a friend as a light after dinner snack.

I really can't stand the plastic containers they serve their waffles... if we are eating in.. can it be on a plate???

Great hours though, they close at 2 AM on weekends!!!"
"I have been coming to New City Restaurant for years. 

It did have some renovations and face lift so the decor looks fairly modern.

Food is always decent and you know what you can expect and the prices are reasonable.

The menus are solely in Chinese... I don't really know if they have a separate English menu. I guess you can just point to one of the many selections and just try your luck!!

High recommend to come for Afternoon Tea Specials as I think it has the best selections compare to their lunch and dinner specials.

Cash Only!"
"Drop by La Palette for brunch on a Sunny Sunday afternoon. If you love and enjoy the warm sunshine, make sure you sit at the front of the restaurant... I have to wear my sunglasses while enjoying my brunch!

Eggs Benedict  with hollondaise on ricotta herb biscuits with Wild boar belly shank crepinette ($14) was A-OK. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the wild boar belly was tender..... The only thing I can complain was my salad was drowned in the really sour dressing...

Services was hit and miss...I wouldn't say I was neglected, but not overly attentive...

I might come back for the Prix Fixe menu and give La Palette another try!"
"I am so excited and on sugary high the moment I stepped inside Delysees and before I ate my box of macarons.

At $2.25 it feels like a bargain compares to other places I been to especially with the quality and the choices that Delysees offers. Rainbow colours of little happiness.

To pick 6  out of 30+ was not an easy task as they all looks so pretty: eye candy! I wish I can just say one each!

Champagne
Roast Pistachio
Lime Basil
Dark Chocolate Sesame
Salted Caramel
Red Velvet

The reason I love their macarons is it has really realistic taste nothing artificial. The flavours all really rich but not overly sweet.

I love the specially made box to! Great for gifting and transporting especially when I have to take them on public transportation!

Eclairs? I need to go back to try those eclairs! 18 different flavours.... What should I pick!"
"The Chase Fish  & Oyster is beautiful. 

The interior is just stunning, remind me of Manhattan and the price to match too.

We ordered:

3 each of Shigoku ($3.75), Mallet ($3.50) and Cascumpec ($3.80)
- Oysters! Fresh, tasty, delicious oysters!
- I savour them slowly with a touch of freshly grind horseradish and lemon juice
- There were no prices on the chalkboard and I really have no idea how much they cost unless one ask or see the charge on the final bill. But I know they were not cheap and not my $1 oyster specials!

Summer Chowder ($13)
- clams, mussels, smoked sturgeon, sweet corn, peas, whipped mascarpone
- light and refreshing! Love the seafood combination and serving was quite generous!

Our waitress was amazing and professional! Split our order of Chowder without requesting and check on us frequently and making sure we have a good time!

Maybe I come back and enjoy some oysters on the patio when all the constructions are done... but at this price point and how many oysters I would like to eat, it might be awhile....."
"I have to tell you once and again I eat everything in a dessert EXCEPT raisins! Can't you get it?? For me sharing a piece of cake with a good friend over a cup of cappuccio is the most enjoyable part and what I having for dessert is not as improtant.

Patisserie La Cigogne is sure a nice and cute place to hang out. So many awesome looking cake pieces displayed in the cabinet. I know it is hard to just pick one! But isn't life is all about choices :P.

Giulana B's choice of ""The Paradise"" ($4.80) I found it A-OK.  Maybe I just have too much fun talking with Giulana looking into her beautiful eyes.. (cut it out! she is taken!) I find the chocolate mousse filling light and not too sweet.. hey I like the vanilla sponge because when eating with the mousse compliments each other!

I can imagine having a coffee on the patio in a nice cool summer night... that will have to wait till next summer when I drop by again!"
"Being to enough Yogurty's, I found even they have the same products or flavours, have the same set up and deco making me a little confused feeling like I have been here before....

No, not all Yogurty's is the same...

I really don't like this Yogurty's at all. The girl working behind the cash just looked like she don't want to be there. No one constantly cleaning up the machine or the topping area...

Meh... I rather go to the other location at Bathurst 10 minute away from here. People there so much more cheerful and cares about their customers..."
"Gyu-Kaku (牛角) is a chain of Japanese yakiniku restaurants specializing in Japanese-Korean bbq, owned by the Colowide Group, headquartered in Yokohama, Japan.

With over 600 franchised locations World Wide and this is the first time I ever dine in one of their location.

Service here is top notch! The staff here is friendly, cheerful and always ready to help. Even though the restaurant was full, I never felt I had been neglected or they too busy for questions.

Since we were there during their 20% soft opening specials, we opted for one of the combo Samurai for 4. A selection of starters and meats with desserts.

Some starters were too salty: Miso soup, Beef Garlic Noodle which I think I would pass if I order a la carte. For protein, I love all the beef course, especially the ribeye steak and the Kalbi ribs. Pork and Chicken never my favourite. For dessert, S'more is not to be missed if you have kids in your group: DIY toasting your marshmallows on the grill was just so much fun! 

Make sure you sign up for membership program! I have enough points to redeem for food already just from sign up bonus which is just sweet! 

Pro Tip:
- Beef and more beef! You cannot go wrong with that and just skip others items
- Adjust power of your grill, especially if you are cooking chicken as they burnt so fast without even cooking through
- Look out for Happy Hour Special which is always a good deal if you are flexible

Though Gyu-Kaku is not AYCE, I really enjoyed their food and I found it is a good value. The best is there is no time limit or the pressure to order to get your money worth?

I will be back!"
"I came to Eight Noodles of course to eat some noodles!! 

Freshly hand pulled noodle always been my favourite so I am excited to give this place a try! Even though it is a Northern Chinese Restaurant, there are still quite a few items that are not spicy or cover with chili oil!

We shared:

Lan Zhou La Mian ($7.95) Large and Pig Intestine Noodle Soup ($6.75) Small
- Both noodles were cooked al dente with a great bite! 
- One of my friend prefers that more subtle Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Broth, savory with a lingering beef after taste
- My other friend prefers the pig intestine soup because of the more salty soy based taste

Wonton in Chili Oil ($2.75) Small and Cold Chicken in Chili Oil ($3.75) Small
- Though both of them were soaked in chili oil but both has a different kind of spiciness to it!
- Wonton is less spicy than the cold chicken and I enjoyed both of them!

I definitely will be back to Eight Noodles again! The option of small or large portion for noodles and appetizers is great so even if you are not in a group you can try out more different dishes!

Eight Noodles' Chinese Name means Face to Face with Noodle... I will be back for a face off soon!

FYI, there is a colourful photo menu with English and Chinese description for almost every single dish..."
"****CLOSED*****
If Roma M did not write a review of Green Thai Viet Fusion, I would not even know that it exists even I drove by Bayview often. 

We went and visit on a Sunday evening around 8 PM, there were only  4 tables including us. (I guess people are watching the Olympic Closing Ceremonies somewhere)

We ordered Malaysian Curry Beef Brisket, Sambal mixed vegetables and Rare Beef Pho. All the food was great! the mixed vegetables has so many varieties of veg: broccili, pepper, bean, sweet beans, carrots. They were cooked perfectly, with still the sense of crispy. The beef brisket is nice and tender, not too spicy perfect for my friend.  Yes I ate the Pho, it has the fresh noodles, for $5.99 one size it is quite big. They did not give me any fresh chilli and when I asked for it, they said they don't give chilli pepper????!!!!!

Green Thai Viet Fusion is runned by Chinese, the waitstaffs here speaks mandarian and cantonese. They are not too friendly or efficient. No tea or water was offered, we have to ask for iced water. We ask for extra napkins, and they didn't bother.

I would give the food 4 stars, but has to deduct 1 star for services!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"I love the rebranding of Traditional Hong Kong Drinks and Snacks and giving them an up to date and modern vibe. 

Cuppa Tea has this nice set up like a trendy cafe but serving the drinks and snacks I used to enjoy when I was young in Hong Kong.

I did not expect to pay old street food pricing for this ""upscale"" environment and cute set up. I don't mind paying if at least the food is good.

My Egg Waffle ($4.59) was just soggy even I ate it right off the grill. No that was not how I remember how my egg waffle tasted like! The Milk Tea in the Bottle ($4.99) I did enjoy and it is kind of cute that it served in a bottle.

Moving forward, I hope they would improve of the quality of their offerings and really bring back the Old Hong Kong taste!"
"I never realized that there is a Dark Horse so close to Town Crier Pub! Maybe I never really been in this area during the day.

Walking into Dark Horse I was having some Déjà vu as I remember the set up of this place! It used to be Smokeless Joe where I came here to drink beer instead of coffee.

As usual nice and friendly barista made me a perfect Macchiato with nice latte art. Love the nice espresso cup it came in too!

For a nice day, I would suggest sitting outside on their small patio or even the seating right on the road and just enjoy the weather!"
"I love shopping at Minso. Just browsing around is always so much fun. I end up picking up something every time when I visited any of their locations.

Vaughan Mills' location is just so spacious.  I like how I don't into other shoppers. The aisles are wide enough to accommodate strollers.

The staff here is friendly and helpful. 

And if course I ended up buying a thing or 2."
"Driving around the Neighbourhood looking for a Pub as I need to kill some time before CMYE at Bigabaldi's ... as I found out Chalker's is possibly the only decent watering hole I would walk in by myself to have a drink! 

The interior looks kind of depressing...but at least the balcony patio is kind of cute and nice as a lookout for fellow yelpers arriving for the event! The wooden patio furniture does desperately need some refurbishing.... 

Wednesday's Lady Night with $6 Martini Specials and free pool is quite good a deal though the Martinis are not the best I had. The beer selections are decent. 

Thanks Edwin A to let me has a taste of his dessert.. I will definitely skip the Martini and have this sinfully delicious deep fried dessert instead!! 

Wait staffs are super friendly and even suggested to give us all separate bills!!"
"Tofu Village used to have another location up at Kennedy and Hwy 7.... sadly it was closed and replaced by Nak Won.. So now this Bloor location is the only Tofu Village in GTA..

To tell you frankly, I like Buk Chang a little better.... just a different vibes.. the busiest, the energy and mostly young Korean male wait staffs running around... and help you scoop up the rice and pour water into your hot pot

Tofu Village though has more comfortable, spacious seating.... and most of the wait staffs are female... you have to do your own rice scooping and everything else!

The menu wise, Tofu Village has a more extensive menu not just soon tofu and bimbimbap... that Galbi beef and rice in hot stone pot ($8.95) I ordered was quite delicious but it took FOREVER to come!! don't ever order anything aside from Soon Tofu if you in a hurry!! Thanks Karl for requesting some hot sauce, it did give a kick to my rice!

Kimchi Soon Tofu ($6.95) is A-OK. We requested Spicy..but it is NOT Korean spicy... not like Buk Chang the most spicy version... Maybe if you really want authentic Korean spiciness ask for Extra spicy. The tofu itself was silky and the soup bubbling hot! What better to have at a -20C afternoon!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard for orders over $20.

BTW, I AM IN regardless if my friend ask me to go Tofu Village or Buk Chang... I just love Korean food!!"
"3.5 Star (3 star for food, 4 star for service)

Maybe I came with high expectations. All these 4-5 starred reviews?

I do loved the playfulness in the plating and the use of ingredients in most of the tasting menu they offered for the evening. But not every plate was a hit and some even a miss. At least for me. 

Duck was definitely the star of the night. And the Pork was just pure fat which I could not even eat that. Luckily the meal ended with some rhubarb, peach, lemon desserts which really help with cutting down the heaviness of the pork fat.

Service was top notch and friendly. 

Great as an experience but I am not sure I would be back again."
"Lucky Noodles 財仔米線 is almost like a copycat of Deer Garden. 

Identical concept with Fish Soup based with different options for combo. Even the pricing is the same?!

There are though a few additional option for soup base and even Shin Ramyun.

Since Lucky Noodle is modeling themselves after Deer Garden, it is fair to compare it to the original.

Fish Soup not as milky and down right watery. Toppings a lot less and the fatty beef slice on my Spicy Noodle Soup ($6.98) was not fresh. 

So the verdict is just go Deer Garden and no point coming here. And Lucky Noodle will need all the luck to stay in business if they don't improve on their food at least close to the Original.

Btw, even the waitstaff wears the same uniform black with white strips."
"7th Sister Bakery is a new additional to Roncesavalles Village. Opened since last September. 

The owner baked all the sweet and pastries herself. Most of the cupcakes, and muffins are small in size... good if you are in portion control i.e. diet and you just want a taste without feeling guilty. 

There are also gluten free baked products. 

Muffins are $1.50 and turnovers are $ 2.50. 

The interior is smallish.. but does have a cozy feeling!"
"Maple Yip Seafood Restaurant does some of their dishes really well but not all of them are good. So the trick is to know what to order.

I was lucky to be with a big group (thanks NYC Yelpers) which is kind of unusual and got to try out quite a few of the dishes

Excellent:
- Wintermelon Soup
- Fried Chicken Stuffed with Sticky Rice
- Garlic Pea Sprouts
- Sizzling Eggplant with Shrimps

A-OK to Meh
- Steam Oyster with Black Bean (too much black bean sauce)
- Lobster in Spicy Meat Sauce (overcooked)
- Steamed Green Bass (overcooked)

Avoid
- Sweet and Sour Pork (worse than the one I had at food court)
- Deep Fried Pigeon (dried and bland)

Compare to the other Chinese restaurants I been to, Maple Yip is one of those that practice healthy cooking: easy on the oil and the salt/msg.

Make sure to make a reservation and if not there will be a long long wait for a table. Services can be spotty but if you are a regular, you find the waitresses really friendly!"
"I remembered the days when I came down to Lee Garden Restaurant to eat at least once a month.

I no longer visit here anymore and I don't remember why..

But last night visit did bring back memories..... 

The interior and decoration is just like it used to be. The one thing I am glad is the ladies room is clean and even smell good! 

Service here is excellent and fast! Maybe just a little too fast as I know some dishes should have taken longer to prepare and cook.

We ordered:

Szechuan Chicken ($16)
- bland tasting chicken breaded and deep fried
- sauce is more sweet than spicy
- the crispy chicken is really soggy too

Smoked Chicken aka Grandfather Chicken half ($15)
- The most disappointed dish of the night, since this used to be my favourite dish
- Chicken suppose to be moist and tender with this smokey flavour from tea leaves, the honey sesame flavour from the glazing but what we served was a chicken that tasted bland, dried and the half of the skin was not even there

Sticky Rice with Chinese Sausages ($11)
- Usually sticky rice suppose to made to order so there is still the fresh from the wok taste, but this rice was arrived on our table lacking everything 

Zucchini with Garlic Olive ($8)
- Not a bad dish but the garlic olive flavour definitely missing 

Honey Orange Ribs ($18)
- I really not into honey orange sauce and this definitely not my go to dish usually

Both the complimentary soup and red bean dessert were overloaded with orange peel... taste was off... balance was off

I can definitely have much better meal at this price point at a lot of higher end restaurants uptown which offers much better prepared food.

Sorry Lee Garden, I don't think I will ever come back, even for Old Time Sake!"
"This Kitchen Stuff Plus is not as spacious as the one in Scarborough but is quite well stocked.

The aisles are a little bit tight but the placement of items are well organized as it is quite easy to find most of the stuffs I need.

The sale staffs are not as visible.. at least when I was there, so you might need to go find one if you have any questions."
"Orient Bistro that took over Fraticelli's old location was an disappointment! It is the sister restaurant of Noble Seafood in Markham https://www.yelp.ca/biz/noble-seafood-markham which I did enjoy their dim sum and have a few pleasant dinner experiences there.

Sauce for $1 per person?? At Orient Bistro's price point for dim sum, I did not expect I would have nickel to dime for the extra!

Small size for $3.80 but there are only 2 Small dim sum on the menu?! And some of the items are marked as Large when other dim sum restaurant consider as Small. Chicken Feet (L) which was sadly half the portion compares to other restaurants. Har Gow was overcooked with broken wrappings. 

Most of the dim sum we ordered were so so but all charged a premium price. The rice roll probably the best out of them all.

We were seated in the private room at the back and service was non existence. Staff was throwing dishes around when clearing tables, no wonder some of the serving dish were chipped already after 2 weeks of opening! When marketing yourself as ""Fine"" dining, this is just not what customers expected.

Orient Bistro would be a pass if you are looking for a fine dining experience with their price point. Since they are still relatively new, hopefully management would make improvement moving forward."
"I now know why I hardly hang out at McDonald's.... even when they started to having their McCafe and their Iced Coffee is $1.

Kids screaming! Stop the kids screaming!! I know it is kind of exciting to be jumping up and down and run around... but just do that inside the kid's play area? Sigh....

Free Wifi was working perfectly! CP24 would have make someone happy!

I am glad I am here not too often but there was no sight of a Starbucks close by and it is near the airport. Great location to wait for someone's flight to arrive......"
"Aroma Espresso Bar seems to be opening up everywhere in Toronto but in a good way. More selection for us coffee lovers aside from Starbucks.

Espresso Maccihato or Americano or Espresso Con Panna or a Turkish Coffee always for choices of drink at Aroma and always been consistent!

The barista in this location is friendly and welcoming. And of course nothing top off a good espresso drink than a piece of chocolate!"
"Summer in TO can be so hot and humid! Time for some frozen treats.

Futura Graniteria + Gelato offers house made granita which is a semi-frozen dessert made from sugar, water and various flavorings. Originally from Sicily, it is related to sorbet and Italian ice;  it has a coarser, more crystalline texture. 

Using local fruits like Niagara Strawberries, it is just so sweet and refreshing. I just love the intense taste.

And make sure you order Pistachios if you are a lover. So nutty and smooth.

A taste of Italy in Toronto.

The interior decor is clean and simplistic. White on white. Great background to feature all their colourful offerings."
"The baked good at Four Corners Bake Shop is to die for! Baked in-house, they are so fresh!

Though with a good selection in the display cabinet, I know right away what I want!  Sfogliatella please! So flaky and creamy, probably one of the best one I have in GTA!

You can enjoy your pastry with a coffee and just chill with your friend. 

For lunch, there is also a hot table of Italian food and they also have sandwiches available.

Come by for a treat next time when you are in Calderon's Main Street business area. I know I will be back!"
"Amadeus Fine Cakes is a cake/pastry cafe right at the corner of Bathurst and Clarke in Thornhill.

The cake choices here are decent. No you are on a diet cake, no I cannot eat sugar cake, no can I have something light cake... all of them are the one that for sure make you fat, with tons of sugar, tons of chocolate.. and so rich and creamy... But at least they do taste good and you won't regret eating them.

You can see them all nicely displayed in the display case and with the name and what they are made of properly labelled. That is good for me so I don't have to ask what in it!!

The inside of the store is really open and airy.. there are cafeteria style seating and self helped service if you decide to eat in. I do wish they serve the cake on proper plate and give us real forks instead of plastic forks and paper plates to eat on...

They accepts Visa."
"I've been following Toronto Raptors since Vince Carter era, even been to a few playoff games... Yes I've experienced better than what we have now...

Raptors really need players that are exciting, charismatic, entertaining and that will bring interest and of course attendance.

Sometimes is not us FAN... we cannot support a team blindly just because it is our home team.. (aside for the Maple Leafs, Toronto is a hockey town after all!!)

Raptors'  management please has a long term plan... build a good team and the fans will come!"
"L'Amoreaux Park is one of the largest park in the Scarborough Area North from McNicoll South to Finch and West to East from Birchmount to Kennedy.

A lot of open area so great for a scroll and just wandering around.  

The L'Amoreaux Tennis Centre, which offers year-round tennis and L'Amoreaux Community Recreation Centre that offers various art, fitness and recreation programs.

This park also includes a paved walkway, a pond, a stream and a bridge.

Kidstown Outdoor Water Playground - Tipping bucket, spray rings, squirting aquatic animals, wading pool, a slide &  more. This is one of Scarborough's most popular outdoor aquatic facilities for preschool and grade school children, so if you have either, maybe you should just skip that!

Softballs and Soccer leagues also has their games here, so if you are lucky, you can see some of them in action. (I guess I was lucky to see some police officers in action today!)"
"I was excited to have a new sushi take out place that has shipment of seafood/fish from Japan. At this price point? 

Check-in Tokyo sashimi/sushi/roll platter looked and sounded promising. I ordered by phone in the early afternoon and arrange for pick up at 5 pm. My order was waiting for me to pick up when I arrived.

Fish selection is good. Not just salmon, white fish like some other places I been to. 3 different type of shrimps, scallops and even tako wasabi w/ seaweed for wrapping.

I think at that price, the platter is good value. Sadly the sushi rice was a fail. It was packed too tight and the rice itself was dry and definitely too big.

Over all a decent place at a great place. Hopefully they will improve their sushi rice after all reading all these comments in the reviews."
"Newly opened Shannxi Legend is Chinese restaurant that is specialized in the cooking style of Shaanxi (which is in the Northwestern part of China) 

The menu does reflects this regional cuisine but with a mix of the staples dumplings and noodles that offers in other Northern Chinese Restaurant. The use of peppercorn is spared, the emphasis are more on sour and spicy... sugar seldom used in the cooking process... so don't expect any sweet and sour item on the menu. 

The waitress here speak Mandarin and really helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. 

Shredded Potato Salad ($5.99) 
- Potato crispy and fresh... but lacking the spicy kick as compare to other places I been to 

Shaanxi Cold Steamed Noodle ($2.99) 
- The Noodle are the thicker and wider versions 
- again not spicy enough... and this is supposed to be a 2 chili dish 
- the dried tofu puffs has a really interesting texture... which I enjoyed 

Beef Noodles with Lanzhou Style Soup ($5.99) 
- The soup based is clear broth but has good flavours... 
- noodles though not hand pulled which is $1 extra has this nice, chewy texture and without that doughy taste.. 
- Beef is more like the preserved type... dried and chewy not the melt in the mouth tender 
- good value for the money! The portion is huge!! 

Note, the waitress recommended some of the Soup Filled Buns which is their specialities, might have to try those out... They are reasonable priced $4/6 but for 2 of us... if we ate 3 of those buns, we cannot eat anything else! 

No Lunch Specials but they are have 10% off Grand Opening discount!"
"Rich II looked like it is in their preparation stage when I came for lunch today. Mind you they do have a sign in the front saying they were doing a trial run giving customers 10% off.

The interior is roomy and spacious. The tables are set around a fountain giving the feel of a European courtyard. 

The price of  lunch menu which is a la carte is a lot more than anyone in area would have wanted to pay, with a main salad at $14! Or you can opt for the set at $35. Lunch set for $35? I

I really don't mind if the food is good.  A prime rib sandwich ($17) was meh.  A lot of chewy tendon. The best part was the extra spicy pickle. The so called truffle chips were overcooked...

The table setting is of dollar store quality.. I have not seen a plastic bread basket pretend to be wicker as yet in any restaurant at this price point. The side plate was dirty. Everything reminds me of trying to look classy by using inferior material.

I have nothing against Chinese people opening high end steakhouse. But in order to be successful a lot of work and attention to little details is needed. Hiring a manager that has real high end restaurant experience training the waitstaff for sure would help.

And don't serve your customers hot water in a cup if they don't request that. I just hate drinking plain hot water nor I speak or understand Mandarin much."
"Finally, I got to eat at Maha's!! 

I thought it must be my lucky day as with a party of 2, we were seated right away in the patio area during a late lunch on a weekday.

Unfortunately, we ended up waiting 1 hour for our food after placing our order. The kitchen seems to have problem copping with the extra orders/customers with the added seating. We did not wait in line for a table but ended up waiting for the food. At least I could chill out at our table and sipping on Egyptian Mint Tea while waiting.

Cairo Classic ($13)
- love the different element on the plate as one can have a taste of everything!
- highly recommended especially you are dining here alone

Maha's Mind Blowing Chicken ($12)
- love the fresh ingredients and use of herb seasonings! 
- chicken has a nice smokey flavour 
- big portion but got a little boring about eating half of that, great for sharing!

I love mint and I really enjoyed my Mint Tea and the fresh mint in the water they served.

I do love Maha's small neighbourhood cafe vibe but is popularity might be it's downfall. I do know good food needs time to cook but 1 hour wait for food + the potential of another 30+ minute wait for a table?"
"I can honestly say Wei's Kitchen is one of the most Unattractive restaurants in First Markham Place!! 

With all the other choices, customers are going into Vietnamese, Korean, Cantonese Restaurants and Wei's Kitchen would be the one that you probably would not ever set foot in! It looks dated, (in fact it is! It took over the previous restaurant without even changing a thing but their signs!), dirty (sticky menus, chairs, floors...), smelly (either from the stinky tofu next door or the things they are cooking!)... 

Lunch Specials from 11:30 am to 5:30 pm, has a great selections of soup noodles ($4.99), rice/noodle dishes ($5.99-$6.99) all includes a drink.. or even soup. 

House Special Duck with Noodle Soup ($4.99) 
- The duck is their house speciality which suppose to have 5 different tastes to it (sweet, sour, bitter, hot, saltiness), I might not exactly experienced the 5 sense of tastes..but I have to say it is really complex and to me the sweet and sour taste were more prominent! 
- The duck itself was quite tender.. and fatty... and portion was great for what I paid!! 
- The soup noodle based itself was flavoured ... and the noodle was cooked properly, not soggy or overcooked at all 

I was pleasantly surprised with my HK style milk tea.. smooth, creamy and flavoured.. never would have expect to have it that good in a crappy place. 

Services was good and attentive.. my milk tea was delivered to my table right before I finished eating my noodle...hot and freshly made!!"
"JYSK? I asked my friend what's that! Apparently it is

""The JYSK name covers a large group with JYSK stores in 34 countries. The JYSK Group, owned by Lars Larsen, today consists of 2,000 stores, primarily located in Europe."" 

JYSK is a budget, discount stores specialized in furniture, linens and other home decoration items. Great if you looking for reasonable priced items and the designs are quite IKEAish too! A lot of them are condo/apartment scale so great if you are looking for furniture for dorms or smaller spaces!

Check their websites as they have great deals on almost every household items. Free Shipping on all Clearence items too!!"
"I have been using VIVA, Express Route and Regular Service operated by YRT over the years.

I usually drive if I travel in my immediate neighbourhood as I don't think it worth for short distance travel for $4. But it becomes quite a deal if I am going to Vaughan Mills/Wonderland, Express to Finch Station and back during rush hours or as a connection for Go Bus.

Using Presto Card enable you to transfer to and from Go Bus Station for 75 cents. 

Most of the time my bus arrives on time. But sadly, there is not frequent enough as the ridership is quite low. 

Hopefully with the growing population in York Region, that will be improved over time."
"I really want to eat at Le Robin Square but I just cannot make myself and my travel mate to wait for 2 hours?! Some advanced planning we ended up coming here just when the door opened and got seated right away.

The restaurant has a nice and homey feel. Just like eating at some one house. The menu is limited in selection which I love. 

Foie Gras Mi-Cuit and Dried Duck Magret ($25) - White Port Wine Foie Gras from Rougie, Gin and Blueberry Magret, Citrus Marmelade, Ginger Spiced Bread

Beet Salad ($18) - Red and yellow beets, Peningouin Cheese, Oro Nobil White Balsamic, Abbae Olive Oil, White Truffle Oil, Caramelized Walnuts

Calamari Inspired by my Friend Jonathan Lanciault ($40) - Calamari Cooked Sous-Vide 5 hour, saffron and tarrragon risotto, lobster mushrooms, smoked chorizo, fava beans, fresh tomatoes, shredded parmesan, Pont Blanc Cheese Mousse, fried plantains and pumpernickel bread

The Ultimate Experience ($34) - Brined, smoked and braised Nagano Pork Belly, Truffle Celery-Root Puree, Pear and Apricot Jam and Wine and Maple Syrup Albufera  

A lot of interesting elements in all the dish we ordered. Most of them was a hit. I am though so so with Sous-Vide Calamari when compared to the sides which were so good on the  same plate. And at $40?

At this price point, I do have my doubts for a repeat visit. But it is at least worth a try as I do understand a lot of attention and time and prep work was used to prepare every single dish."
"I have been flying WestJet a few times over the last coup!e of years.  As long as the price is right, I would continue taking odd flights here and there.

I do like the idea of watching In Flight Entertainment using passenger's own mobile phone, tablet or laptop. But beware that you do need to download the WestJet App or download a plug in on your browser in laptop before you can have access to the movies via wifi.

I really like how much legroom WestJet plane has. At least I won't be crashed and my legs fell asleep during longer flight.

A choice of tea from real tea bags: Peppermint or Orange Pekoe. A freshly stepped tea even from tea bag is way better than those bitter tea serves on AC flight. Little things that make the experience a little better!"
"Dandelion is one of the top restaurants in the Canada as of 2018 it is #12 in the Canada's 100 Best Restaurant list.

Finding the restaurant at night might be a challenge for some as there is no light or signs outside the restaurant. My dinner mate have a hard time finding it. I have to go outside to get him in....

I love how limited and seasonal the menu is. I rather have less items to choose from but as long as they are good! They also have a Special of the Day as an alternative choice.

The plating might not be IG worthy as the protein was hidden underneath a bunch of vegetables. But I do respect the Chef's  ""vegetable-forward"" ideology, especially in this now meat porn food scene.

Since the menu is seasonal so what I had exactly is kind of not relevant, but I have to say I enjoyed everything that evening. And of course that soft and fresh from the oven bread.

Service is friendly and professional. 

BTW, my dinner mate is a super picky eater and he enjoyed all the food, which is kind of a miracle.

Thanks so much for Dandylion Restaurant for a yummy and memorable meal!"
"This review is based on my experience between Toronto and Montreal.

$35 each way if you are flexible and willing to book a few weeks in advance! 

The ride itself was quite uneventful but the WIFI was working well as I was able to Yelp a little, uploaded some photos and just listen to the Live streaming of some of my favourite radio stations.

I would suggest just skip the food! Just have a light meal before boarding will be a lot more ideal!

$35 each way?! I want to go and visit Montreal again and again.. :)"
"I love this Papa Chang's location!

Plenty of parking, especially on Saturday around lunch time! It was a nightmare finding any parking at their Markham/16th Ave location!

Friendly staff and always ready to help. 

Same good food as their other locations.

The interior is cute with some Taiwanese motifs and decor. There are a couple of tables if you do want to eat in.

Call ahead for pick up to minimize wait time."
"Top Choice Restaurant is a great place if you dining in a small group. Their $6.95 special dishes are cheap on prices but not cheap on quality... and with that price, you can go ahead and order more dishes!!

Bittermelon with Beef ($6.95) and Mixed Veggie with Tofu ($6.95) were both served wokking hot, which is so important for Cantonese dishes. They both has a lot of flavours without being too salty. The bittermelon though was surprising has a hint of spiciness went well with the bitterness of the bittermelon.

Love the complimentary tofu pudding dessert!! It was served warm with real brown sugar syrup!!
 
Services was quick and efficient!! 

Top Choice Restaurant is open from 4 pm to 2 am... great for late night dinning!"
"I was excited to have Nicey's Eatery opening up closer to home. A restaurant with area for dine in, a patio and even a drive thru?! A larger menu with more Caribbean favourite?! But I was totally disappointed after my visit.

Food was just meh and especially for what they charge. Oxtail was bland and tasteless for $11. The 1/2 jerk chicken was all dried out and tough white meat only for $5. I request to have it dine in and all the food still serve in recyclable plastic containers. Hot sauce no where to be found (but no amount of hot sauce could have revive the Jerk Chicken).

Service was meh, but it is a takeout restaurant, so I should not expect service? I think treating your customers nicely would be a standard regardless of the scale of your business.

I don't think I would be back again..."
"OMG!! It is hard to believe that Super Khorak is open 24/7!! 

Imagine in the middle of the night, you need to get some of those Persian sweets for someone dear or you just want to cook up some lamb (Chops, head & legs, whatever!)

There is this exciting vibes inside Super Khorak.. remind me of marketplaces in smaller villages... you got to see the bakers, the butchers and the cooks...

The hot food takeout is great value... $7.99 gave you tons of rice, meat and a can of pop! :) Taste wise is A-OK... 

Super Khorak for sure is place to go if you want to have a taste of Persian food and their culture."
"This maybe the only Chinese BBQ Restaurant in the area. Without any competition, they can really priced themselves with a premium price. I personally don't mind paying more if the food is good. But sadly their BBQ Pork and Duck really fall short. Even not up to par to some of the supermarket takeout quality.

BBQ Pork and Duck 2 item take out rice box cost $8.50. Both the pork and duck were on the dry side. Duck though has a better marinated flavour but hardly have any meat. Pork lacked the charred and umami character and ultra lean. The soy milk that came complimentary has this funny taste which I just trashed after the first sip.

Superpig does get quite busy during lunch break since it is right next to a high school and offers student specials."
"This is a review update of Raptors.

A lot have changed since my last review which was almost 7 years ago.

Building a winning team does takes years but I am just so excited that my home team finally in the 2019 NBA final even 1 game away from a Championship?!

This is just unbelievable.

Go Raptors Go!

We the North!"
"Service can be a hit or miss!

Wait time for the shuttle to pick us up at 6 am in the COLD was ridiculously long. There were so many people waiting at the shelter that a lot of us have to wait outside in the cold. Then 3 shuttle shown up at the same time. At least everyone of us were able to get in with all the luggage.

On the return trip, shuttle did show up within 10 minutes and only 5 of us so it was not issue. But paying at those machines really a pain! The scanner not working most of the time and you have to scan your coupon code a certain way to make the machine read. I could see people give up after multiple attempts. I was lucky this time after angling the paper and finally the machine registered.

I hope they would upgrade their machines to something more user friendly."
"I have to confess I am a pasta monster. I would be happy eating lunch everyday here at Famiglia Baldassarre for the rest of my life. Sadly they only open 4 days a week.

Arrived early before the place was opened on a overcast chilly afternoon. The wait was minimum and we got to order the 2 pasta of the day, a Crudo and Asparagus to share. 

Nothing can replaced the taste, the mouth feel of freshly made pasta. Their menu changed daily so you always in for a treat and wondering what you going to have for lunch today.

The Prosciutto crudo is a steal at the price. Must order! 

Sometime truffle might be available? Truffle is just magical.

Everything tasted so fresh, pure and wholesome. A taste of love and caring prepared by an Italian mamma?

Just go and you find out what you had been missing in your life. Make sure you bring Cash!"
"Right across from Canada's Wonderland so if you want to skip Park's food or a break from all the action, this Asian Legend is a good option.

Not busy for a late lunch. They do have lunch special set for weekdays $12.99. I do like to order their dim sum and noodle items instead.

Service here is quick and friendly. Dim Sum since are made when order, so expect some wait time even restaurant not busy."
"Service - 4 Star after you really able to find a sale person to help you

Service when I walked in  - 0 Star. I went back and fore twice around the store and could not find someone there to help me. No one greeted me. No one care to acknowledged me. Maybe it was busy on a Friday afternoon? 

I knew exactly what I want and it was a quick sale. Rob was really helpful once I able to get his attention and asked if he has time to help me. 

For such a high end store, I do expect a perfect customer service the moment I stepped inside the store. At least greet your customers and asked if we need help and make us feels appreciated. If you are under staffed, it maybe good to hire some more staff to work during busy shift. At this price point, they sure can afford more employees."
"I am writing this review on behalf of my dog Momo. Both me and him cannot stand Milliken Park!!

Why?? The small pond that loonies love to hang out, attract all these birds and with that bring tons of poo!! 

Any small dogs with short legs and long hair are not good to walk in a park where almost everywhere covered in duck poo...

When I got home, I have to wash my runners, since it is hard to avoid not to step on any!!

I went there once, and I never go back again!"
"Wonton Chai Noodle is runned by the same family that runs Jim Chai Kee up in Richmond Hill.

The set up is really similar to Jim Chai Kee that only offers 3 choices Wonton, Beef and Fish Balls with either in noodle soup, in soup or noodles with oyster sauce.

They do have the spicy meat sauce with noodle or the beef brisket with noodles.

They suppose to have the same secret recipe as the other locations.

You have to get your own tea and if busy you might have to share tables with strangers.

I found this location, the portion is a little smaller. However, the restaurant itself is cleaner since this is relatively new compare to the Richmond Hill location.

The service is very fast and friendly. Good place to go when you in a rush.

They closes early though, 7:30 PM!

CASH only"
"Sake Bar Kushi has this most amazing and friendly staff. 5 Star for service.

I love the cozy and dark interior. 

I really want to give it a higher rating than 3 star but the food was just a little disappointing.

We shared:

Sashimi Moriawase 55 pcs ($55) 50% off Wednesday
- The fish selection though interesting but a lot of the pieces did not taste fresh.
- some of the sashimi was a little dry and some a little warm
- I won't be happy if I have to pay $55 for that but it is 50% off on Wednesday but still I expect good quality fish!

Kushi Moriawase 10 pcs ($17)
- If you do not like pork belly, don't order this! Even though the menu states that it is a combination of Chicken, Fish, Heart and Pork Belly but out of the 10 skewer at last 4 of them were pork belly...
- It was served almost the same time as our Sashimi Platter and of course the food got a little cold while we were eating our sashimi... and cold pork belly did not taste good..
- Better off just order a la carte off the menu and enjoy my food slowly!

Sapporo for $5.50 a pint and other drinks though are quite reasonably priced! And of course great selection of sake!

I probably would come back and give Sake Bar Kushi another try. Maybe Tuesday for their Kushi special. But definitely won't be ordering sashimi or the kushi platter though."
"Baretto Caffe used to call L'arte Del Caffe. A change of name but still have the same barista and menu.

What gives this place a 4 stars is really the attentive and sincere service. All the staff working here really wants you to have a good time and enjoy their offerings.

We ordered a Super Latte Macchiato ($3.49) and Cappuccino ($3.99). I would suggest just stay with the regular size. Since the cup serving the Super size is really narrow, so it is hard for the barista to create any decent latte art. 

Bruschetta with Prosciutto ($4.50) is a decent choice as a snack. It is really prosciutto on a toast, served like an open face sandwich.

With the lacking of independent cafe in that area, Baretto Caffe is worth visiting to support local business."
"Pa Pa Chang is definitely an excellent addition to the neighbourhood! 

More of a takeout place but with a few tables for eating in, you can get some decent Taiwanese food and snacks at an awesome price!

Popcorn Chicken Bento ($6.99) made to order has a generous portion of deep fried chicken, rice, veggie and salad. Love the veggie on the side which was cooked perfectly and just love the sauces that comes with it!

There are also some Japanese bento selection like teriyaki chicken, curry with rice. But I will definitely be back for some other Taiwanese snacks and noodles!

2/15"
"3.5 Star

Han Oak is  small family owned Korean restaurant. The menu is quite limit but their specialty is Beef Bone Soup Seolleongtang .

Grand Opening Special $8.99 instead of $10.99. 

I usually into spicy soup but I was glad that I have to non spicy version. The soup base is milky, creamy and full of flavour. No seasoning needed but you do have the option to add pepper and salt. There is always quite a few slice of beef shank and pieces of tripe.

So comforting and hearty for a rainy wintery day.

Banchan though quite limited but for Han Oak's soup is the star."
"I don't know.... I really don't know...

Everything we ordered were little off tonight... and it was not the first time I found that happened to me. I been to The Royal Chinese Restaurant numerous of time even at it's old location.

Black Bean Clam ($11.95) was not bad.... My Yelp Friend enjoyed them and even ended up lining up the shells for a photo opp

Mushroom with Vegetables ($6.95) was great value though on the saucy side

XO Fried Fish Fillet ($9.95) was undercooked and still kind of raw inside. Looking at each other, we know that we were not going to send it back.... but instead taking it home and heated that up in the microwave and it was ready to enjoy for midnight snack. At least I know some one was not going to bed hungry.

All the dishes we ordered lack the HOT out of the wok taste, which is the essence of Cantonese cooking.

The staffs were super friendly and chatting with us like we are long lost friends....."
"Ho Garden is another HK Style Chinese Restaurant that trying to offer everything. 

They recently renovated so the interior is nice and modern.. a lot cleaner and chic than other HK Style Restaurant with the darker hue of decoration.

The prices here are relatively cheap.. as a won ton noodle soup is $3.95 and breakfast combo is starting at $2.50.

I ordered the Beef Noodle Soup set ($5.95) with drink.. ok a mistakes to order here... the beef is quite chunky and tender but the noodle is those supermarket bought one.

The services here is not too good. I was a little pissed when my waitress took my order but she did not send it to the kitchen right away instead talking to the lady right behind me for a good 5 minutes about her DIY decorated nails...... hmmmmmm 

They accepts Cash and Interac."
"Sweat Betty's is good as a dive bar. 

Imagine you having a drink or going to a house party with a bunch of your friends at someone's basement. Really homey and relax. 

Everything is self served so help yourself and order a drink at the bar and relax.... especially if you are sitting in the back room or at in the patio. 

Music is ear deafening loud... hmmm... I guess that's the way it is at a basement party just pump up the volume.....

I was getting a headache sitting near the speakers.........."
"Golden Jade Restaurant just has this familiar feel to it: from the name, logo, menu items... 

Yes, it does remind me of Tsui Wah  http://www.yelp.ca/biz/tsui-wah-scarborough

Golden Jade though is a lot of stylish since it kept the similar deco and set up of the previous restaurant Lemongrass. 

As a Hong Kong Style Cafe it does deliver decent options for Breakfast/Lunch/Afternoon Tea option. For lunch (11-3) just order any Rice and Noodle item from the regular menu, you will receive a complimentary drink. 

Aside from various Soup Noodle Golden Jade are famous for, there are also some entree dishes you can order too, good for dinner!

I am still not sure what is Home Style ""Friend"" Noodle, I guess I have to give them a try.

Service though can be extremely slow and unorganized. I was standing in the front for over 5 minute with waitstaff walking by me and ignoring me... until I finally seat myself."
"This belongs to the same restaurant owner as the Station Asian in Market Village. Therefore they have the same menu and the same prices. But I have better experience here then at Market Village.

I went there around lunch time. The place is not too busy. They have all day menu either with the main course (from $6.99) or as a combo which comes with soup, appetitizer and a drink for $2 extra.

The thing I like it here is the drink, they have a great selections of cold drinks that includes special Taiwanese drinks without extra charges.

I decided on having the curry fish fillet and the iced milk tea with grass jello.

The soup is ok, but has some Chinese herbs inside...so that's is quite personally if you use to that taste or not.

The appetitizer is pickled giner with octopus (they don't like octopus in their nature form, so no need to worry). 

I really enjoy the curry fish fillet with rice though, there are tons of green and red pepper, the fish is the best part since they DID not deep fried that in flour coating.. I can really taste the texture of the fish and it taste fresh!

The drink I treated that as a dessert.. yes it is as fattening as a dessert.. : ) . The tea is really creamy.......but I love grass jello.... I wish there are more in that!

The waitstaffs were talking really loud, discussing their own personal life while I were eating.......

BTW, if you come at night, the combos does includes a dessert for free.... I wondering why not during lunch??

They accepts Mastercard, Visa and cash."
"Guschlbauer's cream puff is good.

I love my Matcha Cream Puff ($2.49) and it was perfect snack to go with my coffee. The pastry itself was buttery went well with the cheesy creamy filling.

I would stick with the puff instead and will definitely skip the cheese bun especially at the price point."
"Red Rocket Coffee does have a homey, intimate feel. Ended up you will have a lot of interaction with your fellow coffee mates because the tables and chairs are arranged so closely  together.

My friend tried the Red Rocket here, she did not realize that I ordered the chilli version for her, and she is not too excited about it. She found the taste too overwhelming. Hey, I thought everyone love spicy.. is Jen's spicy world!

My large cappuncino redeemed using my Indie Coffee  Card is A-ok. But wish they serve it in glassware instead of paper cup -0.5 star

The lady that served me is nice and friendly and with a great smile.

Free Wifi +0.5 star

BTW, there are kids under 10 years old set up playing area at  2 of the tables.. why would parents let their kids hang out at coffee place all by themselves?"
"I had been to this Kinton Ramen's location twice and enjoyed my experience both time. This location being new is quite busy and the staff a little green. But those would improve when the hype dies down.

Spicy Garlic Pork Ramen ($11.99) and Original Chicken Ramen ($10.99) both I really enjoyed as I finished everything and earned my Kinton Bowler's stamps. I do enjoyed the chicken broth as it was clean taste and creamy. The chicken breast was soft and tender.

Kakimayo ($4.50 each) Baked oyster was meh and disappointment. The oyster were chopped and mixed in with the mushroom. The seasoning was so strong as I can barely taste the mushroom and oyster apart.

I would stick with Ramen from now on. 

Service was excellent during both of my visit. The staff checked on me constantly and came by a few times to refill my water. Food served in a reasonable time.

But if your dinner mate doesn't like loud music, staff yelling in Japanese, uncomfortable wooden seating and sharing a communal table. I really suggest not to bring that person here. You would ended up having a miserable time, like I did!"
"Jung Soo Ne is nothing fancy. Traditional Korean staple food that prepares with love and care just like how Korean ma would have make at home everyday.

Banchan were fresh. Bulgogi with Rice, Soon Tofu and Dumplings were all tasty. 

Raw Crab Marinated in Spicy Sauce sounds interesting that would be something to try for the next visit.

Lunch Special available which is a $1 or $2 off the regular price.

Worth coming if you want some solid Korean Comfort food just like home."
"Make sure you order the Coffee! They even has their own roast! Fresh ground make and order!

The Pho itself though smaller in size but was delicious. The broth has good depth and flavour.

And even a complimentary spring roll!

Though the menu selection is much smaller the other pho joint in the same plaza but the quality of food make up for it! It works like self select combo with the choice of soup based, noodle and toppings! Upgrading to different drinks will cost you more!

Highly recommended as it is more like a fusion restaurant instead of traditional Vietnamese restaurant."
"Le Viet Asian Cuisine seems to be the neighbourhood's favourite Vietnamese restaurants. Maybe just the lack of other options, everyone are dropping by for their Pho fix!

I could not argue the price is decent, the portion is huge!! 

A regular Pho ($8.50) equal to a large in other restaurants, I could not even imagine how big is their large here.  MSG alert though for the broth.

I also tried the Tomato Beef Brisket with Rice and Grilled Meat/Spring Roll with Vermicelli. All under $10 and the portion is generous.

I won't go out of my way to come to Le Viet but if you live close by or in the area, it is worth a visit. Just don't expect to have authentic Vietnamese food, but more like a version that make Chinese people happy. 

Service is fast and efficient. The staff here is quite friendly."
"Gerhard's Cafe for sure is a breath of fresh air in Scarborough. I am so glad that this little cafe exist that serve simple lunch/brunch, decent coffee and choices of home made desserts.

Walking through the door of Gerhard's Cafe does makes me feel I am in a cafe somewhere in Europe.. ok the only thing they all speak English here.. :). First thing you see is the whole display case of chocolate.. then the next display case of cakes... and the next display case of cookies! Talking about sugary overdose! :P

You can have your sweet as a takeout and eat in. They do provide table services so you order from the counter and they will bring it to your table then you pay them on your way out at the cashier.

My silly question of ""Any cakes that taste good but not too sweet?"" was answered with a few helpful suggestions... Almost want to ask ""Any cakes the taste good but not fattening?"" The problem here is none of the cakes are labelled so it is a guessing game unless they look obvious..(blueberry cheesecake) Poor lady was bombarded with zillion questions until I decide on the White Chocolate Mousse Cake ($4.95) with a cappuncion ($2.45).

Try not to think they use real whipping cream, real butter and how much calories you consuming will be the wisest thing to do here. The Chocolate Mousse cake is really dense in texture and intense in favour.. as the lady point out real chocolate not powder was used in making the cake. The size here is really generous I could not really finish..

They do offer High Tea during the afternoon which for the photos on their website looks really elegant and traditional. Might have to come back for another trip for that!

They also offer lunch specials menu, but I would definitely recommend to try all their cakes and pastries instead.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"There are several Presotea locations inside Pacific Mall. And even in the same mall under the same brand, their specials and offerings can be a little different.

Compare to other Presotea tea's offers of $8 for 2 drinks, this particular location is $7 for 2 instead. There are also some other specials which they posted on the side of the store.

Grass Jello Milk Tea was quick creamy. The only complain maybe the Jello was as smooth compared to other ones I had.

Not bad for a relatively affordable drink offers to share with a friend, as you can order 2 different ones."
"I just want to chill....

 I just want to have a place to relax and daydream before my next meal.. 

Am I asking too much??  

I almost thought I am going into a yoga studio.. Which I think I definitely would enjoy a few downward dog and even Sivasana, but that's probably not what my Yelp friend has in mind.

Loungers and Cushions... Soft and Comfy..... I feel at home... especially without my winter shoes... Can I take off my sweater too and be in my Lululemon outfit?

Tea selections are based on aroma (starting from $4.30 a pot)? flowery...fruity... All my guess since the menu are in French only... 

Just pick a number.. tea by number...any number... I just want to chill

Services are slow or non existence? My tea finally came on a ""Silver"" Platter...

The wait staffs are as chill and laid back as me... maybe they should have tip me instead!"
"This is one of the better Starbucks that locate inside a Chapters. 

Spacious with tons of comfortable seatings...love those armchairs especially those one at the corner!!

The seating around the fireplace for sure is one of my fave to hang around and talk to friends or just going online for hours using their WIFI!

Staffs are really friendly and polite.. 

Great place to hang to wait for your friend...... and if you got bored, you can always browse around Chapters!!"
"Cream Big Steamed Roll?
Salt Detonation Screw Sheet? (google has no idea what this is!)
Scalded Cuttlefish?
Corn Steamed Bun Palace
Irrigation Soup Package?

Reading Golden Harvest Menu is definitely entertaining. I am glad that there are photos for every single item, as who would have guess Irrigation Soup Package = Soup Filled Dumplings?

Lunch Special Weekday till 3 pm..  Selection is decent with entrees, noodles and dumplings. Price point is similar to regular menu but it comes with either a hot and sour soup or soy milk drink.

Braised Beef with Homemade Noodle ($6.55) with Soy Milk
- This is where the photo failed me... showing a hot and spicy looking broth... and in reality it is a clear beef broth
- Noodle though cooked well with great bite, beef though is A-OK

Afternoon Tea Special from 2:30 - 5:30 with 8 choices starting from $2.99 with either soup/soy milk drink

Fried Dumpling ($2.99) with hot and sour soup
- They are freshly made and filled with soup! Really tasty!

Service here is spotty... I arrived close to 3 pm before lunch special cut off time. Waiter kept asking me to hurry and order but forgot to give me the lunch special menu......

Portion is on the smaller size... I was able to finish the lunch and afternoon set in one seating...... no judgement here.. maybe I am just really hungry??!

Sea Food with Floor Ball Soup?!!!!!!!"
"I just love Ed's Real Scoop! 

Red Hot Chili Chocolate Gelato at Ed's Real Scoop is now my new fave! Yes being Hot and Spicy lady like me, I found the dessert that fit my style. First taste is so rich with chocolate favour and the hint of spiciness at the bottom of my throat as an after taste. hmmmm......yay.......

The guy that serves me the ice cream is so nice and cheerful. I have to say the services here is excellent. It is so hard to decide on which favours since there are so many to pick from. I might have to try every single one I have an eye for and still cannot make a decision!

Another reason I love the ice cream here is they has more complex flavour.. not just like some sweet sugary ice cream that the only thing I can say is it is sweet!

Yes I will be back! And I won't be counting the calories or the fat content!"
"Starbucks did an excellent job transforming this old Second Cup location into a nice and welcoming space. 

Nice patio on the side. 

2 large communal tables just great idea since it is located right across from a school... 

Quite a lot of high school students here after school, so might not be the best place if you want some quiet with minimum chattering..."
"I find this Starbucks quite spacious. 

The set up are more for singles or couples as there are not even a large table. Great for loner like me as sometimes you don't want to share and want some privacy.

Tons of outlets!!  They are integrated along the pillars along the huge windows.. so laptop users like me doesn't feel like we are the unwanted and should stay at the back near the washrooms!

Here everyone is on their laptops. I don't feel out of place even if I hang here for hours .................... I just feel so nerdy!"
"Love the renovated Woodside Square Library!! Though it is not that new, they did their renovation back in 2007... but compare to the other branches I been to in Scarborough area, this is one of the nicer one.

Love the design of the entrance and the interior is quite roomy too, especially for a library that is located inside a mall.

The seating here are plentiful and quite roomy. 

Great selection of Chinese books too!!"
"Verdant Garden Chinese Restaurant is a new Cantonese style restaurant that opens recently in this ultra competitive Scarborough/Markham area.

Only the best will and can survive. Here taste, portion, varieties and prices, all determining factors.

I can hear the sound of open flame and wokking during all these time from the kitchen. This place smell and sounded promising! Prices here is really reasonable. Most entrees and dishes are between $6.50~ $8. No lunch special really needed as a noodle or rice dish at  $6.50 or so includes soup of the day?!  

幹炒牛河 ($6.25) Fried Rice Noodle with Beef was well executed.  Nice fresh from the Wok aroma and the portion was really generous. Usually I complain about food in Chinese restaurant being salty but my noodle would need a touch of more seasoning.

The Soup of the day was really good, has this really balanced clean taste, something I feel that drinking that would have some health benefit.

I will be back to try out their dinner offering soon! Especially they are having 10% Grand Opening Special!"
"Malvern Public Library has gone through numerous renovations over the years and it is getting better and better.

The interior is just so spacious with the high ceiling.

When I walked in this afternoon, Malvern felt like the libraries I remembered.... silence...quiet.... so quiet my ears were buzzing...

Great collections of Ethnic language books. However, the books at the travel sections are quite out dated...

I think I will be back to Malvern when I need some quiet Internet time..... or a power nap!"
"I really enjoyed my Winterlicous lunch experience at Linda's.

I been wanting to go to Linda's for awhile..... but after being to Thailand a few times where ""Real"" Thai food is way way cheaper than what Linda's charging... I just could not do it!! 

Winterlicious Lunch for $15, I think I will give Linda's a try as I really have craving for Thai food........ Memoirs of Thailand?

Beef Satay
- The peanut sauce is really good
- The beef is dry and chewy, reminds me of beef jerky - meh

Chicken Panang
- The chicken though white meat is so tender
- you can pick the level of spiciness from 1-20, Should I go for 20...I chickened out and go with 5 which I found it was tasty enough without overwhelming!
- I just love the fresh Thai basil which give special flavour to the dish

Mango Sticky Rice
-  I do admire the presentation... but should I just pop those 2 petite sticky rice in my mouth?! Great texture but wish there are 2 more of those!
- Mango definitely not in season... sour and hard.... dreaming about Durian sticky rice....

Service is excellent!!!! 

I will probably be back for specials... but I don't think I'm willing to pay $7 for a Young Coconut Juice...

I miss Thailand!"
"Do yourself a favour!! Don't waste your time at Designer Depot when you shopping in Vaughan Mills!

Designer Depot represented HBC's entrance into the off-price market in Canada.

I don't even shop at regular Hudson Bay Company Stores... I can't imagine shopping at Designer Depot.

Everything here are so outdated and cheap (not in value but in quality!)"
"Motherhome seems so out of place in the Bloordale Neighbourhood with it's purple storefront and the food they are serving! The interior is surprising clean, bright and modern. 

The set up is more a food court style with hot food already cooked and heating under heat lamp. 

Prices are reasonable with a full meal of carb, protein and veggie for $5 taxes in for takeout. In order to eat in, there is a $1 surcharges which we gladly paid. 

Spicy Curry Goat with Rice ($5.99) has a nice kick of spice and the meat were quite tender and well flavoured. 

Fish in Tomato Sauce ($7.99) was a little disappointing. Maybe because I ate that along side with the curry, I found the sauce was bland. The fish has a lot of sharp little bones inside and it was a little overcooked and dry. 

Motherhome also has store made sauces/paste and desserts on sale. I might have to try some of the dessert next time! 

The owner that serves us was really polite and friendly, even with all the questions I ask and all the silly request I had!! 

They accepts all credit cards!"
"Scout is such a cute shop in Roncesavlles Neighbourhood. 

A great selection of unique and thoughtful gifts for all occasions. The store though small but all their items is displayed nicely with great presentations.

Great place to pick up gifts for that special someone that appreciate better things in life."
"Roots 73 is a Roots Outlet Store located in Vaughan Mills.

Frankly, there is not much inside the stores to buy. The styles and the selections are all pretty outdated.

Worse of all there is not a much of a discount on anything!!

The T-Shirts with Canadian flags on them seems to be good sellers. Tourists probably can buy that as cheap souvenirs for their friends and family back home!"
"Golden Sunrise Kitchen is a typical Hong Kong Style Cafe. But it is quite a welcome additional in this neighbourhood. Good if you don't feel like driving down to Hwy 7 or 16th for your cheap Hong Kong Style Western food fix.

Breakfast, Lunch, Afternoon Tea and Dinner Set Specials available. (opens 8 am for breakfast)

Lunch is from $5.99 which is quite a good deal. My Curry Chicken with Rice ($6.50) has a spicy kick and so was my borscht soup.

There is also an all day special if you want to have a made to order stir fried dish for $7.99 which includes soup and rice but no drinks.

Like them on Facebook for free upgrade to a cold drink which cost 75 cents. They even have an online menu and twitter, instagram and foursquare account?!

Breakfast and Afternoon Tea menu looks promising. I would be back for those."
"This is the last place I would expect to have a Northern Chinese Restaurant.... But here I found Red Lotus!

Red lotus has quite a standard menu one can expected from a Szechuen restaurant. In fact the menu is quite nicely done with a lot of nice photos! I wish the food would have tasted as good as the photos...

Lunch Specials till 3:00 pm for $8.99 which includes a drink and spring roll but nothing interested me there since most of the choices are rice based with just 2 stir fried noodles.

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($8.99) is huge and just like bottomless...... I wish the noodle was better but it was just regular noodles and a little under cooked! The broth does have a nice beef aroma but lack any spiciness. The beef chunks were dry and chewy and have a texture and taste of beef jerky.....

The deco though is really nice, similar to Asian Legend with use of a lot of dark wooden colour.

If you are in the area, give Red Lotus a try ...but I would not suggest a special trip for the experience.

They do accept credit cards!"
"Stepping inside The Real Jerk do makes me feel like I go through this travelling machines and I am somewhere in Jamaica!

All the green/yellow/black decoration, the dirty floorings, the sticky tables, the smiling waiter.

The Jerk Chicken here is really good. The chicken is tender and juicy even for white meat. The oxtail is quite tender too.. but the portions are really small for $13.50. The rice and peas/beans combination is quite good too. 

The Curry Goat Roti ... I am not really crazy about lamb/goat... I found it taste pretty good too, not too lamby.. and a little or a lot of Hot Sauce will help! However the roti wrap taste like something from the Supermarket... I think I will skip the Roti and just have the Curry.

Why they hiding the Extra Spicy Hot Sauce in the Kitchen?? Next time for sure I am asking for that!

Waiter is nice and friendly with a million dollar smile, just like how they are in Jamaica!!"
"Phoenix Restaurant might be a little boring for some. For me I find it is A-OK as there will never be any surprises and I always get good services and decent food.

Menu has not changed and the selections are the same as the other 2 locations. I can tell you even the fish soup noodles I ordered tasted identical to the other locations.

Boring......but reliable.... That make Phoenix a good choice for me when I don't feel like being adventurous and just want a quick bite!"
"Chocolate Danish ($1.99)!!

While walking along Queen Street after a drink or 2, I have this urges to have something sweet...and here I found some sweet to go!!

3 of us just divided and conquered and ate my Danish in less than 1 minute while looking for another pub pit shop!

Maybe when I have a beer or 2 to drink, everything tastes better??!! I sure enjoyed my danish and the nice friendly server behind the counter at The Canadian Pie Company.

I have to come back for a Real pie experience next time I am down at the area!"
"Hamaru Sushi replaces another sushi place which I never been to. So I can only based my review based on my visit of this new place during lunch.

Interior deco and set up is quite good with mostly booth seating so this place probably won't be good if you are in a big group.

Lunch menu starting from $8 has a good selection including mostly Japanese and some Korean food. 

Lunch Sushi A ($12) has good fish selection  and the fish was fresh. The only complaint maybe the rice was a little undercooked so a little hard and chewy.

I do love the fresh fruit cup dessert complimentary at the end of the meal.

Service is ok.  Tea was refilled without being requested. 

Not a bad choice to have lunch if you are in the area."
"I have been wanting to have a Kamayan Feast with my friends all these time. Thanks for Elvis A 's invitation, I finally have my first experience at Tinuno!

Reservation is essential as this place is really popular. The evening we were there, there were 2 large groups of 20! And walk in would be turned away.

Kamayan means Hand to Mouth and it is a feast for special occasions. I find it fun to eat with my hands and make a mess. You do have an option to wear gloves if you rather not to handle your food with bare hands (no judgement!)

Tinuno's Kamayan Feast consist of solely food prepared from the grill, seems like the menu is simillar: Fish, Stuffed Squid, Pork Belly, Pork Skewers, Shrimps, Mussels, Okra, Egglplants on top of Garlic Rice and with a side Mango Salad.

Mango Salad and Garlic Rice are both available for refill. And I love the tartness of the salad! It just gave me the will power to eat more!

Minimum order for 2 so bring your friends! More the merrier. The food is good as everything is grilled so not too oily aside from the pork belly and love the grilled taste!

Thanks Tinuno for offering the Kamayan experience as such a reasonable price! At $15 it is just an amazing experience! And the best thing is Every Night is a Kamayan Feast and thus every night is special occasion at Tinuno!"
"I went to Moksha Yoga Scarborough for  Monday 12:00 pm Community Class 2 weeks in a roll. 

The facilities is as good as before, however, the recent graduate that leading the class was a big disappointment. She is not good at explaining the poses and there were quite a few beginners and they were really confused. Of course don't expect her to correct your poses because she cannot even do the poses correctly herself.

I guess you get what you pay for! $5 class not even worth that $5.

BTW, they should also have better signage for their location. I still miss it after being there for so many times!"
"I always have great experience at most Global Pet Foods I been to. This Woodbridge's  location is no exceptions!!

The store is clean, well organized and with good selections of pet products.

The owner/cashier/staff were so full of energy and ready to help and answer all my questions!?!

Apparently I can take the receipts to my own Global Pet Foods store to be credit to my frequent buyer program? Thanks for the information.

And I am so glad that now they all accepts AMEX too!!"
"Yuan Yuan Chinese Restaurant is a Northern Chinese restaurant. 

Deco here is minimum. Almost all the waitress and patrons here are Mandarin Speaking... I have to say it must be quite authentic! 

Lunch Special at Yuan Yuan seems like a good deal at $5.50 includes taxes and the portions are huge! But it is the Worst tasting Beef Noodles I ever ate! 

- Soup is warm... and taste bland... like colour brownish water 
- Noodle are not cooked properly.. oh so flour tasting and chewy and bland... just hate it! And so plentiful too. 
- Beef tasted so dry and tough. And not much of a taste and they are like cold.. just hate it! And so plentiful too! 
- Veggie is the only thing I like in the beef noodle! And hardly have any! 

I just could not finish even quarter of that! Just feel like throwing up when eating it... hey this is REAL bad! 

BTW, the waitress here was not too nice, frown on me when I ask for the Lunch menu... 

The other dishes might taste better, just don't order any noodle soup! But I don't know if I going to be back to check those out!

Cash Only!"
"Aoyama is a really small restaurant located in a strip plaza in Scarborough runned by Japanese people.. One of the places that you can drive by everyday without even noticing it!

Make sure you make a reservations for dinner ok or even lunch if you want to eat here! This place can only accommodate max 30 people and with only 2 waitstaff and 1 sushi chef. So sometimes the services can be slow, food takes time to arrives and table spaces are limited.

Yes they do have lunch specials.. (sushi, sashimi and tempura) $21 and (sushi, beef teriyaki and tempura) $24 Bento box. Good value when you compare to just the 10 piece sushi order that includes in the bento set cost $19 if you order it separately.

The fish here is really fresh and with the right temperature! I especially like the selections of Sashimi that includes the scallops.. which has this melt in your mouth feeling. Of course I love the uni that includes in the sushi set.. hmmmmmmm

The tempura I find it a little bit oily (just look at all the oil that was on the paper underneath). 

We also offer grilled whole eel ($15) and Cold Soba Noodle ($9.50). The Eel is really good... still have good texture and the sauce that comes with it has this little bit of sweetness. The Soba Noodle though is so so... definitely not cold enough... but it is hard to give it a good judgement since the taste of Eel is so overpowering after eating that everything taste a little bland.

Aoyama for sure it is a great Japanese restaurant. I would love to go there more often but the price is a little pricier than others for lunch with limited lunch options. 

However, I would definitely interested in trying their Omakase dinner which is $45 and $60 which is quite inline with other Japanese restaurants or I can say even cheaper than some!

They accepts all credit cards including AMEX!"
"2.5 star rounded up to 3 for old time sake

I remembered years ago Sam Woo Restaurant is the place to go for Chinese food when one in Mississauga. 

Those were the days but when I stepped in Sam Woo a decade and more later, everything looks the same...menu the same... deco the same...I feel like I got stuck in a twilight zone.................................

How's the food? Good Generous Portion, Reasonable Priced. Though the flavour definitely lacking unless you start putting in so much hot sauce that it won't matter much anymore. 

Sam Woo being in business for so long may not feel the need to change anything at all. I can see myself coming back 10 years later and would find everything still remains the same.. Good for people that like the good old days.."
"I have to apologize to my table mate and friends. I just could not stop rolling my eyes when you just could not decide what to order at Restaurant l'avenue.

I could not blame you all when I suggested we should just order a mixture of some breakfast/brunch items and SHARE... and you all told me you were hungry and could eat a horse or the whole thing by yourself. But you never read all these Yelp reviews nor see any of the photos... 

And on top you all ordered a Smoothie each?! I know that smoothie alone would have filled you all up without actually eating any real food...

But....

Egg Benedicts were all done perfectly with such cute plating. Oh and those fresh fruit skewers.. They were staring at all these food...and we don't even have enough space on the table to fit all these food...

Enormous Servings of Comfort food perfect for sharing. 

You know Sharing means Caring... But I didn't blame them, they didn't know what they were getting into.... 

The wait was not that bad 20 minute tops on a weekday...yes it definitely worth the wait!"
"Le Vin Papillon was not my first choice. I really want to take my friend to Joe Beef but could not get a reservation. How can a restaurant that has a menu focus on seafood and vegetable satisfy my meat loving friends?!

Le Vin Papillon has no reservation policy. Best to arrive early! Arriving before 5 pm would guarantee a table if you are a small group. This is a more intimate restaurant with limited seating, especially during winter when the back patio is not available. Make sure everyone in your party here on time as you won't be seated till then!

Our friends arrived late and we ended up having a drink at the bar. I would have just have my dinner at the bar area as the bartender is super friendly and cheerful and I can just order all their regular menu. If you are a wine lover, you won't be disappointed with their wine selection.

Everything on the menu is EXCELLENT! Their waitstaff just AMAZING! We ended up doing a ""Trust your waitstaff"" style. 

The ""famous"" Cauliflower with chicken skin and the Smoked Carrot Eclair were just amazing! Vegetable dishes for the meat lovers. Duck Fat, Chicken Skin, Bacon Fat were used to add flavour to all the dish. Interesting flavour, texture and definitely not what my friend expected!

Our waiter ask if we want some more?? Of course YES!

Celery Root? I was doubtful but now I am a believer! Perfectly seasoned Beef Tartar hidden underneath some greens? Sturgeon with Squid Ink Puff Bread?

Our waiter asked if I want more? I do but sadly my friends said they were full

I have now been to all 3 chef Marc-Olivier Frappier's restaurants in Montreal. They are all consistent in service and food quality. The price point is quite affordable for what they offers. But Le Vin Papillon's offerings is just so unique and great for seafood lover like myself. Now I do have a second thought about Joe Beef being my favourite restaurant in Montreal!"
"3.5 stars

On one of the hottest afternoon this summer, my friend insisted on coming to Fresco's Fish & Chips.

Remember to Check In on your Yelp App to claim your free drinks with any entrees! Fresco's is just so Yelp Friendly!

Halibut and Chips ($13.99) with half regular and half Miss Vickie's chip batter. The extra crispy batter definitely extra tasty! The 2 piece of fish though on the small side but with all these chips (fries), it can be filling!

If you are in the Kensington Market area and you have craving for Fish and Chips. Fresco's definitely worth coming to!"
"Heisie Mart is that Japanese grocery store inside J-Town.

If you want to cook a real authentic Japanese meal at home, you can get all the condiments, ingredients and even vegetables you need.

different brand of Miso soup powder, dried wakame seaweed, ponzu marinate, Japanese candies, coffees... all the dry goods you can imagine.

Price wise is relatively high as most of them are imported directly from Japan in limited quantities,"
"Hakata Tonkotsu ($9.80) + Soft Boiled Egg ($1.50) was good if one enjoys the rich and aromatic pork broth. 

The noodle is one of the thinnest I had but still well cooked with a nice chewiness. 

Service was painfully slow from taking my order to being served! I thought Ramen suppose to be ""fast"" food. So make sure you give yourself a lot of time even when the restaurant is not busy.

If you do have a bigger appetite, I strongly recommend the Chashu Lover ($13) and add $2 for extra noodle.

A little pricey for the portion but good for an occasional snack!"
"I would not have rent a car from Enterprise. My insurance company set me up with them while my car was in the shop to have one of the window fix. 

Services here was A-OK. In and out with rental with minimum stress. and not like I have not been stressed enough, 

The rental car though was in bad shape. I doubt the interior has been cleaned ever!! It was so smelly, dirty, dusty.. and just filthy. I know it is just a rental for a couple of days, but still. 

Not only the interior is filthy, I definitely think it has some mechanic problem as the front side of the vehicle kept making funny noises when I making turns... I didn't even feel safe enough to drive it on the highways. 

I am so so glad to have my own car back!!"
"If not for Yelp, I would have never ever go to Sukho Thai! I cannot imagine a Thai restaurant located in this neighbour!

We dropped by on a Monday evening and this place is packed!!! We were lucky to have a table right away. We were seated fright in front of the counter, so we did get great service.. since we were right in their face and they cannot ignore us.

Our server is this young owner and he was really polite and friendly. He helped us with the menu selections... my friend ordered the Pad Kee Mao with tofu (not spicy) and I ordered the Gaeng Panang with beef (thai spicy) and Thai spring roll to share. 

The spring rolls were nice and steaming hot! fresh from the fryer... and the sauce that comes with it tasted so good.. I have to say those are not something from the bottle....

The Pad Kee Mao with tofu was really tasty too... of course I would rather has the thai spicy version.. My curry was not really thai spicy but is good enough! They put in fresh chili pepper to make it more hot... the beef is nice and tender... and the gravy is just perfect to go with rice... (I wolfed down everything so fast.. and even help myself with my friend noodles!)

Can't imagine how busy this place will be on a Friday or Saturday night! 

I will definitely be back again to try out other dishes on the menu! And for sure THAI SPICY!!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac!"
"Even a Yelp App cannot help us locate Cherry Cola... we walked up North and then we looked around..Nothing looks or resemble a lounge?!!! and where is this ""Rock N' Rolla Carbaret Lounge""?!!

Then we heard some faint music coming out from a door... and we asked if this is Cherry Cola...... walked in to this red velvet sexy space.... then our eyes set on those loungers at the back and we know that's our space for the night!!!"
"Deer Garden, a Vancouver Based franchise just opens their first location in Ontario.

Specialized in fish broth based rice noodle soup and other Hong Kong Style Cafe offerings is quite decent. The menu is not as extensive as what they offers in BC but is a good start.

Noodle Combo ($8.25) with your choice of  Soup Base, Noodle, Toppings and Drinks. 

My Choice : Original Fish Soup+Rice Noodle+Sliced Beef+Fish Tofu+Milk Tea was good, didn't wow me though. I found the fish broth is a little watery and light. Portion is good as a snack unless you add some more toppings ($1.25) or order side dishes. Side dishes are $1.75 each and you can pick up to 2 .

Side Dishes: Pan Fried Sausage Slices w/Honey and Desert Wings with Ginger. The chicken wings are good size and meaty and I do love ginger!!

Aside from Noodle, there are also other options: sandwiches, snacks and steamed rice.

Steamed Rice Combo only offers during lunch and dinner for $6.50 includes a drink. 

Steamed Rice: Minced Pork Cake on Rice can make anyone that loves rice jump for joy as there is 2 full bowl of rice in an order. 

Vegetables & Mushrooms in Fish Soup ($5.95) was also a good choice if you want to eat more healthy.

Deer Garden is a good choice if you want something light and fast. Nothing here is too fancy or over $10! The vibe is young and full of energy, I can see it will be a popular place for young people to have a quick bite or to hang out.

Cash Only!"
"If you are used to the big box hardware store: Rona or Home Depot, you would be really disappointed at Markham Home Hardware. It is small...really small in all department. But it has been in business serving the community since 1959!

If you come on a nice Sunny afternoon, it is jammed packed with seniors shopping in the area. And surprisingly it has a decent collection of kitchenware.

BBQ seems to be their expertise. They also provides both sales and services to bbq. 

I drop by here occasionally if I shopping or eating in the plaza but it is A-OK for something small or you are an Aeroplan point collector!"
"I have been waiting for TAO Noodles for months. And finally....

Lunch Special till 5:30 pm with over 20 + items to choose from. 

My Wonton Noodle ($4.95) with a choice of drink is A-Ok. The wonton has a good balance of shrimp and pork with a touch of shrimp roe. Small in portion and great in taste. Reminds me a lot of what they serves in Hong Kong.

I will be back to try out other dishes as it is really convenient location for me and opens till 11 pm.

Seating is comfy and the restaurant is spacious will high ceiling.

A little hot and humid though today without enough AC...it definitely felt like Summer in Hong Kong!!"
"Conveniently located at 400 and 7. Great location as one can shop, dine and then catch a movie, tons of options in the area.

Parking never an issue as but I usually come here on a Tuesday afternoon.

I probably will come back for a movie to kill some time especially when it is so hot outside. Nothing special here worth a special trip!"
"This Kenzo Ramen seems to be solo eater's heaven!

Not only it has tons of tables for 2 which are perfect for single, there were in fact 5 tables of single while I was eating there. 

Wait staffs are a lot friendlier than the other locations I been to, especially the Dundas location.

My Netsu Ramen ($8.95) level 3 spicy also a lot spicier than the one I had in other locations?! The noodles were chewy and cooked al dente.....really warmed me up on this cold winter's night!

Another great Ramen location if I have a Ramen Attack!!"
"Aerie is a line of lingerie, lounge wear and fitness wear owned by American Eagle.

They are relative new, only have 2 stores in GTA, at Fairview Mall and Eaton Centre.

OK, the reason I love the Aerie store because of their free gifts!! As long as you are a American Eagle All Access Pass member and you signed up with Aerie in their A list (which are all free, just 1 extra card for you to carry in your wallet), Every month on Thursday you will get a free gift! Yes the gift is free, no need to buy anything at all... no obligations... All you do is go up to the Cashier and hand them the card and they will give you the gift.

The gifts for this month January  is a Aerie in love scented hand cream. Other gifts I received includes perfume sample, note pad, bags, undies, body mist, chocolate bar, make up brushes just to name a few! 

Aside from the gifts, the selections of the store is really good. There are always specials going on. I never bought anything full price here!

The fitness clothes are made with great material and I love their T shirt s too because they are long and cover my tummy when I do my yoga poses.

The staffs are cheerful and seems to enjoy what they are doing."
"As of January 01, 2012, parking on weekday after 3 pm would cost you $2.

I definitely don't like that idea!!"
"Oh so ""Smelly"" Cheese! 

Inhale and Exhale fully... and if you are into Cheese, you will love Grande Cheese Company. 

This location suppose to the a ""Factory Outlet""? I don't see any big discount or anything make the setting an outlet?

However if you are looking for an thing Italian: pasta, prosciutto, antipasto, cold cuts, condiments, espresso coffee beans.. you will find it here.

They do close early though at 6 pm on weekdays.

Say CHEESE!"
"Akane Sushi replaced Gal Sushi (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/gal-sushi-richmond-hill#hrid:IGzihCfV3RYY_5fy-mpFJA/src:self). Nothing much has change, since the ""New""  Korean owner just stuck the new name over the old one.. and now they ready for business!! 

Menus has been reprinted. It changed a little but the lunch menu is similar as before, but there are a lot of new rolls available (see photos). 

I was the only one here for early lunch as I got quick, fast and friendly services! The Sushi and Sashimi lunch I order is quite standard and taste quite fresh too.. and for $7.99 that includes soup and salad is an excellent value! 

They have all day specials Bento box for $9.95... so even if you cannot make it for lunch, drop by for dinner and give it a try!"
"My experience at Pickle Barrel located inside Vaughan Mills exceeded my expectation. As I don't really have much expectations at all.

Patio area is spacious and well laid out with a mix of sunny and shaded area. 

Surprisingly it was empty on a Saturday evening. 

Service was attentive and we were being checked on numerous time!

Daily drink special with at least a beer and cocktail for $5. If not there is also Beau's in bottle format for around $10.

A great place to chill out after some shopping at Vaughan Mills!"
"Grey Goat Pub & Grill is Newmarket's oldest pub! 

Though it is the oldest pub the interior sure is amazing new and chic. Bistro like and homey. Though small in size but not too busy even during Super Bowl. 

Service is excellent and friendly. 

Great selection of beers and a decent pub menu. $5.50 for a pint of Grenville Island is definitely A-OK!! I am even glad that it is available on tap. 

Chicken Wings ($12.00) was great for sharing... 

A great choice to watch a game or just to chill with your friends!"
"2.5 based on my one lunch experience so I am going to round up to 3

Four Season used to be a Shabu Shabu hot pot place but I guess with the change of the season and now it is a Sushi and Korean restaurant.

The interior is the same minus the hot pot element on the table. The menu though has Japanese item like sushi in. There are so many other sushi restaurants in the area and is Four Season good enough to compete?

Lunch special till 3:30 pm with a mixture of Korean and Japanese offering. I was in the mood for some spicy beef but sadly the waitress told me it was not available.

Tempura Lunch Bento ($9.99) Good as a lunch portion. Sadly the tempura which was suppose to be the star of the show was not too well prepared. The batter was too thick to my liking, though the shrimps were fresh. 

Watermelon to end the meal was a nice touch.

The new menu now is extensive, It is as thick as a book. So maybe other items would taste better? 

Service was fast and friendly. I was presented with the bill without requesting, Rude or efficient? I say just Asian efficiency."
"The newest Green Grotto in the area. 

Love the large communal table in the middle and every seat has access to electrical outlets.

On a weekday late afternoon, this place is quiet aside from other 2 tables. 

Due to the closest of seating arrangements and the smaller space, you can hear all the conversation from other tables. 

Drinks quality is comparable to other locations. Food is meh as usual. I would not recommend. 

Reward App is for takeout only....."
"Penrose Fish & Chips has this old fashion charm which blend right into this strip of Mount Pleasant Neighbourhood.

The deco is definitely have a 50s diner feel... those padded booth seatings..even the waitress... just like how I saw it on TV reruns! And of course the old really old lady that working the cash register too...

Haddock with Chips ($10.95)
-  Deep Fried everything is oily and greasy and I totally ready for this! :)
- The Fish is flaky and fresh and I like it..
- The batter though crunchy and crispy but I personally prefer a lighter batter... I just like mine golden brown instead of dark brown..(or because it was deep fried for too long?)
- Fries are A-OK,, it was so freshly off the fryer.. they were still cooking when they were served!!

If you are in the area, definitely give Penrose Fish & Chips a try.  BTW, they still wrap their takeout in newspaper!! :) 

They accepts all credit cards."
"I was so looking forward for Mama Bear to open as I can come here to get my fix of stinky tofu and other Taiwanese goodies regularly! 

An upgrade from the previous HK Style Cafe to a nicely decorated space with more details.

Menu has such varieties and I want to try them all. This is just so me... But since I was here alone for a snack, I settled on my usual:

Taiwanese Braised Beef Noodle ($7.99) and Wintermelon Drink ($1.50). Choice of noodle (thick, thin or vermicelli) and the soup base was quite rich, noodle was not overcooked but the beef can be more tender. 

Promising first impression and I will be back!"
"When I walked inside Bruno's Meat and Deli, all I think about is BBQ season is here!!

You can get your meat cut to your liking directly from the butcher or you can get their pre marinated chicken/tenderloin and just throw that on your grill... sizzling hot and delicious!

There are also their own house blend of cured meat, pate and prepared food (all you do is to heat that up).

It was so much fun browsing around. 

I want my MEAT!!"
"I guess I picked the perfect day to come to Silk Road Restaurant...

Cold and Snowy...... as I drove in the empty snow covered parking lot with no idea how and where to park my car...

Should I be excited to have lamb everything? I am never a huge fan for lamb but I have to say Silk Road might have converted me. 

Lamb Noodle Soup ($9.99)
- Love this Clear Broth version! The aroma of lamb is subtle and memorable with a hint of herb and spice
- Homemade noodle chewy with good bite, without the floury taste as some of the other place I been to

Lamb Skewers ($1.99 each)
- love the spice on the lamb... the meat is chunky so the inside of the meat still really moist 

""Ding Ding"" Fried Noodle ($8.59)
- remind me of those kraft dinner package pasta, but of course these have a lot more bite to it..since these are freshly made!
- The sauce is kind of sweet and salty and a little gooey for my taste

Service though a little indifference but I am here for the food... I got my water, food and bill.. and I am happy.

Silk Road Restaurant is definitely a great place for some Lamb Hand Made Noodle Soup..... I will be back!"
"I was in search for a cappuccino fix as usual. 

Driving around and saw The Big Cannoli with the promise of espresso...oh maybe some Italian pastries?

So at a espresso bar, I decided to take a seat at the bar and enjoy my cappuccino.

Traditional cappuccino ($2.75) tax in is good in price and good in taste!

I guess next time I have to come and have some Cannoli too! 

BTW, it is located in the same strip plaza as one of the Yoga Studio on the Passport to Prana, so a repeat trip would be guarantee!"
"It was hot and muggy summer afternoon. 

The sweet smell of hops were in the air.

Enjoying a pint or 2 at Henderson Brewing.

That's how I love about Toronto's Summer!

The vibe here is casual and welcoming. And even your dogs would be welcome to have a sip with you!"
"This review is based on my experience during Cleveland Beer Week 2015.

Dive Bar is a dive bar. I kind of expecting the worse and was pleasantly surprise. It was clean and spacious. Maybe it was an event that need tickets to be pre purchased, everything was just so organized.

$20 for 4 pints and a snack.

The selection was quite impressive with 30+ beers to choose from. There are 2 bar areas and we ended up hanging out at the back bar with an awesome bartender. Great service and always checked on us frequently.

The patrons and the staff were all so friendly to us. This might be a different crowd compares to the normal DJ nights, but we really have a good time drinking all our beers here!"
"Pho Vietnam is one of those unmemoriable place. It is not a place you going to recommend to your friends, nor a place that you will go out of your way to visit......

Me and my friend at first was planning to go to Pho Saigon but drove by Pho Vietnam with the tacky eye catching  facade. Since I have not been here before, so I decide to stop here for a quick lunch.

The interior is nice and clean. We ordered  the small Pho with rare beef ($5.99), Spring Roll and grilled chicken Banh ($7.50) and a shrimp summer rolls ($4.50).

The food arrived quickly the summer rolls are quite tasty and refreshing... an alternative to a fried spring roll as appeititizer. My pho was yes small... the rare beef are cooked beef and the noodles are the dried varieties. My friend' s grilled chicken I found it a little dried and bland.... the spring rolls though really tasty!

This is the only vietnamese restaurant I have been to that has fresh red chilli preserved in vinegar! I found that it is a little strange and I don't really enjoy the taste. 

The services are fast and cold... The wait staffs have the look that ""I wish I am somewhere else"".

They accepts all credit cards.

There are a lot of better Pho joint in the area which are more tasty and cheaper than what Pho Vietnam offer."
"Lunch Specials all for $5.99 with over 18 items to choose from!! I am IN! 

Steam House serves lunch from 10:30 am - 5:00 pm, and great for people like me that eat lunch whenever. 

Steamed Chicken with Fungus and Mushroom ($5.99) is a healthy option but the wait time is 15 minute, just make sure not to order if you in a rush. 

Dinner option considers of a la carte or set menu combo. If you believe that Chinese Herbal soups have health benefit, you will find a few to choose from here. 

I will be here for lunch specials for sure... My type of place!"
"This Kenny's Gourmet at Leslie/Major Mac and the Kenny's Noodle at Steeles/Silver Star are the last two Kenny's left.

Cheap, Tasty and Reasonable priced are the main reason that I love going to Kenny's.

Service is always a hit and miss... just be persistent and eventually I get what I want.

Hope it will be around for awhile... I always enjoy their Big Bowl Noodle!"
"The Home Basics is located at Warden and Steeles in the same plaza as T & T Supermarket.

It is almost right next to Neohome Houseware (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/neohome-houseware-markham), however I find this store not as nice and organize as Neohome.

The Home Basics has the feel of a Dollar Store. The goods are lying everything and some goods are even similar but they charges a lot more!

The spaces is really clammed and there are hardly any Japanese imported goods, most of them are from China or their cheaper versions.

I don't mind browsing around, but I don't think I will be doing a lot of buying in here!

The parking lot can get busy and crazy during prime grocery shopping time and weekends!"
"I been to a few Teaopia in the area.. and this location at Shops at Don Mills is the one that I like the best!

Why so? Are they all the same since they are all franchise?

This is the only location I been to that has almost all the loose tea leaves samples on a round rack for me to closely examine the mix, smell it and play with it! :) Sometimes I don't really want to bother the staff here when there were only 1 selling and 1 mixing drinks and there was a line waiting for services!

Love the seatings there and the area dedicated to selling brewed tea and tea latte. At the other locations, that was like an afterthought but here seems the emphasis are more on the tea cafe drinking  then just selling their products.

This is a great place to meet up with your friends or just chill if you are more a tea drinking person VS coffee drinking person.. since there are floor to ceilings windows overlooking the main area at Shops at Don Mills.. good place to people watch during summer!"
"The young fella with turban gave me a puzzled look thinking I went into the wrong place when I stepped inside Manpasand. 

I was drawn in when I saw the signs on the windows saying Espresso Indian style and Marsala Tea. I am not BRAVE enough to try their Indian version Espresso but Marsala tea ($1.50) does sounded good! 

Manpasand is a takeout, dine in and buffet restaurant. The smell here is so rich with spice and meat.... staying here a couple of minute waiting for my drink made me smell like Indian food! :) 

My chai was prepared freshly to order... sweet, milky, rich and with a hint of cardamom and cinnamon. 

There are also tons of Indian sweets displaying in the glass cabinets...it was not easy to resist them while I waiting for my tea to be ready! 

BTW, no sighting of Roma either!"
"This is a Starbucks Drive Thru location... but I did not use the service instead I rather go inside and get my coffee! :) Hoping I might run into one of the regulars... :) I am NOT stalking you!

The barista is nice and friendly.. probably high on cafferine as much as me... As per the recommendation of Roma.. I got one of those little Peanut Butter cupcake which suppose to have less than 200 calories... oh but they are so little! :) good and little!

This place jammed with high school students on their laptops... I feel a little out of place as I am one of the older folks... maybe I come back in the earlier afternoon when they still in school."
"All Star Wings & Ribs has all the elements of being an awesome sport bar.

TVs and TVs and more TVs showing almost every sports at the same time. Your friend will definitely be happy, especially when he is not in the mood to talk to you. On the other hand, he might be checking something else while you busy eating your wings.

But guys, please don't bring a girl here for the first date, you might never have a second chance.

Waitress are friendly, nice and hot! May not be as hot as some of the wings. 

The wings might be the reason I will be coming back. Crispy outside and tender inside and with all these choices of flavours, decisions...decisions....

Beers, Wings, TVs and ""Scantily Dressed""* Waitress... now you know why All Star Wings & Ribs has all these 4 stars rating from all the Yelp friends I hang out with!

*Sourced from Edwin A"
"Ying Ji Chang Fen 銀記腸粉 is a franchise from Guangzhou opens since 1950s which has over 30 locations and this is their first oversea location! Welcome to GTA! http://www.gz-yinji.com/

With the nickname ""Rice Noodle King"" 以腸為王, that's would be the only thing that you should order. 

Pig Blood Jello Congee ($4.50)
Skip the congee if you are used to Hong Kong Style: Sam's or even Congee Queen's Congee. The congee is more ""Canton home style"" and lack the smooth and milky texture 粥底不夠棉  and was meh. They used the same congee based for all their congee. So doesn't matter which variety you order, it will still be the same.

Marinated Chicken and Mushroom Rice Roll ($4.50) and Plain Rice Roll ($2.75)
The wrapping on both were nice, smooth and silky. I would just the plain rice roll if you really want to appreciate that rice roll. The filling they use for the Chicken rice roll was so so. But I love their soy sauce which were diluted and sweetened and went really well with the rice roll.

Service is friendly and fast. 

腸粉腸粉 腸粉  Rice Roll Rice Roll.. trust me, nothing else but the rice roll."
"La Rocca Cafe is located at the atrium area inside Cosmo Music. 

You can get La Rocca's pastry in a lot of major supermarket and their baking factory is just across the street. Here you can order cakes for pick up. And of course there are slices of cake to purchase.

The sit down area though smallish but quite quiet on a weekday afternoon when the store is not busy. 

Espresso drinks are well prepared. 

Worth dropping by if you are in the area. And for sure if you are shopping at Cosmo Music."
"3.5 Star

The setup of Mermaid Fish and Grill House does remind me of my trip to Spain where I was visiting restaurants right by the ocean with the Catch of the Day. Of course, it is not fair to compare that experience to what Toronto can offers where ocean is no where in sight and in the coldest month of winter.

Mermaid Fish is quite impressive compares to what one would expect in a small strip plaza in Scarborough. 

Selection of Fish cooked when order based on the type and the size. For the night I was there they have: Sea Bream, Sea Bass and Grouper/Shrimps/Calamari.

We shared:

Grilled Sea Bream Singari Style ($25) with Rice and Salad
Deep Fried Calamari ($6)
Fish and Chips: Halibut 2 pc ($10)
Side of Naan Bread and Dip Complimentary

The verdict:
- Calamari was the best dish of the evening. The batter so light and the calamari so tender
- Grilled Fish was nicely done. The seasoning was really light but enjoyable
- Fish and Chips though a huge disappointment! The 2 small piece of fish was heavily battered and the fries was not cooked properly with some of them still raw. The fries were cold too by the time it was served to us.
- The rice and the side salad were meh

The owner is really nice and friendly. I really appreciate the Yelp check in offers of 5% off. 

Will I be back? Probably for the Calamari and the smile and the hospitality of the nice owner."
"Every neighborhood should has a cheese shop where the locals can drop by and pick up cheese and other gourmet cooking produces. Alex farm produce is the one for this neighborhood!

Great selections of cheese! Helpful and friendly staffs!

You are encourage to try out some of their cheese and even give good suggestions of which cheese you might enjoy!

Drop by and browse around their excellent collections of gourmet produces and of course pick up some cheese too!"
"2.5 Star

It is hard not to compare Langham Delight to Deer Garden! Same concept of pick your Combination noodle, soup base and toppings. Knows your competitors and price accordingly is quite important for success in business.

Langham Delight at $8.99 for the most basic combination and that does not even includes a free hot drink! And in order to upgrade to a combo, you will need to pay 75 cents more or $1.50 for a cold drink.

Quality, Quantity and Value is not as good as Deer Garden and why would customers willing to pay more for less...

Original Fish Soup with Rice Noodle and 2 Toppings ($8.99) + $1.50 for Lemon Iced Tea were OK. 

No House Made Chili Sauce.. 

Personally, I think Langham Delight should at least build in the drinks in their Combination Noodle. Diversifying the menu with more offerings with less emphasis fish soup noodle might be better for their success down the road.

Cash Only"
"3 Star + 1 Star for the view when the weather is nice

I can seriously just chill out at their back patio every time when I am in Pickering with a pint of beer or a glass of wine!

Port has one of the nicest set up to enjoy the beautiful view of Lake Ontario. It is just hard to believe sometimes you can just enjoy this resort like setting right in your own town without going down south!

The food though decent but might be a little pricey which is more in line with Downtown Toronto's prices. A $19 Cheeseburger probably a little too rich for me for lunch!

So I would probably settle on drinking a draught beer ($7-$8 which is quite reasonable) from GLB, Beau's, Nickelbrook, Muskoka and even 5 Paddles next time when I am here and have a snack next time when I am back!"
"Jones Public Library is a small neighbourhood library. 

You found elderly Chinese people bring their grandchildren here to spend the afternoon...so not a good place to study or to chill.. of course if you don't mind kids screaming or you bringing your own!

Though Jones Library has free Wifi access but has limited seatings and electrical outlets. All the seatings here set up as communal tables, so not much privacy.. 

However, I have to give credit for them for their great current collections of Chinese material on the shelves! One of the better one I encountered for a library this size!"
"My Airbnb for My Weekend in Montreal was just 5 minute away, so I decided to come to Lapin Presse for a coffee.

Love the interior and their logo: Rabbit (I do love bunny theme anything)

Macchiato was A-OK. I still find most espresso based coffee in Montreal more on the sour side. 

Great little cafe to chill out in the Neighbourhood."
"I don't even remember when I was the last time I visited CNE. I usually really sad when it is time for CNE as it means Summer is over soon...

$6 after 5 on Weekday is a pretty good deal if you just want to walk around, catch a performance and just enjoy a carnival like atmosphere on a summer night. Spending a whole day and pay $18 is just a little too much for me and definitely not worth it.

I like the ""new"" buildings they use for Shopping. So much more organized and spacious. The Food Building still the same as I remembered. And I never really get anything to eat that because it is always hot, stuffy and crowded! Nothing really caught our interest this time again.

Will I be back? Maybe if the price is right and the weather is nice. But CNE will be a part of everyone's memory growing up."
"This is probably my favourite Rooster Coffee House's location.
 
I love the space the moment I stepped in. Mind you, it was cold and freezing outside and the cafe just felt so welcoming and WARM with the aroma of coffee!

Love the seating option! They even have a second level if you want some quiet time.

Rooster Coffee House has interesting latte if you are not a coffee drinker. Honey Ginger Latte is perfect for this colder and wet weather! 

A great place to just hang out and meet up with your friends over a good cup of coffee!"
"I was hungry
It was almost 10:30 pm
Nothing really opens
A moment of weakness.....
I needed food

My Mini Slider ($8.99) though accordingly to the menu has this locally sourced/hormone & antibiotic free awesome beef but the meat was dry and bland.... Chicken Wings ($12.95) was sizable and meaty but a little bland too!

Beer selection though is really good! Love how they have Old Credit Brewery on tap and this is as local as it can get!

Beer tasting for $7.25 with selection of any 4 beers on the list. But my waiter said they running out of sampling glass and I might not able to order that?! This was on a Tuesday and only 3 patrons were doing the flight at the other table and they ran out of sampling glass?! 

The Crooked Cue though is a good place to enjoy a pint or 2 when you are in the neighbourhood! Especially if you want some good beers!"
"Armour Heights library is one of the tiniest libraries I ever been to in Toronto. 

There are only 3 tables which seat 4, the only good thing about it is there are 2 outlets under each table. I came by in the early afternoon, so I have no problem secluding a space with plug. 

One good thing is there are ample parking since it is inside the Community Centre sharing the same parking lot. 

Kids can be quite rowdy at time since this library is really one big room. 

Please stop the screaming kids!!! Take them outside to the playground right behind the library please...................."
"How's the dim sum at Yang's Fine Chinese Cuisine?

A-OK! 

I probably will be back for their Durian Pastry!! They are made to order fresh from the oven.... I ate the whole order as I am the only one at the table that would eat durian!

Other dim sum are all nicely done. I do expect that at this price point! 

Service is lacking as the restaurant was packed even for a weekday lunch break.

I might come back for more dim sum if my friend wants a gathering. But there definitely have other options in the area!"
"Game ON!!

Chit-Chat-Play Board Game Cafe is such a welcoming addition to the Neighborhood! Opens till 2 am on weekends for your gaming pleasure.

I came here twice once to watch the World Cup and once to enjoy some fun time with other Yelpers for a few hours of game time ($8 unlimited play with a drink $3.25). 

I really have a good time as the staff here is really patient and more than happy to show us and even act as a referee while we trying to figure out the rules and so we would try to ""kill"" each other for the win. 

There are so many games here so I am planning to come back and play them all!

The drink menu though extensive with espresso drinks and brewed tea could some time be a miss. My cappuccino was a little too milky to my liking. The gelato though is delicious! 

Even if you are not into gaming, you can always come here and enjoy a cup of tea with your friends and use their wifi and hang out a little.

Ample parking at the back of the complex."
"Wonder Fusion Corp is the 3rd location of Xin Xiang Hui, Hot Party Corp http://www.yelp.ca/biz/hot-party-restaurant-scarborough and Greatime Corp 
http://www.yelp.ca/biz/new-greatime-corp-toronto

Opens from 11 to 5.. that is 5 AM! So if you are in the area at say 4am and needs anything from Northern dim sum, Noodles, Hot Pot or anything really spicy.. you will find it here!

The set up and the deco is from the previous 2 restaurants so it is quite different than the 2 sister restaurants. No sticky tables and floors, all waitress are in nice uniform and when I saw her took her Iphone out and take my order......that's impressive!

Menu with Colorful Photos makes ordering really easy. 

Hot and Spicy Cold Noodle ($6.99) is of course hot and spicy and refreshing with cucumbers and sesame mixed inside. The noodles have great bite and portion size is great for late dinner!

Hot Hot Hot.. The complimentary cold fresh papaya tapioca coconut dessert really cooled my taste buds..  

Lunch Specials! I need to come back to have lunch specials and of course some late night spicy fix!!"
"Good Luck to LHL Seafood Restaurant!

I lost count of how many Chinese restaurants opened up in this location... 4 or maybe even 5??

$2.28 All Day All Size Dim Sum Monday - Friday, $2.48 on Weekends. At this price point, the quality of the dishes we ordered were decent.

Har Gow
Siu Mai
Chicken Feet
Deep Fried Spring Roll
Rice Roll with Beef and Radish
Deep Fried Sesame Balls
Deep Fried Squid Tentacle ($2.99)

We were here at 2:30 pm on a weekday so the restaurant was really quiet. However, they started vacuuming the carpet with this malfunctioned vacuum cleaner and it was just so deafening loud!

Service was meh. I got what I wanted, efficient but not pleasant.

LHL is OK if you just want to have some affordable decent dim sum... doesn't really worth a special trip.

VIP card, Free Lobster during Dinner, Customer Loyalty Program.. At least they are trying!"
"Visiting West Side Market was such a fun experience! 

So clean and spacious making the experience so enjoyable.

I wish I stayed in an Airbnb so I could pick up some of the fresh ingredients and make my Yelp friend cook for me. But they do have some ready to eat snacks, desserts and more for immediate enjoyment.

And seriously, free parking?!!!"
"Beer selections is great at Barhop! 25 beers on drafts including imports and locals! Check the offerings on their website, but everyone should find something they enjoys!

Great venue to meet up with beer loving friends for a drink after work. 

Tuesday $1 oysters all day but I suggest just stick with the beers...

Smallish patio facing King Street...a little too dusty during rush hour..Just pick a beer..

Service is excellent, something to Cheer about!

I will be back for more beers...or maybe a cocktails when I am in the area!!!"
"I took my friend to Nino D'Aversa Bakery for gelato and coffee this afternoon. This place is packed!! 

I have to say I like the vibes of this location VS the other one at Woodbridge. I know it is strange to say that since this location is smaller, dated and hardly have any seatings! But the vibes here so much better. This cafe feels like where all the locals people will come here for a quick snack or to hang out.. 

Small Gelato ($3)
- My friend could not decide on which flavours to pick, ended up I just pointed and decide on Tuttobaco (mixed berries) and Torrone (honey, vanilla and almonds)
- love the almonds chunks and the real berries inside the gelato.. nice and refreshings!

Caffe Latte and Coffee
- love the mugs that they served in.... roast not too strong, great to go with my dessert

Seatings are a little bit cramped and you can hear all the conservations around you.. but hey that's how a busy Italian cafe should feel like! A celebration of life, family and friendship

Free WIFI access!"
"Coffee and Jazz does mix.

Welcome Coffee Jazz Mixer Cafe to the neighborhood. 

The interior is tastefully decorated and bright. Music is quite loud and upbeat. Maybe a little too loud if you want to have a conservation with your date. 

Mainly La Rocca's pastries and cake slices offers here to go with your drinks. Maybe I come back next time to enjoy one of their sweets. 

Cappuccino large ($3.59) is silky but really mellow. Will probably go double shots or regular size. Latte art was a little disappointing, I think that was a orchid?  The mug a little narrow not a easy task to make a good latte art.

The space here is a little tight with tables closely packed together and the bar area against the window is so closed to the tables, doesn't make for comfortable seating.

Weekend jazz nights with live performance sounds promising as they do have a small stage set up at the other side of the cafe.

Specials available for special holidays! Mother's Day Special: Free Americano with purchase of dessert and a free gift to go with every purchase. Check Facebook and Website for update."
"Beer and Patio on a nice summer evening!

I did not order any food, which I usually never eat at breweries and pubs. 

I might not be the #1 fan of Mills Street's products but it is good to see how a local brewery is getting so successful. There are quite a few beer seasonal on tap and even try their bierschnaps at  45% abv.

Since I was sitting at the bar on the patio, I received fast and friendly service from the bartender.

I definitely will be back for some more beer drinking on the patio when I am in the Distillery District. ."
"Mississauga Ribfest is the best ribfest I been to.... I personally think it has the best set up compares to all the ribfests in GTA.

There are enough ribbers here make choosing just the ""Best"" one a little tricky. But thanks for my fellow Yelp friends, I was able to sample 3 different ribbers and we did a little private judging on the sauces, the smokiness and the tenderness.. all for good fun!

VIP Access for $10 that is good for all 4 days! That includes admission/donations, beer sampler mug, access to VIP tents and washrooms and Fast Pass! Definitely a sweet deal especially if one will be here for more than 1 day!

Love the beer option here! Nickel Brook, Great Lakes, Creemore, Granville Island and Cool. Just get one of those $5 tickets and they will fill up your sample mug and it is always fun to talk to these local brewers and reps since they are always really friendly.

The location is perfect! Ample parking! Love the artificial turfs as I know my shoes won't get muddy even during period of severe thunderstorm or I won't be attacked by bugs! 

Entertainment and Sound System here is top notch! Love the huge screen over the stage area, it just feels like a real concert!

I guess I will be back to chill and drink some more beers on Saturday.... 

Thanks Mississauga Rotary, all the sponsors (that includes Yelp) and volunteers that make this Ribfest such a successful event!"
"There are reasons that I don't like using deal voucher as sometimes how business just imposed terms and conditions without being upfront. 

Armed with a $60 voucher promised food and drinks I merrily made a reservation at Sazerac Gastro Lounge now renamed to Cabal as required and hoping for a night of fun. Apparently, I need to order a 3 course (app/main/dessert) each for both of us in order to use the voucher,not even item from the Snack Menu,  which was never stated in the terms?! Finally the management make a deal with us and reluctantly let us ordered:


63° Duck Egg ($12)
- love the taste of truffles

Croquettes w/Dill Aioli  ($8)
- deep fried snack with great flavour

Rouge Chicken ($22)
- love the corn grits on the side, the chicken is dry and bland... 

Sazerac ($12.39) & Marc Etting ($9.73)
- made quite well and balanced

I might come back for a drink or bar snack but doubt will be here for a full sit down dinner."
"OM Restaurant has the honour to be my 500th yelp's reviews.

Om Restaurant serves both Indian and Tibetan Food. 

This is my first experience with Tibetan food. 

Jasha MOMO = Dumplings (Tibet), Devil (Filipino) My dog (in my world)
The momo here is quite good. The stick is a little thicker than the Chinese ones I used to and they are less juicy/soupy. I am of course a fan of the spicy sauce. 

Masala Chai = Indian Milk Tea with Indian Spice and Herb
The Indian Milk Tea is really rich and milky which give it a nice and silky texture. It really reminds me of the HK style Milk Tea I enjoy. The only difference is the touch of ginger and cardamom. Of course the whole milk and the sweetener here is heated together over the stove. I love it! (I am not thinking about fat content and calories!)

Chicken Vindaloo not equal to Chicken Curry. Vindaloo suppose to be the King of Curries which is actually Portuguese in origin. when it arrives in Goa, India it had been modified by adding plentiful amounts of traditional spice and using malt vinegar instead of red wine. I love the spice inside! Not just hot but has depth in it.

Chilli Pork = a Tibetan dish makes with Pork Belly which 80% is fat cooked in more chilli oil with real hot pepper. Pork Belly is the fattest part of a pig and for some it is the most flavoured and yummy part. It is spicy for sure and I really enjoyed eating the fresh pepper inside. I hope someone would thinks those are green onions and just eat them by mistakes!

Thanks for my fellow yelpers making my 500th yelp reviews so special. Not only organizing a food crawl in somewhere I never been Parkdale, Taking me to new places, Trying out new food, sharing my meals, laughters and a wonderful time!"
"No lines!! No one!! Love this L'Avenue location.

We were seated right away for breakfast brunch on a weekday. 

My friend willingly to share an order of Egg Benedict with me. Thanks so much! I still have nightmares about my last visit when no one wanted to share anything with me and I ended up being so stuffed and could not even think about eating until dinner time!

Love the option for a split order with an additional $2.50 charge, you can have your own fruit skewer and potato.

Everything was perfect from the food to the service.

A truly 5 star experience without the price tag!"
"Group Buy Coupon led me to District on this Sunday evening!

Modern and Chic deco... a great dating place... unfortunately I am with my girlfriend, the last thing I thought of was being romantic with her....all I think about was food..and both of us were a little disappointed.

Seaweed Salad ($8)
- The best dish we ordered for the night.
- Seaweed and Avocado offered contrasting texture and taste...but really complimenting each other!

Sushi Platter ($17)
- Nice presentation 
- fish selections was quite good...I still not crazy about nigri sushi that do not have any wasabi inside...maybe I am just picky!

Tempura Udon ($12)
- Big portion but I find the tempura batter a little on the heavy side
- They should have serve the tempura separately as when the udon arrived at our table, all the tempura got all soggy from sitting in the soup
- The Dashi broth though was quite tasty.

District has to be one of the nicer and more trendy Japanese restaurant in Leslieville, worth a visit if you are in the area. But doesn't worth your while if you have to make a special trip!"
"This Starbucks located right at the corner of Queen and Ossington has an unique set up.

High Ceiling in the centre with communal table and a lot of bar stools around the huge windows overlooking the street. If you want more privacy, there is a loft area with a whole bunch of table for 2.

Great location to meet up before an evening night out for some food and drinks in the area.. or even for some espresso that might help with the hungover on a Sunday morning!"
"I LOVE Pain Perdu!! I wish there is a French bakery like that in my hood!! 

Open daily from 8 AM - 6 PM... it is a great place to grab some croissants, a coffee.. and meet up with your buddy. 

When I walked into this little place.. the first thing I smell were butter, carbs and baked goods!! This is the prove that they do prepare their pastries and bread on site.. The smell was so intense... and so delicious and yes I am sold! 

Almond Croissant ($ 2.40) 
- I really admiring and smelling my croissant before I bite into it.. it looks so perfect.. glossy looking (thanks real butter), firm...and unreal! 
- hmmm and I have to tell you it tasted better than it looks! 
- flaky all over... not doughy at all.. (thanks real butter) 

Raisins Croissant ($2.80) 
- At first I thought those were chocolate bits on top... but no.. those are raisins.. Sorry I just cannot eat raisins.. but if you love it.. you will be delighted because wait till you have a bite.. there are tons and tons of raisins inside.. 
- My friend like raisins.. I should have force her to get chocolate so at least I can try that! 

Cafe Mocha ($3.50) 
- So pretty... decorated with a little strawberry on the side 
- Tell me those are not whipped cream on top! My friend really enjoyed that.. but I think that is just too too fattening for me! and I bet you that 2% milk is NOT used! 

Cappuccino ($2.99) 
- Good strong roast...and went well with my croissant! 

Pain Perdu is such a cute little place... yes so French and so cozy and so warm and so fattening!! But eating here worth every calories and fat content!"
"Maybe I should not have given Timothy's World of Coffee a 2 star... but with Starbucks just across the street... this Timothy's just cannot compare. 

Everywhere feel dirty.. newspapers scattered everywhere.. Just dusty and sticky and the windows so dirty... and furnitures are really worn out too!

For the background music, they just turn on the radio... listening to commercials and sipping my coffee just not doing it!! 

I think the only good thing about Timothy's is they do have more selections in drip coffee brewing for the day and a lot of empty seatings... no one really here... 

The crowd here are older, much more older........... hardly anyone aside from me on their laptops.. I am the geeky and nerdy one here for sure! 

For WIFI access, you do need to ask for the pass code but there are also a lot of unsecured signals when I did a WIFI search."
"3.5 Star

PES·CA·TAR·I·AN

/peskterēn/

a person who does not eat meat but does eat fish and seafood

Pescetarians (sometimes called pesco-vegetarians)eat freshwater and saltwater fish and shellfish in addition to the fruits, vegetables, grains, legumes, eggs, and dairy.

Ufficio is a pescatarian restaurant, which is probably one of the few in town.

Reservation is needed for Summerlicious 2017 (July 7-23)  as it is one of the ""hot"" and must eat restaurants out of all that participate. Easily made using YP Dine either using their website or app!

FOOD

I do like the menu choices ($38) with 4 different to choice from for Appetizer/Main/Dessert and it would be great to come and enjoy with a vegetarian. 

Gorgeous colours and wonderful plating! The ingredients all fresh and in season. I love all the dish I choose and they were delicious!

What impressed me the most is how good their vegetable sides! Usually the afterthought in most restaurant, but here they are as good as the protein! I kind of thinking maybe, just maybe I should have pick the other Mains which are vegetarian!

Overall it is a 4 star experience for food!

Sadly though the service was lacking. Our Bohemian vibe waitress was not presence both physically and mentally. The wait between dish was long and painful, but I kind of expect during Licious time."
"Winterlicious Dinner ($35) experience was A-OK.

Food is good but portions are small..... 

It was definitely NOT a good sight when your dinner mate kept looking at you with hungry eyes... lusting after more food...

We ordered:

Crab soup and lemon crème fraiche - smell good, taste good, but not enough
Charcuterie plate - meh.......

Braised New Zealand lamb shank, wild mushroom ragout and a thyme socca - fall off the bone tenderness
Sea bream Provencal with a bouillabaisse sauce - No sauce will able to make the overcooked fish taste better... and bouillabaisse sauce has no taste at all just the orange colour

Traditional crème brulée - smooth, with excellent vanilla flavour
Moelleux with vanilla ice cream - Warm Chocolate Cake and Ice cream.. awesome!!

The ""Ain't Misbehaving"" ($14) Cocktail I tried here is so so so GOOD!!! Well balanced with just a touch of spiciness... I think it is way better than the food I ate here! 

15% Auto Tip added during the Winterlcious... but the service here is top notch.

I think my dinner mate can eat 3 of the Winterlicious portions and still hungry.... so if you are looking for value, you won't find it here. However, it was a nice romantic place for an intimate dinner experience."
"Bar Crawl #4: Kennedy Lager ($6) and Kronenberg Blanc ($7.75)

Love the set up and the deco of Kennedy Public House. The Communal tables set up at the bar area are just perfect for big groups!

Drink menu is quite diversified including imports/local wines and beers. There are even some interesting mixed drinks (Martinis and Cocktails) from $8.50.

On this snowy Saturday evening, there was even a live band!"
"Now I am scare of anything call Mini. Can a mini really be a mini... not like a freaking Medium with ingredients loaded up like an Extra Large?

Seriously, Dante should have another option call Ultra Mini or Mini Mini and charge a little less... Why, I really want to eat some appetitizer, try some pasta and eat my freaking dessert! Or what if I want to drop by and pig out myself... I going to eat the whole pizza till I threw up?! :)

However, I have to say this is the BEST whole wheat crust pizza I ever have anywhere!! If all whole wheat crust tastes like that.. there will be no need for the regular dough and everyone will be eating a lot healthier.

I love the toppings! All those Feta cheese, fresh tomatoes! Yes all veggie pizza should taste like that and more people will eat that over all those processed meat pizza.

I would definitely stick with pizza next time when I come here and leave room for some dessert AND a Martini! Martini here is $5.95! This is what I call a good deal!

BTW, they do have Lunch Specials!!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"Whiskey!! A whole Wall of Whiskey at The Caledonian!! 

I should have order one of those instead of a beer... definitely next time.

There are quite a few Scottish draft beer in the menu. The Tennent's Lager I ordered which is the best selling pale lager in Scotland was well balanced: crisp with a hint of malt.

The crowd here tonight was quite mix: with families and even a table of seniors with their party hats on at the back room.

Haggis Fritters any one? Thanks for Vivek for sharing his deep fried haggis with a smokey whiskey sauce.  I guess deep fried makes everything tastes better?! It was not gamy at all but has this funny texture of sticking to my mouth.

Service here is top notch! Our server is courteous and efficient and always check in on us.

The Caledonian is surprisingly busy even on a weeknight?! I wondering how it would be on a Friday or Saturday night!"
"This location used to be The Second Cup and now coffee no more and been replaced by bubble tea.

I can see this Ten Ren location get super busy as this might be the only bbt place in this neighborhood North of 16. 

Menu is just like any other Ten Ren and the interior just a tad more crowded since it is quite small.

Great for a snack as getting self combined  combo does give you $3 discount. Food is so so similar to food court quality.

There are also afternoon tea special on weekdays.

Not a bad option if you don't mind the noise level as the place does get really loud.

Staff is young and quick to response."
"I love the rustic feel of Brick Street Bakery... I feel like I have transferred back to the era that I can get something so good, so wholesome, so full of carbs from my local bakery. 

I will suggest not to come here when you are mighty hungry, because everything looks so deliciously good. Sausage Roll oh so round and stuffed, glazed chocolate twist, chocolate/almond croissant can I get them all?? 

It was so crowded on a Sunday afternoon.. I barely able to get inside the door. But I got my oh so buttery/flaky almond croissant ($2) just sniffing the butter aroma.. so heavenly good!"
"Hulshof Farm Market has a great selection of fresh farm produces, vegetables, fruits and baked goods.

Their Peach Crisp ($10) and most of the pies are made with Spelt Flour and Butter. Tasty crust and crunchy peach filling! One of the best peach pie I had.

Love the varieties of fresh seasonal vegetables and fruits. Price might be a little more than other neighbouring farms but everything is clean and orgainized."
"Usually when I visit a Vietnamese restaurant I don't expect to have good services, I just expect it to be clean, quick and cheap.

I walked into Kimpo with the same expectations and I am pleasantly surprised. The storefront just look a little old and dated for a new place? But the inside looks brand new and clean.

The waiter is the most attentive and friendly one I met at a Vietnamese restaurant and I been to quite a few. He anticipated my needs even before I know what I need?! I was the only one in the restaurant so maybe it would be different if the place is busy.

House Special Fukein Noodles Large ($7.95)
- Chicken Soup base is nice and savoury... not oily at all... looks clear but has great flavours... So good on a cold day
- Wish for more yellow noodle, seems to have a huge portion of vermicelli
- Vietnamese Sausages missing and only have a few piece of pork
- garnishes are nice with tons of chives and green onions
- The deep fried shrimp chips would be so much better served separate since it got all soggy when I start eating it

I asked for fresh chili, my waiter came back with 2 types: Thai and Scotch Bonnet.. saying he is not sure which one I like

While the Scotch bonnet  bringing tears in my eyes, he got me another napkin without me asking... 

I definitely will be coming back to Kimpo as there are not too may good decent Pho places in the area.. and I need my Vietnamese food fix often!!"
"24/7 H Mart near Finch Subway Station. 

Great collection of Korean snacks and the prepared food is 20% off after 9 pm. I can see how busy and convenient for all the people living or partying in the area.

The meat and food selection might not be the freshest but just think that you can pick up some fresh produces at 3 am? Priceless!"
"3.5 Star rounded up to a 4 Star

Stone Cafe is a new Hong Kong Style Cafe replacing New Broadway which used to be Broadway. 

The interior is clean and simple. The staff is super friendly and even fills up my tea cup! Service is excellent compare to others HK Cafe I been to. The waiters are from previous New Broadway..

Menu has a choice of HK Cafe staples and of course specials any time when one drops by for a quick meal.

Lunch Specials from $5.50/Afternoon Tea Specials from $3.50/All Day Specials from $4.99.. And of course they do have their house special Hot Stone Pot rice.

Cuttlefish Balls/Seaweed Noodle Soup with drink ($4.99) plus a side order of Veggie ($1.00) is definitely A-OK. Maybe a little on the smaller size portion wise but great as a light and healthy snack.

Free Wifi just ask for the password. And in my case, the friendly waiter just told me even before I asked!

10% Grand Opening Special. I guess I will be back for some cheap eats!"
"Best Friend Chinese is one of those forgettable Chinese food joint..... One of those that I went and ate and totally forgot I have been there? And doubt I would be going back again?

We ordered a few things to share... What did we order?? 

Braised Beef Noodle Soup
Wonton Noodle Soup
and More Soup

Everything were a little off.... but big portion and reasonably priced.

Huge Menu.. a little overwhelming...

Why we ended up with all soup?!"
"La Villa Fine Foods is a bakery at Port Credit that carries freshly baked goods: Bread, Pastries, Sweet and some Italian grocery items.

La Villa seems like a nice neighbourhood bakery where locals can pick up some freshly bake goods and hot food and frozen entrees. 

Croissants: Spinach/Feta and Bacon/Cheese ($2 each) are quite good value. I especially love my Spinach and Feta cheese one since it was packed full of spinach inside and the croissant itself was crusty and flaky!

Drop by La Villa if you are in the area, but does not worth making a special trip just to go there... especially if you are in the Woodbridge/Maples area where there are so many similar and better Italian bakeries!"
"I did not really do my actual shopping in Future Shop. I was just here for a internet order pick up. 

Maybe I would get better service if I had purchased my TV directly from a Sale Associate. I was not offered any help to load my TV in the car until a more senior staff saw me struggling with my purchase.

The cashier that cashed me out did not even look at the total purchase price on my invoice and wanted to charge me more based on the sale price that day instead of the actual price I placed my order which is $50 more and even told me that it was the extra Environmental fees.

Staff just have this I don't want to be here vibe.... I hope they might not have a job if people just buy everything from internet if we never get any real customer service anyway!"
"I just love the location of Gare Centrale! 

Nothing beat able to walk to my hotel which is less than 10 minute away after getting off the train. If not, the Metro is readily available if you need to travel to other area in the city.

The waiting area has high ceilings and various Art Deco details makes waiting for my train a pleasant experience.

There are also a few food and retail options right in the hall area.

I can't wait to take VIA Rail back to this station for another weekend in Montreal soon!"
"Cafe No 8 is another Hong Kong Style Cafe in Richmond Hill. 

The place is a little run down and in need of renovations. 

Great value for afternoon tea set $3.75 includes a noodle of some sort and a drink.. great selections and choices and decent portions. Good if you are here for a late lunch since it starts at 2:00 pm. 

The Milk Tea is a little weak though but nice and hot! The Spaghetti with Meat Sauce I cannot comment of the pasta being al dente but is good in full filling my carb cravings.. 

A nice family working in this restaurant from the front to kitchen.... 

Cash only!"
"Longchamp Pub does have a homey and a small town feel.

Basic deco and furnishing with some wood works. The colours and style of the armchairs does have this retirement home vibe. 

Surprisingly the draft selection is quite decent: King Lager, Steam whistle, Krombacher Lager and Dark, Stella, Rolling Rock...

Services is quite fast and friendly. I cannot comment on the food but at least our beers were nice and refreshing!

Definitely drop by for a drink next time you are in Kleinburg. 

12/15"
"I have no idea that Fushimi is an AYCE restaurant. There are no menu or any signage that indicate that it is, all I saw ""Authentic Japanese and that sucked me in.

From their website: ""FUSHIMI, derived from the French and Japanese language, truly reflects upon the delectable cuisine of our restaurant. 

As the Executive Chef of Manhattan's finest International 5-Star hotel, head chef MICHAEL LEE have created unique dining experiences for guests and visitors for over 20 years. Now he is bringing this 5-star French and Japanese fusion experience to Toronto. With dedication, creativity and passion, FUSHIMI promises to take Japanese fusion to the another level.""

Frankly, as an AYCE Japanese place, Fushimi is quite decent. I don't see any ""Fusion"" nor ""French"" influence at all in the dishes I tried. And as usual people going to AYCE is just trying to eat as much as possible and be stuffed?! I really doubt they expect a ""5 star"" experience with a $12.99 Lunch??

- Steamed shrimp Meat Dumplings
- Avocado Salad with Sesame Dressing
- Hibachi 4 oz steak (done perfectly medium rare but just drowned in sauce)
- Salmon Sushi
- Unagi Maki
- Spicy Scallop Maki
- Shrimp Tempura (shrimps were fresh and were not mushy)
- Sesame Ice Cream

All done quite well. I was quite surprise to find that all the rolls and sushi were not over stuffed with rice....

Services were lacking.. though the staffs are nice and friendly but lack the training.

I was seated with no one asked me what to drink or if I ready to order till I waved one down. I was without tea until after my first order arrived and I asked the waitress again to get me some tea.

It also took me awhile to get my bill, even the restaurant was empty at 3:00 pm.

Fushimi is just another Chinese ran Japanese AYCE.... if you don't have any ""5 star"" expectation you will be ok. And I don't find anything fusion or French with all the items I ordered, maybe I am missing something?"
"The only reason I was here for dim sum at Grass Mountain Villa, because of the 20% off for early bird before 11 AM and afternoon tea after 2 PM. 

I would NOT have pay full prices for dim sum here.. Prices point is quite high for the quality of food and the level of services IMHO. 

S($2.60)/M ($3.60)/L ($4.60)/ XL (5.60) regular priced. 

- Steamed Shrimp Rice Noodle definitely doesn't worth $4.60.. 
- Chicken Feet MEH!! Skip!! Not tender and the skin were tough 
- Deep fried Shrimp Dumplings though is L but fresh shrimps and not oily even it was fried in oil 
- Beef Balls 
- Steamed Beef Ribs 
- Sai Mui 
- Steamed bun with Sesame and Egg Yolk (the to order item in the menu) 
- Durian Tart!!! Oh Durian Tart!! I ate all 3 of them.. has strong flavour and if you can't stand the smell, you will not even touch it! (my friends did not want ANY!!) 

We all agreed the dim sum were decently good.. but the service here really suck!! The wait staffs have this talent of pretending they don't see you even if you wave your hands like crazy. The restaurant was not even that busy. My friend commented that they seems being pay to be just standing there... doing nothing!!"
"I love Wonderland... huh? 

Sorry! Wrong business listing... 

oh... no this is the right one... Tea Shop 168... I didn't mess up again?! 

I love Wonderland's funnel cake way way better than what Tea Shop 168 served up! Maybe Wonderland one does not have all these fancy names that are really the same thing...... 

Red and White?? ($8.50) Strawberries with Vanilla ice cream 
- The cake itself was crispy... I don't like my funnel cake crispy... it tasted more like chips... dry and crispy... 

Why I keep thinking about Wonderland when I am Tea 168? 

I just go to Wonderland and have that funnel cake soft served ice cream.......mmmmm... doughy, creamy and delicious... well worth the calories!"
"All these hype about Marathon Cafe's winning Milk Tea maybe hard to understand. 

This newest Marathon Cafe in Richmond Hill though is one of the nicest Hong Kong Style Cafe to chill...

It operates more like a self serve coffee shop where you order and pay for your food, pick up your drinks and the food will deliver to your table.

This location is a lot more spacious than Scarborough. +0.5

Free Wifi! and Chinese TV program for you to enjoy.

Food is so so and with a limited menu. I wish my tea is served in a real ""HK Milk Tea Style"" cup...

Milk tea quality can be a hit or miss... since the winner is not really at the counter and make that winning tea for you when you visit! 

Cash Only!"
"Sharing a parking lot with T&T Supermarket making this Starbucks one to avoid. I just could not be stressed out fighting for a parking space with one of the grocery shoppers! I just want to chill out and have a cup of coffee.....that's all I want! 

Easter Sunday early evening I decide to give this Starbucks location a try... There are some 20 minute limits parking spaces right in front but I know no way I going to stay for just 20 min!! Luckily I found a spot a little down on the other end of the lot. 

Getting a seat here can be challenging!! Getting a seat near a power outlet is ultra challenging! There are no outlets at all in the front of the store..and all the seats were taken by students or friend's of staffs at the back... I gave up hope.. swearing I would not be back!! 

Finally being persistent, finally people getting ready to leave since it was time for dinner and a lot of seatings at the back opened up! I guess timing is everything... So I am happy using their WIFI and sipping some Bold of the Day coffee! 

Roma sighting!! I saw Roma M just waltzed by in front of me.... It is just hard to believe, the first time I ran into her when we both frequent Starbucks in the area."
"So Officially now there are 2 Starbucks inside Vaughan Mills.

This is a brand new Starbucks that opened recently in the new 4A section inside Vaughan Mills. 

This location though looks like a stand alone store but has no seating at all. So order your drinks and take it to go and chill out at one of the comfy sofa inside Vaughan  Mills.

Service friendly and fast with a smile.

Pre Christmas Sale already on with 40% discount on all Holiday merchandise."
"I had been to Golden Jade Restaurant when it was at Silverstar Blvd and I found it was OK. So no surprising my experience here at their location is similar.

The Afternoon Tea menu seems to have a more choices compares to the last time I visited.

Beef Brisket with Noodle and Choice of Drink ($6.50) is quite filling as it has good amount of protein and carbs. 

The restaurant itself can get a little stuffy with its sun room like set up. Great to have all these natural light from all the windows but they better has their AC on high during summer. 

Staff is nice and friendly. May worth coming by if you are in the area.

Cash Only."
"I have been drinking Falcon Red Falcon Ale and Laggar Falcon Lager since back when they first start out. You can still get those from your local LCBO stores.

And now they finally have their own brewery, bottle shop and taproom! I like their line of beers which has all these playful names and themes!

The tasting area is spacious and you have the full view of the brewing area. You can choose any 4 beers on taps to create your own beer flight at $5.50. Or if you not really sure what you like, the friendly staff is ready to assist or give you a taste.

You can get some of the beers in bottles or if you get a growler, you can fill that up with any beers on taps!

I ended up getting the Canada Gose... Love the label design and it is perfect to drink on a hot summer day.

So worth dropping by when you in the area! As almost all the one they have on draft you cannot find them in the Beer stores!"
"Crepe it Up's crepe definitely is NOT the best crepe I have in Toronoto... but it is decently good especially it is inside Gerrard Square. 

I would not say one bite I am in love and I felt like I am at a French cafe surrounded by goodlooking French waiters calling me ""Madam"".. But it is just the pick up I need... the sugary high I urgee when walking around Gerrard Square.

Chocolate and Hazelnut Crepe ($3.20)
- I found the crepe itself is a little heavy, a little doughy...
- at least it is freshly made... and warm and soft... (just like a French lover's kiss?)

The server, cashier and cook was a nice Chinese lady... but it is Gerrard Square.. No?"
"Shooting photos of Black Balls, White Balls, trying to get the best angle... and talking about Buns... bending over... (Am I  at a Dirty Chinese Place talking Dirty?)

Too bad no (chicken) feet sucking (as our guest of honour is not into that!)... or something more kinky... as the menu here at Regal Palace is quite basic and limit in selections..

How can one even think the above words can be used during a traditional dim sum restaurant that has 20%off Senior Specials!!

Edwin A even forgot what's he ate... or taste.. since we never have the Siu Mai..... 

I wish the food were served more steaming hot, service can be more attentive and the watered down tea ($1.20/person) could be stronger.

The dim sums were ok.. but I definitely have better ones... and now some will argue because since those are ""healthier"" version.. and they will never be as good as the ""REAL"" ones!

Regal Palace is a nice and quiet place for dim sum lunch as long as you don't mind paying the price..... no discount for us yet since we are still a few years before we consider as Seniors...."
Closed for Business replaced by Senwell Vegetarian Cuisine http://www.yelp.ca/biz/senwell-vegetarian-cuisine-markham#hrid:T1qBy7w7BDUl1VXjvWHa2Q/src:self
"Moksha Yoga Uptown is a nice little yoga studio. I love the location as it it right on Yonge Street surrounded with lovely stores and nice restaurants.

I do like the decoration of hardwood floor and dark wall and furniture.. it does give a sense of warm and coziness to the reception area.

I do find it really strange that the change room provides shower facilities but not washroom facilities?? Of course I was the one that freak Rana L out by suggesting that people do their business while taking showers :)

The class itself is one of the best Moksha class I took in any location. The instructor is really nice and friendly and try giving more personality to the usual routine Moksha class. She was great going around and checking and make sure we doing the poses right!

Advice: Hiding at the back is useless! Your instructor is going to go check on you regardless where you are! :) 

The room is so hot! Insanely hot! Everyone was dripping in sweat.. puddles of sweat on the floor.. I could not even take photos because my lens all fogged up! I kind of a little gross out to step on other people sweat and even the carpet runner outside the practice room is soaked with sweat!

I do appreciate that Moksah Yoga Uptown do offer non heated classes! I think now they realize it is the way to go. Yoga is NOT just heated... too hot sometimes is not a good thing and it is good to give your clients more varieties in classes to keep them coming!"
"Menchies Frozen Yogurt is a wonderful and refreshing experience. 

There are so quite a few flavours to choose from and the best is you can do a self serve tasting test before you decide on which one! or 2 or 3!! Great for people that love to have a taste of everything and could not make up their mind.

Of course the reassuring of the fro yo being fat free, low fat do makes the eating experience more enjoyable. One thing is try to load up on the toppings/syrups do seriously add up not only the calories, fat content and the prices!

The late opening hours for sure is great!! You can have your Duffs Wings next door and a beer or 2 before heading over for some delicious treats..

Though don't get too excited because you might be for a surprise when you find out that your designer fro yo dessert cost almost $10!!"
"Menu is quite limited at Oriental Rice Noodle. The main item is Cross the Bridge Noodle from Yunnan Cuisine. You order the soup base and you will be served with some toppings that you can added into the boiling hot broth.

The best thing here is you can have free additional noodle. The broth did stayed really hot for a long time so you can order the extra noodle either when you placed your initial order or a little later if you still hungry.

There are also some snacks and side dish to choose from. 

Service is prompt and friendly. The decor is nice and the restaurant itself is quite spacious.

Not a bad choice if you have some noodle cravings when you are in the area. Since sharing the same parking lot as the busiest T&T supermarket, you can imagine how hectic the parking situation can be on the weekends.

Cash or Debit only"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Ippai.

I definitely recommend this place for a nice quiet lunch. Lunch set starting from $5.95 that includes soup, salad and dessert! 

We decided on the Sushi lunch set for ($10.95) and Extra Spicy Ramen ($9.95) a la carte.

For the Ramen, there is a choice of level of spiciness from 1 - 5. At first I want to try the 5, but the waitress giving us a freak out look.. and strongly against that... ok then 3 with hot sauce on the side.

The sushi I found it is just ok. The fish and the tempura roll are both really tasty. However, I found the sushi rice a little mushy, a little overcook.

For the Ramen is just ok. The noodles are nice with a lot of texture. There is quite a lot of bean sprouts inside. But the toppings has only 1/2 egg, 1 tempura shrimps and 1/2 piece of crabsticks. I found that a little bit disappointing for a Ramen that cost $10! I really dislike is those bits and bits of tempura batter in the soup, they turned really nasty tasting when soaked in the soup for long period of time!

The green tea pudding that comes with the lunch set though is really tasty! I think that is the best part of the lunch....

The service is friendly and attentive. It is exciting to have new restaurants up at the suburbs that open late!! We need more excitment up here! :)

I will definitely be back to try out some other items on the menu.. 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard"
"Kenzo Japanese Noodle House opened a new location in the Annex. 

The decoration is more chic and modern compared to their Dundas Street location which is more traditional Japanese. Bright lighting and a lot more spacious.... 

The service is fast and friendly. Seems like there are more waitstaffs working and we were here for an early pre dinner snack so we were seated quickly and served immediately! 

We ordered the Miso Ramen ($6.95) and Tonkotsu Ramen ($8.95). Their machine for Tacoyaki not working that day, would like to try that. 

Tonkotsu broth is really rich, milky in colour and with tons of ""porky"" flavours.. We both prefer that to the Miso Ramen.. The Miso Ramen is of dark miso based just lack some complexity to the broth.... 

Noodle was nicely cooked... a little chewy with a lot of texture... Slurp Slurp Slurp! 

I have to make a note about the Chasu, after eating at all 3 Kenzo Ramen locations.. I have to say the one up at North York is the best! Here the chasu is cut really thin, a little dry... and they don't have that little smokey flavour since they did not grilled them before serving.... 

Here also they don't have the set menu (basic Ramen+3 gyoza) like what they offer up at North York. Green Tea is $1 charge. 

I am glad that there are more and more Ramen restaurants in TO! If you are in the area, it is great to have a steamy hot Ramen on a chilly winter day! 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I have no idea why D & R Wing's is called D & R Wing's!! Guys, don't get too excited.. this is not a Chicken Wings and Beer drinking place.. they don't even has a LCBO license and you won't find any of their TV showing any sport games,  it is just another HK style Chinese Cafe!

Lunch Specials from $5.99 that includes a soup and tea/coffee and yes you have to endure the indifferent services unless you are one of the regulars. All these older male regular patrons flirting with the waitresses did give me some sort of entertainment aside from the Chinese TV program showing on one of their TVs.

Curry Chicken Lunch Set ($5.99)
- There is nothing authentic about HK style cafe's curry.. it is more like a yellowish coloured curry look alike gravy with dark chicken meat and potato flowing inside
- Huge portions of rice that will make any rice loving guys or growing teens happy

D & R Wing's Restaurant is always crowded!! As I overheard the older couple next to me just finishing up lunch specials and now discussing what they should order for afternoon tea specials.. and I won't be surprise they might linger around till the dinner specials!!

Cash Only!"
"Don't you hate that!! 

Sorry, We accept anything BUT Amex!!! 

American Express has great line up of credit card brands... Airmiles, Starwoods, Aeroplans, Amex Rewards, Cash Back, Costco, Holt Renfew (my head starting to spin!) . but you can have every single card in your wallet but so many stores are not taking it!!! 

I have to say the acceptance is getting better but if you have a fee paying card, you really want to use it every opportunities you got and recoup all the benefits. 

AMEX please be nice to the merchants and work on acceptance and you will be the credit card everyone wants to have in their wallets!

BTW, Costco is the only place that would tell you ""Sorry, we ONLY accept AMEX!!"""
"When it is cold and snowy outside and the BBQ season is over, I always have this Harvey's Burger Attack.

Their burgers are one of my favourite comfort food. 

I used to go to the location at McCowan and Hwy 7 but with Congee Queen and several other restaurants opened up at that plaza, parking is just a nightmare.....

Thankful, this location opened up in my neighbourhood and now is my Go To location. 

The service always good and polite. And I just that fresh off the grill taste..

This location used to be a CIBC, but I am glad that now is a Harvey's!!"
"Les Chateaux Bakery is located in Times Square Mall. 

Never as busy as Richmond Court Bakery right across as the selections are minimum.

The normal selections of Chinese style buns: BBQ Pork, Hot Dog Sausage, Ham and Egg....

But surprisingly they have quite a few trays of Meringue on display.. in various sizes and flavours.

I highly recommend their custard tarts here! They have 3 diferent types: the normal egg custard, the portuguese style and the egg white style. I love the super flaky crust... and taste even great the morning after when heated up at a toaster oven!

They also serves light breakfast and lunch with their limited Hong Kong Style Cafe menu.. which I suggest to pass as there are much better restaurants around the area!

Cash Only!"
"Hearty Warm Lobster Roll Combo ($9.99) was tasty. I love their crispy fries with the perfect crunch but not oily at all.

Since they uses the small lobster tails as filling, the texture is not as bouncy and firm as some pricier lobster roll. You do get what you pay for. But the taste of lobster is intense and I really enjoyed that.

And for the $1 drink, I highly not recommend their hot drinks especially lemon tea. The tea had been made quite awhile and it has this bitter taste and was so strong!

I will be back when I have craving for a quick snack. But as that price point, not too often."
"Slurp Slurp Slurp! I love Kenzo Ramen! Now I know where to get my Ramen fix when I am Uptown!

Small storefront in a strip plaza we almost miss it even when we are walking along Yonge Street. 

King of King Ramen oh so tasty! I found the broth here is more spicy and have more kick than the one down at Dundas. Love the grilled marks on the tender chasu. The noodle here is ok, for texture and chewy wise not as good as Konnichiwa. 

I love their Gyoza here! If like me have nightmares after eating those frozen, then deep fried packaged like Gyoza that served in a lot of places.. what they made here are so good!! The skin is light and thin, closed to transparent! Size wise they are a little smaller than the ones downtown though.

Service here is nice and friendly. I doubt this place will get too busy compare to the downtown locations.

Free parking at the back... try not to park in the front, because you will have a hard time trying to back out to Yonge Street during rush hour!

BTW, this Kenzo gives customers free tea.

They accepts VISA and Mastercard."
"For this year Passport to Prana, I have the honour to join my fellow yelpers for a UYE at Yoga Sanctuary!

I think the front desk was a little surprise to have all these people showing up for the same class all using the Passport! But this is a nice location since the studio practice room is huge! It can really fit 40+ people.

The instructor is so nice and cheerful! Her voice is so calm but encouraging.. the poses were all explained thoroughly. It is nice to have someone demo the poses in the front of the room so the students can follow. The room is a little warm..but it is perfectly great for an ashtanga class. 

We all feel energized and relax after the class with the extra long Savasana.

Though the facilities is not as good as other yoga studios.. but the instructors, the atmosphere really makes Yogs Sanctuary an excellent choice for devoted yogi like me! :)

BTW, I can smell the food from W Burgers downstairs with all the windows open... ""hey, was that grilled meat?"""
"The Coldroom is just one of the coolest speakeasy in Old Montreal.

I did try to find it without the help from the photos in Yelp but I guess I was not one of those that are good in solving clues. I ended up following the tips and photos from my fellow Yelpers.

The vibe here is hip and friendly. Decor has this Prohibition Era feel. 

Great interesting cocktails selections. Love the catchy names and maybe one day I will able to share their Grandpa's Cough Medicine.

Love my bartender as he recommended other speakeasy bars in Montreal for me to explore.

Highly recommended"
"Now I know why I have been coming to St Philiips whenever we have time to kill,

""When I was enjoying my Porchetta Sandwich, I thought to myself that this would be a good place to bring a friend for coffee & dessert outside of the lunch/dinner rushes.  It had a certain VIBE to it that can allow you to chat while watching people come in and out holding boxes of pastries and breads."" - WaYnE c.

The fact that there is CP24 and TVs on whatever channels does help with the certain VIBE.

Cappuccino ($2.50) always A-OK. 

Sweets or a quick croissant always tasted good. There are so many to choose from: plain, sweet (almond, chocolate) and savory (ham & cheese, pepperoni, broccoli, sausage roll, pizza bun, prosciutto roll..)

I wondering when I will be back again, but it will be soon!"
"Asian Legend still a solid 4 star experience for me after all these years. I have been coming for lunch on Saturdays quite often and I have yet have a bad experience. Everything is really consistent from the service which is excellent to the quality of the food. Staff here always polite, fast on their feet and offers really professional service that I have yet found in other Chinese restaurants.

Now they have a brand new lunch menu which offers their staples in smaller portion which is perfect if you are dining alone or as a table of 2 as you can order more to share.

My favourite dumplings is the Steamed Chicken Dumplings comes in an order of 4 or 6, as it is always juicy and has shitake mushrooms which is quite unique. Their noodle dish is always solid.

Worth a repeat visit."
"Location Location Location!! Right at Yonge and Bloor Subway Station underground PATH! 

One of the busiest Starbucks location I been too... Not a place for one to chill or take a nap. Always a line up of people dropping in to pick up their coffee before their subway ride.

Wifi is awesome! Especially when you are at Yonge and Bloor and not sure where to go or what to do? Just log in here and you can plan your whole day with the Yelp App! 

Where should I go for dessert after having my coffee?"
"Winterlicous 2012 Dinner ($35) at Lee was quite delightful.

No Susur is NOT in the house but I am here to taste the food, not to see him.

Making a reservation even on a Monday is wise because this place does get busy and filled up. Don't expect a quiet romantic atmosphere here.... the noise level can be quite high at time, but at least the lighting is dim and dark enough!

The services was a little slow to start with, then my waiter realized I was not waiting for anyone... I am ready to order, ready to eat and ready to go to the Yelp event.

Lee's pot stickers with salted chilies
- they looks hard of hard but when I bite into one, it was surprising soft and the wrapping just have the right texture and thickness
- The chillies just gave the sauce a little kick... a little salty, a little sour and a little spicy

Slow braised beef with sour cream, potato leek purée & crispy shallots 
- This definitely taste beef brisket I used to but with a more intense flavour
- The gravy from the beef is thick and heavy
- hearty and comfort food

Chocolate Banana Cake
- Warm Chocolate cake?! that's all I need to know!!
- As always the dessert is really the best part of the menu....

I really appreciate how the server always explain the ingredients in every single dish that serves... so I don't need to guess what exactly I am eating in the dark.

I need to come back and try out the Singaporian-style slaw (btw Gourmet Malaysia does serves that but usually over the Chinese New Year) and their Top Chef Green Curry Chicken."
"Pet Culture is a great pet supplies store with great knowledgeable staffs. 

I was greeted warmly and the staff was really willing and eager to help! 

They carries Orjens, Acana, Wellness and other premium pet food and treats. 

There are also pet supplies for your rabbits, birds, hamsters and the fish.... 

Oh yes, there are some gourmet dog biscuits that smell so good, I almost want to have a taste of them!"
"Browsing around Downtown Camera is such a pleasant experience! I have to say this is the best stocked camera accessories stores I been to in Toronto... 

Great selections of Tripods in a huge price range, light diffuser, lens, filters, protectors and bags... 

Staffs are nice and friendly and approachable... and eager to help.

Prices are really comparable to other retail stores..

I would definitely suggest you drop by and check out what Downtown Camera before you made your next purchase!"
"I wonder if this Sam May related to this Sam May http://www.yelp.ca/biz/sam-may-chinese-bbq-food-scarborough? 

Located in the same food court as the famous and busiest HK style food joint Great Fountain http://www.yelp.ca/biz/great-well-fast-food-scarborough#query:great%20fountain, the competition for price and value is fierce! 

$3.99 can get you either a Roasted Pork or Soya Sauce Chicken with rice, soup of the day and a soy drink.. now that's what I call cheap!! Ultra Cheap for cheapo like me? 

But since tonight is Saturday, I decide to splurge and treat myself to:

Roasted Duck and BBQ Pork ($5.25) 
- a wholesome meal with protein, vegetables, grains, tofu.. 
- Chinese soup: preserved vegetable with pork 
- A healthy soy drink that good to clench your thirst from all the salty food! 
- roasted duck was on the skinny side, hardly any meat.. 
- BBQ pork was not bad.. has a good mix of lean and fatty part 
- Rice was dry and soaked in the sweet soya sauce 

I gave Sam May at Glen Watford a 3 star as it is a lot cleaner than the other location and the staff is a lot nicer.. 

And the soy drink is a nice touch... I love soy drink! :)"
"Since I enjoyed my lunch experience, I decide to come back for dinner! I decide to come back on a Monday because on Monday with the coupon online, we can get a complimentary Sashimi set A which is around ($13)! I cannot let good deals go!

This time, we ordered the hot pot rice. Yes you have to make so much choices.. first pick the sauce, then the meat, then 3 vegetables. We decided on the soy sauce based with beef and carrots, spinach and Japanese Mushroom ($9.95). For Ramen, I decided to try the Extreme Spicy Cold Ramen ($9.95) with level 4 spicness! We also order the Bake Mixed Fungus($7.95) as appetitzer.

Our Sashimi arrives quickly! They are nicely presented and they taste fresh too! All the slices are thickly sliced.. so they did not go cheap because it is complimentary!

Just DO NOT order the baked fungus! There are hardly any fungus inside.. taste is good.. but for almost $8!! this is ridulous! I cannot even take a decent photos of the mushrooms! Where is the mushrooms??

The hot pot rice though is of decent size and taste... you will be full eating that! It is served pipping hot!  I love the spinach and how you can pick you own veggies!

The Cold Ramen! Yes it is SPICY! I think 4 is the most I can eat! It is so spicy that it makes my lips burn...eyes watery... And the pork is much better choice then the ""hot"" spicy version of Tempura shrimp! It is nice and refreshing to eat this on a hot hot day.. however don't order it too spicy it will make you hot hot hot!

The service is just as attentive and friendly on this quiet Monday dinner time.

Should be 3.5 stars but extra 0.5 star for the complimentary sashimi!"
"This Walmart is just crazily busy!! 

Lines.... Lines...even the ""Express"" lines have over 10 people waiting at times..

You might have problems if the products are on sale since they always runs out of even normal everyday products as the associates never have time or fast enough to fill up the shelves.

Ample parking though as Agincourt Mall is practically dead aside from Walmart and No Frills customers.

Just breathe and be patient. Don't line up behind me, as I always end up lining up for the slowest line..."
"Le Lab is so enjoyable! A lounge like vibe! 

Love everything here! The cocktails here are all well crafted and balanced! The bartenders having so much fun lighting up everything in flames! What a show!

Service though a little slow in the beginning but did pick up. We tried:

Jerky Jack Lab ($14)
- Spicy Beef Jerky, Homemade BBQ Bitter and Whiskey
- A drink that can be eat like a snack?!Smokey but sweet and spicy at the same time!

Blazer Bastard ($14)
- Ginger Syrup and Brandy served warm! Great to drive away the cold snowy weather during winter

Zombie 1956 ($28)
- A mixture of over 10 elements and the drink is just so well balanced! So refreshing!

Le Royal ($13)
- my Yelp friend seemed to enjoy that very much

Lost Island ($13)
- This is the only cocktails that I didn't enjoy, I have to agreed with my fellow yelper that it did taste like burnt tires

The drinks here are priced reasonably and the combination is just so unique! There are just so many I want to try and of course it is worth a repeat visit next time I am in town!

Menu changed seasonal and there are also some off the menu items on the chalkboard.

If you not sure of what to drink, make sure you talk the the experienced bartenders! And if possible sit at the bar and watch the flaming show!"
"I am always a fan of Saje Natural Wellness but have been shopping online and at Vaughan Mills location.

This Queen Street West location has a nice set up of merchandise display. But on this Wednesday night, it was severely understaffed, 

With only 2 sale rep and a store full of customers, I was never even greeted or have a chance to ask for assistance.

Luckily, I know the products quite well and just in to smell some of the essential and diffuser oils so I could managed on my own.

Hopefully, they would have more staff working over the holiday season!"
"Disclaimer: A Complimentary Classic Room for 1 night, a prize at a Yelp Elite Event.

My stay at Gladstone Hotel was enjoyable! 

Right from the minute I tried booking my room via email because I need to use my certificate. The reservation agent was helpful and friendly. The staffs I encountered during my stay were all professional but has a really laid back vibe.

I stayed in the Puzzle Room (309). The Queen size bed is really firm and comfy so are the fluffy pillows! There is a nice lounge area where all the rooms in my floor shared and complimentary coffee/tea are served every morning.

There are nice amenities in the room includes a Samsung Tablet.. Yes I can Yelp with their free wifi without the need to bring my own netbook!

24 hour streetcar right at your doorstep, but if you are a light sleeper and  have a room facing Queen street, you might need to use the complimentary ear plugs which is one of the amenities!

Gladstone Hotel is definitely a nice boutique hotel if you want to explore West Queen West and the area. Walking distance from a lot of nice restaurants and bars and even shopping!"
"Bacon Cheddar Cheese Crickets or do you prefer the more original taste of Salt N Vinegar?

Or if you prefer, some Mexican Spiced Lavas? I wondering if the spicy is authentic enough?

Of course if you are vegetarian, there are also a lot of other strange and odd candies and treats you would find here at Tutti Fruitti!!

Or if you are more bothering, there are jelly beans? Trust me those are just jelly beans with no ants inside... 

There are also quite a selections of British imports..... but all I want is the Strawberry flavored Scorpion Sucker!"
"Price War is on at this little plaza strip! In order to survive the competition from the vendors in the food court, a new restaurant like HK Garden has to offer quality and value.

HK Garden newly renovated is clean and spacious. Friendly wait staff eager to please with a smile and recommendation.

$2.99 Special after 2 pm dine in Noodle Special that includes a soy milk drink? That is just unheard of in a sit down full service restaurant! So how's the quality. It was excellent! The portion is perfect as an afternoon tea. 

The HK style milk tea that I paid 25 cents to upgrade from soy milk though was so so. Not smooth and really weak. I would not order that again.

Lunch Special for $6.45 that changes daily and All day breakfast/combo/meal set. A great solid menu selection for a HK style Cafe.

Business hour 7 am - 4 pm and closes Sundays.

HK Garden is a good place if you want some good and cheap food when you are in the neighbourhood. Please don't come here with a date unless she/he is as thrifty as you do!"
"Aloft Calgary University is a relative new hotel in the area. As expected, it was clean and modern. I love Aloft's amenities and had stayed in a few of them around the World and never been disappointed.

Staff at the reception/registration is so welcoming. The whole lobby just have this young and energetic vibe.

The room is well appointed with great amenities. Love all these little touches around the room.

Highly recommended and will definitely be staying here again next time when I am in town."
"Good Taste Shanghai Cuisine in located in Commerce Gate. There are at least 2 other restaurants in the same plaza that served similar food. 

The deco of the restaurant is nice and chic. With booth seatings at one side by the window and tables on the other side. There are also larger tables that sits 8 - 10 people at the back.

There are lunch specials from $4.99 - $6.99 which are mainly rice dishes and stired fried noodle dishes. (check photos for details)

I ordered the Eggplant  Vermicell and steam chives dumplings. Yes, that's a lot of food for 1 person.. and No, I did not finish everything.

I was a little disappointed with the Vermicell. The Vermicell is deep fried in oil and the eggplant with sauce is on top. I think this is not really what I expected. I thought the Vermicell will be stir fried together similar as how Asian Legends and a lot of other restaurant would have made it. When the Vermicell is deep fried, it cannot absorb the sauce from the egg plant. The sauce is also really salty, heavy and oily -  1 Star for that!

The dumplings on the other hand is great! I can tell they were freshly made. Steamed to perfection, nice and big and full of soup inside! There are tons of chives and the portk is not hard and chewy. - 3.5 Star for that!

I have to really comment on the chilli sauce condiment jar. This is the most flithy thing I ever see. The outside of the jar is so sticky and oily, and there is a brownish built up on it! - 0 Star for that!!

Good Taste Shanghai would not be the first place in mind if I have craving for Dumplings or Shanghai Cuisine  since there are so many better choices in the area!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Moksha Yoga Richmond Hill underwent a major facelit and renovation 

The waiting area, the change room and the practice room itself all double in spaces! New floorings, new fixture, almost new everything.

Now the practice room has much better lighting than before, the floor to ceiling windows does let a lot of nature light comes in the room on a nice sunny day. The floor now are wooden panelled flooring. 

The lady change room now has 4 showers with wooden partitions, 2 hair dryers and 2 sinks! And they also installed a water machine out in the waiting room instead of having the filtered water from the only sink they have previously! Disappointment is there still no locker facilities.

I also like how they expand their schedules in offering more non Moksha series classes! The Reduced Heat Vinysa Flow class I attended using my Passport to Prana was excellent. Lynda the instructor was really patient in explaining all the poses and walking around doing adjustments for us! She walked around the whole room and make sure everyone doing the asanas properly!! Great energy! Great class!

There are also complimentary fresh fruits at the receptionist area where you are welcome to have a healthy snack before or after the class. 

They are still working on putting more finishing touches to the studio. I can't wait to see how it will be when everything is done."
"Big in Japan is another Speakeasy bar we visited during my Weekend in Montreal.

Coming on a weekday evening, there was no wait at all. But since it was not busy, one might argued it lack that hopping vibe for a night joint.

Cocktails that offers here is more classical with simpler elements. I was hoping for more ""Japanese"" fusion twist. Their Japanese whisky selection though is excellent if you want to try out a few.

We ordered a few drinks which were well crafted. 

Here the star is definitely that bar area which has this unconventional set up of a curving bar."
"Why will I think Woodside Square A-OK?? There are no big fancy anchors stores.. not even a Zeller... 

Woodside Square really serves the local area Asian residents really well. The elderly can really spend the whole day here. 

- Royal Banquet for dim sum 
- 2 Chinese Bakeries they can have their snack and tea 
- Vietnamese Noodles at Xue Lua Vietnamese 
- Spending some time in the Library 
- Doing their grocery at Food Basic 

And there are food choices like McDonald's, Pizza Pizza and Popeye for their grandkids if they do tag along! :P 

Almost all the banks has a branch here RBC, TD and BMO! 

So not surprising you see a lot of stores here are individually owned small businesses and there are a lot of elders hanging around here.. 

When I retired, I don't mind having a mall like Woodside Square within walking distance.. but for the time being, I won't be making a special trip to visit here!"
"This review is based on lunch buffet experience.

Indian food usually is good in a buffet format. But 39 Spices' version has room for improvement. There were over 10 customers while I was having lunch but the buffet for hot food area looked empty. Most of the serving trays where not even 1/2 full and the food was lurk warm. The reason a lot of people likes the buffet experience because they can see all these food they can eat. But here I felt like more what food left at the end of the day?! And it was only around 1 pm then.

0.5 star for the freshly made naan bread which I really enjoyed. It was prepared when ordered and hot to touch! 

Maybe coming here having a real dinner with food prepared when ordered would be a better experience? I would not be back for their lunch buffet but dinner is a maybe."
"Where was my lunch Special menu?! Why I was not offered that at 1:30 pm on a Friday?

Belfiero Trattoria & Pizzeria is a good option if you are in Scarborough and looking for some decent Italian food.

I love the Fettuccine Asparagi ($16) which is house made pasta tossed with chopped Asparagus, Prosciutto, Onion, Parmigiano, Cream and Truffle Aroma. 

Portion size is a little small... I can eat 2 of those with no problem... The sauce was really good which I wiped the plate clean with some nice warm bread.

Why was I not offered any bread until I ask at the end of my meal? Most Italian restaurants I been to give me some bread even when I order or while I wait for my entrees...

I am willing to come back again to Belfiero to try out their Linguine Frutti di Mare ($19)... (My DC will order that for sure!) but hopefully the services will improve...."
"3.5 Star

Big Foot has the BEST drink specials. 

$4 any pint on draft every Saturdays and Sundays! This is like a Happy Weekend Special.. Though there are no fancy imports available but Rickard's will be A-OK for me.. And for my Yelp friend a Blonde. 

There are also enough TVs that no matter where you sit you able to watch the game. A+ for sport fans! 

The only downside is Big Foot can be depressingly quiet as during Super Bowl, there were only 4 customers watching the game. 

Monday wings are buy 1 get 1 free, maybe I will be back for some of those... But I have my eyes on that Beer Tower ($21.99), I guess I will be buying!

The deco here is modern and bartender is superfriendly.. But it doesn't matter much if I going to finish that tower all by myself..."
"Talking about extensive choices!! Here at Aroma Delight Palace you can find everything Northern Chinese here and that includes quite a few Korean dishes!

But don't worry, not every single dishes here are spicy just watch for the little chili next to the item.

Lunch Specials that includes soup, pickles and steamed rice are priced at $5.99 and that includes taxes seems like a bargain! But only offers till 3 pm.. and I was out of luck since I having a late late lunch...

Hot and Sour Lamb Noodle Soup ($6.99) is so generous in portion. I can barely finished all the noodle. The lamb is surprisingly tender and just have a touch of cumin to lessen the gamey taste.

I definitely suggest the lunch specials that even includes Gamjatang (Pork Bone Soup)... I will be back!!"
"This review of Tappo Wine Bar is based on a wedding I attended here in October.

A small intimate wedding dinner/celebration for around 100 guests. Tappo staff was just so wonderful the whole evening providing all the guests with excellent service. 

I was a little skeptical when I found out the dinner was not set up as a fixed menu but with choices for App and Main for each individual guest. But ended up the service was fast and food was excellent. My steak was cooked perfectly Medium Rare and so was my tablemate that requested to have his Medium Well.

The after dinner party was held inside the main dining area and the dinner was held underneath a tent in their patio area worked like a charm.

And the drinks at the bar was well prepared much better than other drinks I had at wedding in a banquet hall.

Definitely recommend if you want to set up a private event at Tappo. You and your guests will have so much fun!"
"I love those Mini Cupcakes ($1.10) from Cupid's Gourmet Cupcakes. 

They are so pretty, colourful and just look great for the photos. 

I found my Prince (Signature chocolate buttermilk cake, dreamy blue vanilla frosting, chocolate shavings) here!! 

I Heart Canada (Maple and cinnamon cake, pure maple syrup frosting, cinnamon sugar sprinkles) is great for Canada Day!! 

The cakes were both moist with great texture and the frosting has perfect sweetness. 

And thinking about it, I should have got 6 of them for $1 each with no tax so I can try more flavours!"
"Cakeview Bakery & Cafe is located in the plaza at Midland and Finch right next to Vietnamese Noodle Star. Good place to go for some dessert or HK style milk tea after your pho fix.

It is really a HK style Western Cafe and a bakery all combine together. This place is really small... if you do eat in, you do have table services but you will have people walking around you buying cakes or using the tongs to get their Chinese buns. The tables are really tight together so it is really in and out place not for a leisure place to slip your tea and enjoy your pastry.

The pastry/dessert/cakes here are more westernize VS other Chinese bakeries and the prices do reflect that. Piece of cake starts at $3.00 and the Macaron at $1.10 a loonie sized piece. They are a tad more creamy and sweet and rich than typical Chinese bakery pastries but nothing compare to the European ones, hopefully, praying they will not be as fattening. The macaron is small and you can kind of pop them in your mouth while you writing yelp reviews and don't even realized that you just ate 6 of those.. yes they are quite tasty!

Breakfast starts at 7:30 AM and have all kind of specials. I might come in for a quite pick up of some milk tea or pastries when I have the cravings!

They accepts Cash only!"
"Churros!! $1 each!

Mama Mia! 

Dulce de leche? Nutella? Cinnamon? Strawberry? Plain?

So many different stuffing for Empanada?! Maybe it is easier to get them all!

Cheap good pastry and sweet as snack.

Just one look and I can hear a bell ring
One more look and I forget everything 
Mama mia, here I go again
My my, how can I resist you?

I don't know why I kept humming the song right away my Churros?!"
"Chocolate = Work of Arts?

Here at The Chocolate Lab, that's how Chocolate is prepared and displayed as such.

Every piece looks so pretty and so colourful. I just feel like order every single one of those. But sadly, good chocolate does come with a cost and I do have a budget.

Staff here is super friendly and cheerful.

I took them back to my hotel and I just want to eat them all as bedtime treats! But sadly, I have to share with someone the next day......."
"I know it is unusual for me to ask my Yelp Friend to meet me at a bar.. a coffee shop maybe? but a bar? There is always a first time!

Hrvati Bar is a great drinking place to meet up with your friends. The large communal table right in the middle of the room give this a beer hall vibe. 

Talk about selections of beers... most of them are imported and all priced reasonable from $4.50 or so. I was a little over whelmed by all the choices as I am not an expert in beer. The friendly bartender was patient in helping me and my Yelp Friend to pick something that we both enjoyed.

Hrvati Bar is definitely an excellent alternative compared to the pubs and Korean drinking establishments in the area. 

I guess I need to come back to try out the food?! Burger any one? Of course I'm going to wash that down with a beer!!"
"Just writing a review for Main Street Burger Shoppe gives me craving for a good burger!

All the beef used here is Certified Angus Beef with a small burger starting from $4.39. Which is quite a bargain as it is how much Harvey's would have charge for their Original Burger which is not even half as good!

And if you want to be a little more fancy, you should try their signature burger. I love The Canadian ($9.50) with peameal, bacon and the use of Maple Syrup gave the burger a more balanced finishing touch.  

Thanks for our CM Kris U for ordering all the sides for us to share. I love the potato chips! But the poutine tasted just as good!

I know I will be coming back and I know I will be ordering a small regular and just loaded it up with toppings and make a mess from eating that!"
"I kind of feeling sorry for Honey Bear.

Maintaining a Taiwanese BBT and food drinks inside Pacific Mall is never easy with all these competition is not easy. And Honey Bear is at a serious disadvantage with its location inside P Mall.

Located in the far end inside the ""Heritage"" area of P Mall. It is not the most convenient location for people just to get a bubble tea. And before getting there, you might have walked passed over 10+ other bbt places.

There are quite a good selections of drink and even snacks. $5 tax in for both of our drinks which is on special. I did enjoy my Kiwi Slush and my friend's Honey Aloe was decent too. And they even have Durian milkshakes and ice.

It is definitely nice to have a separate seating area from the main area but the place was just filthy! The floor was so sticky and tables so dirty when it was not even busy?! Maybe a bear with its jar of honey just came for some BBT?"
"Bingsu!

Soul Cafe is another Korean Cafe that is specialized in Korean Shaved Ice. 

Location wise, it is pretty convenient as it is located on a side street off Yonge beside a roll of restaurants. Perfect to be the dessert stop after you have Mymy chicken just down the street.

I ordered my usual Injeolmi and my friend his favourite Mango.

They also have the Honeydew version which is served in a fresh half honeydew.

Worth coming if you feels like a treat after all the spicy hot Korean food!"
"Target is a better compared to Zellers which used to be at this location before.

But being new, I don't think this Target is ready. A lot of empty shelves as some of the most popular products are sold out and haven't been restocked. Cashiers though polite but painfully slow. If you tried to self check out, you are out of luck as none of them are working!!

The layout of the store is spacious, open and bright.

Not a bad place to browse as there are bargains and they pricematch too!a"
"Deep Fried anything is good drunk food? + Sunday and Monday Game Night 15 wings for the price of 10 is a sweet deal.

My Yelp Friend was hungry and ready to eat after a Yelp Elite Event. Those hot deep fried naked wings dressed in the hottest sauce (not really) or he enjoys to be surrounded with TV monitors of all sizes or The ""nice"" waitress?

For me, I just like to munch on a wing or 2 and watched all the action.. including watch someone ate almost all the wings we ordered.

I will be back for the Specials and to watch a game. Beer list though a little boring.. Why all these signs about Coors Light Specials?"
"All these newly opened Pet Valu in the burbs are all so spacious and well stocked!!

Great place to bring your pet in with you to shop at the same time. 

Staffs are helpful and even ask if I need any help.

Freshly baked cookies by piece so colourful and pretty... I think I would like to try a piece or 2?!

There are though couple of cats in the store...so just in case.. your dogs are not cat friendly... maybe better leave them outside..."
"I was really pissed off (can I use this on yelp??) when the front desk told me I cannot use my passport to prana card because I already used it at the Danforth location. I ended up paying $10 for my class.

I wrote an email to both the organizer of passport and management of Yoga Sancturay. I got a reply from both saying I should not have any problem using my passport at both locations and they all ask me to give it a try! 

I will try to go again before the passport expire and see.

Wish me luck!
3+ is for the email reply that the management did look into the problem and try to address that! :)"
"Song Cook's have to be one of the nicest Korean/Chinese Restaurant I have been to.

When I was greeted by this young Korean man that speak perfect English asking if I want to sit at the table or at the warm seating platform, I know it will be different from the other places I visit.

Prices wise, I am surprise how affordable the prices are. All the items are priced under $10!! 

And this place is perfect for solo diner like me that could not make up their mind since they have 1 person Combo!! Now I can try more than 1 dish without stuffing myself crazy or paying double the price!

Half JaJangMyun + Half ChamPong (Veg, beef, black bean sauce on noodles & spicy seafood noodle soup) - $8.50
- the portions are huge!! I was full after eating the soup noodles...
- Spicy Seafood broth was quite spicy and rich.. not that waterdown version.. definitely have a nice kick to it..
- The seafood though is really small... baby versions of everything... shmrips, squids and mussels
- The Korean version of the black bean sauce noodles was good too. Not too salty with a lot of onions inside.. if you don't like eating onions, you might have to skip this dish.. and of course more raw onion on the side if you want extra!
- Noodle are Homemade... a little chewy with a lot of bite... really light not floury at all.

All the waitstaffs at Song Cook's speaks perfect English so you will have no problem asking questions about the menu... and if you want to practice your Korean too, you are more than welcome. They are all polite and helpful... + 1 star to that!!

No lunch Specials though... but with their price, the quality of their food and services and the nice deco... they don't need lunch specials to bring in the crowds!

They accepts Amex, Mastercard, Visa and Interac."
"I tried to ""walk"" up an appetite before my lunch at La Binerie Mont Royal. I am all for comfort food as I do find comforts when I eating.....

La Binerie does worth a visit... not for the food but for it's history as it was opened at 1938 almost 75 years ago .... and the set up and the menu still remain the same.

Tourtiere ($8.95) is definitely not my kind of comfort food as I found it a little dry, really dry.... 

Boudin Noir with Pea Soup ($10.95) Pea soup though is really comforting.. The black pudding has this gluey texture but I love the apple sauce that comes with it... 

Great place for breakfast/bunch as they serves all day breakfast at a reasonable price..."
"So Soft! So Fluffy! So Light! Just like Snowflakes!

I love shaved ice and Snow Time is probably the best in Toronto! 

I arrived on a weekday around 3:30 pm and the place is 70% full! From order to when my Injeomi Bingsoo with Red Bean ($8.95) was around 10 - 15 minutes. So don't come here if you are in a rush.

I did not expect shaved ice would taste like this. The ice was shaved so small and delicate. There were layers of toppings in between and I love the chewiness of rice cake and the crunchiness of the almond! 

I ate the whole thing by myself... but it is good enough to share as a snack. The staff is more than happy to give you a takeaway cup if you ended up not finishing.

$10 tax in might be a little pricey. but worth the occasional indulgence! 

I will be back!"
"Pikolo Espresso Bar is THE one!

The best espresso drink we had for our weekend in Montreal as we looks for a good cup of espresso.

Cappuccino ($3.48) & Gibraltar ($3.04) both nicely done. My first time ever tried Gibraltar which is a double shot of espresso with just a touch of milk. The drink was strong and really gave me the boost I needed! The cappuccino was strong but yet mellowed by the nicely foamed milk.

Pikolo has this really laid back vibe. Free wifi and tons of outlets. High ceiling and with a lot of windows letting natural light in!

I can stay here and sip on my coffee for a long timeeeeeeeeeeeeee.............."
"I do like Bake Code's concept of putting a modern twist to Asian pastries. But at $5+ for their signature croissants? I just couldn't do it....

Luckily I usually able to get a few to try at their 25% End of Day sale.

Thai Milk Tea, Matcha, Peanut Butter were all pretty tasty! The liquidity fillings are intense and sweet. Proceed with caution as it can be pretty messy.

The other savory buns I tried were all so so."
"My experience with Casa Manila was based just on their desserts.

Came here 30 minute before closing as our group as usual wants some sweet happy ending. Casa Manila has been on my to go list for the longest time so I was happy to give it a try.

The waitstaff here are really nice but service was definitely really slow. I know good food needs time to prepare but aside from Turon is freshly made, the rest of the food we ordered are just pre made or with really minimum effort in preparation.

We shared:

- Halo Halo ($6.99)

- Turon - Crispy Banana Crepes ($5.99)

- Buko Pandan with Ube Ice Cream ($7.99)

- Cassava Cake ($4.99)

I really enjoyed all the items we ordered! Especially the ube ice cream! Just wish that it is bigger!

I might be back to Casa Manila to try out other Filipino dishes and hopefully the service would improve as I don't want to have a 3 hour meal, I might fall asleep waiting for my food!"
"Here at Green Beanery Warehouse Outlet, you can pick up gifts that make a lot of coffee geek happy.

Pick up Green Beans including Kopi Luwak, Captain's Ohana Farm, Flamstead Estate

Pick Up a Coffee Roaster

Pick Up a burr mills grinder

Pick Up a Espresso Machine, Cold Brew Machine, French Press, Pour over Pot, Goose Neck Kettle, Siphon Maker... or all the above

Pick Up some accessories: Milk Frothing pitcher, Tamper Press...

Pick Up some glass wares to go with different kind of coffee... yes it does make a different...

Green Beanery staff will able to help you with all the above and more. And maybe you can even get some of the items at a discount.

I just want a good cup of coffee."
"I been to Taipei Station twice already since it opened 2 weeks ago, once for Lunch Specials and the other time Afternoon Tea Specials. 

The menu is quite interesting and extensive. Not too many places that have menu that give me that urge thinking I want to try this, and that and I need to come back for this. 

Lunch Specials Southern Taiwanese Beef Noodle Set with Green Tea Latte ($5.49) was nicely done. It is not the spicy Taiwanese Beef Noodle, the broth is flavoured but can be a little plain. The yellow noodle was cooked al dente with a great bite. The drink was really milky just with a little hint of green tea, but is the regular size which made this lunch set a great value. 

All the staff was really friendly and even go over the menu with me when I have some question about the shaved ice dessert and even gave me a free sample of their Fresh Milk Shaved Ice with Mango bubble. 

Afternoon Tea Set Braised Pork with egg and rice and drink ($3.99) was no bad, but I found that the pork was a little rubbery and chewy maybe because it was too lean? My Lychee Black tea was refreshingly good. 

I will definitely be back for their shaved ice and other authentic Taiwanese desserts.... oh maybe some black pig blood cake?!"
"Come here for the meat! I love their meat department which runs by independent meat shop: Charlie's. A lot of special cut: cubed pork belly for stewing, chicken bones for making soup, chopped pig tails and more. And if you need anything, just need to ask!

Just like other No Frills, prices are always competitive and has good sales!

Lines crazily long on weekends, so I usually avoid coming here."
"Cube Works Studio is one of the numerous Artists studio in the Distillery District. It is really cool to able to talk to artists about their works in person and it is a rewarding experience for both. 

The goal of Cube Works Studio is ""meant to inspire, unite and invoke a sense of nostalgia by using common, tangible objects and methods to create impressive and entertaining works of art that can be appreciated and enjoyed by all."" 

I find those Rubik's Cube work of art that displayed in the main floor of the studio really neat! The topics includes Hollywood celebrities, Renaissances Master pieces and Andy Warhol's themed artworks..hey even simple people like me understand what I am looking at! 

I am really in awe when I saw the reproduction of ""Hands of God""(used over 12000 Rubik's Cube) which is the World Record Holder for Guinness... 

They also have a great website that display all their work of ""art""! 

Now visiting Cube Works Studio makes me have the urge to dig out my Rubiks' cube and try solving it again! :P"
"If I ever own a yoga studio... 
If I ever want to practise in studio everyday..

Moksha Yoga Thornhill is my dream comes true?

The reception area just glorious with even a waiting area that you can enjoy a cup of hot Yogi tea after classes.

2 practice rooms: heated and non heated. So you have a choice of whatever you prefer to practice, can't wait when the full schedule is up and running.

Showers!! 6 shower stalls with total privacy and excellent water flow. 6 showers!! 
The change room is one of the biggest I been to.

Some of the teachers here might be familiar with you if you have been practising in other Moksha in the area. 

Underground parking with 30 spots reserved for yogi. 

Maybe I have found my Nirvana...

Oh wait!! There's even a spa on site!!!

15/15"
"We dropped by Cocktail Bar for a cocktail and we were not disappointed.

Love the cozy unpretentious vibe. It feels more like a farmhouse than a cocktail bar Downtown.

The menu is extensive. I love how it is breakdown into categories based on the character of the drinks. The description of the cocktails just so much fun to read and I love to try new drinks too!

Ramos Gin Fizz and Brasil 66 were both enjoyable! Love the presentation!

There is also a small patio at the side if you want to get some fresh air."
"Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu has always been my to go place for Soon Tofu. I had been to both their Downtown and North York Locations.

I would say Buk Chang has the most silky and soft tofu soup I have in Toronto area. There is just something so special about their tofu and this is probably the only item you should order. But if you want something more filling, there is also pork bone soup and other options.

This Buk Chang location is so hidden and you won't even notice it if you just drive by. This maybe the reason I did not even know that it had been opened for months. Menu is really simple and similar to other locations. The best thing is the restaurant is spacious and service is nice and friendly. Our waiter checked on us and asked if we want some banchan refilled!

I do like the option of choice of spiciness by level, so you can really custom order what you want.

Highly recommended if you want something homey and comforting!"
"My first impression of Bellagio is quite good.. great looking venue with huge banquet area and even the cocktail reception is really nice and classy.

However, the services and the food here left me disappointed.

The staffs here that serve our tables are not professional, they are like kids that not sure what they are doing. One of the bartenders looks so pissed and frowning on everyone that asking for a drink.

Food definitely is meh. The pasta was so salty, the filet mignon overcooked and tough as leather.... The dessert though is the best part of the meal.

I definitely won't be recommending Bellagio to my friends or anyone if they want to have a wedding or special occasions here."
"I have been coming to this Freshco since it first opened. 

I really like their varieties (International selection) and price is comparable to no frills and other discount grocery stores. 

Meat department here is just so clean. I like how I can just order whatever I want instead of just getting the pre packaged items. 

The parking spaces though feels a little tight and this place get crazily busy."
"Qing Feng Bun is going to open 24 hours but for now they are only open from 9:30 am - 12:30 am daily.

The menu has a selection of steamed bun with different fillings, which I really recommend you to try. Unfortunately, their signature bun have a minimum order of 6 ($5.99) so I stuck with other the others one which are all reasonable priced at $1.20 or so.

I like the buns as they were all fluffy and served hot. They were not made to order but all ready to go in a huge industry steamer. Great if you want a quick fast snack. I found the filling a little dry, not as juicy as I expected and on the salty side.

There is no free tea offers. As this is more a food court street stall format. You can order a soy milk especially a hot one which is perfect for the cold weather.

I also has the Mala Noodle 麻辣粉 ($3.99) It was served plain without any toppings compared to the other version I had that usually have cilantro and other toppings. It was no too mala spicy either, might have to request extra spicy if you want to have the sichuan level one accustom to.

I do like the atmosphere of an authentic Chinese local eatery. You order in front or you just shout out what you want to the waitress when she walked by. After just pay at the cashier.

If you can speak Mandarin, you might find the experience more enjoyable. I guess I need to work on my language skill a little more!

Cash only!"
"When I walked by St. Lawrence Branch, I was thinking oh gee this place is small.. because look like it just occupies 1 store front... yes me trying to get in through the emergency exit...

The real entrance is inside the courtyard and it does look pretty nice... the front kind of echo the design of St. Lawrence Market...

""Be Quiet"" ""Not Cellphone"" ""Quiet Study Zone"" signs are posted everywhere... Maybe this location really have problems?? 

The collection here is a little small... does not have a lot of electrical outlets for laptops.... but since it was built 1982 without any major remodelling before WIFI time."
"I love Churches... especially churches that has historical, architectural and social significances!

Christ Church Cathedral was built over 150 year ago and it is still well maintained and looks like ""new""! 

If you go to their website, they have information for a self guided tour which I find it really informative and interesting... especially with the ""The Development of 1987-88"" which has the church put on stiles so an underground shopping complex can be build!

Free admission... great if you are in the area and want to be away from the cold for awhile!"
"If you looking for something special for yourself or as a gift, you may find something here at Aix-En-Tic.

Aix-En-Tic carries jewellery and designer time piece for both man and woman. Merchandise is tastefully displayed. 

Staff is really helpful and approachable. Customer service here is really good and they stands by their products they sells, no wonder they have been in business in The Beaches neighbourhood for over 10 years!

There is some sale and marked down items too, if you are like me who never like paying full price!"
"The Pump On the Rathburn is a good neighbourhood pub.

Great to catch a game on the big screen TV. Great to meet up with friends for a drink.

Beer selection a little boring with the usual domestic draft: Bud, Canadian, Coors, but at least they have Alexander Keith Cider on tap.

45 cents Chicken Wings Special on Monday & Tuesday after 4 pm with purchase of Beverage is a sweet deal. Just wish the Suicide wings are more deadly.

Service here is friendly and fast.

I guess next time when I am in Mississauga, I going to come back and have some more wings with my friends!"
"This Chinese restaurant is directly across from Markville Mall. A popular place for dim sum for the people that lives in the area.

Dim sum are cheap here ($2.00 weekday all day for all sizes and $2.20 weekend all day )! You ordered directly from checking off the ones that you want from the order sheets.. no waiting for someone to push them around.. They do have special items that the waiter carried around in a tray.

Dim Sum is served till 4 pm! so if you want to avoid the crowd come late!!

For dinner, they have entrees starting from $5.99. All comes with their special soup - papaya with fish .

I found their stir-fried dishes a little oily....ok a lot oily!! So make sure you ask them to take it easy on the oil when you order.

Services can be slow because they often short of wait staffs during busy hours

CASH only!"
"Garcia Meat Products is a good place if you want to pick up some Portuguese grocery  and food produces.

Fresh meat and Cured Meat and more!

And of course I ended up picking up a bottle of hot sauce which has a good kick in it!

Staff here is really friendly and helpful! And the place is clean and organized!

Love my Piri Piri Extra Picante Sauce! HOT!"
"Don't tell me every Indigo Books Stores are the same. This location of Indigo Books is one of the best ones I been to. 

Selections of books are excellent!! I was just planning to just browse a little, kill some time then off to The Duke of Kent across the street to have a pre dinner drink..ended up I stayed here for over 1 hour.... 

The collection of Yoga Philosophy books was so impressive which I would never expect a brick and mortar bookstore would carry!! 

Staffs were really helpful! I was asked numerous of time if I need any help when I browse around the store. 

Good location! Especially during winter since it is connected to TTC Eglinton Subway Station!"
"This location inside Hillcrest Mall is a combination of Chatime and Bake Code. Here you can get both Taiwanese style baked goods and drinks.

My Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jello is quite consistent with the other Chatime I had been to. 

With no line up on a weekday evening with just 1 customer aside from me, I ended up waited 5-10 minute for my order. I just wondering how it would have been if it is busy."
"There is something lacking in Sushi Bar's sushi.... I love the deco, the ambiance, the service (it was lacking in the beginning, but after I complained then all good from then on), the quantity, but the quality of the food was very disappointing! 

Sushi Dinner 1 ($17.95) 
- 9 pieces of nigiri and a choice of either Spicy Tuna/Salmon 
- the fish was not too fresh...and was slice really thin and each sushi made with huge ball of rice 
- no wasabi at all in any sushi... I know some Japanese restaurant will ask if you prefer not to (Mikado does that) but Sushi Bar is one of the first one that I been to that does not put any wasabi inside. 
- the Tuna Spicy roll was just so so.. the spiciness is really from the spicy mayo on top... 
- The shari rice was not made properly, as I notice it really lack the taste of rice vinegar... 

I do like the nice touch that my meal came with a lot of appetizers: soup with tempura bits and noodle, edamane, pickled bean sprouts and teriyaki tofu. And an ice cream to finish off... 

Those Japanese screens does provide some privacy.. but if you need the attention of the wait staffs.. you really have to scream and wave them down... 

As Sushi Bar is right across from Jilly's, I don't feel too safe and comfortable coming here after dark....."
"Richmond Green Library is located on Leslie just North of Elgin Mills Road. 

I don't think this will be my to go to library ever... especially during school days or after school hours... 

As Richmond Green Library serves as the school library of the Richmond Green Secondary School.... just think how it is during school days or before examinations!

The good thing about this location is the ceiling is high and spacious... so you don't feel that you are locked in a cave with all these teens...

Richmond Green Library really need a face lift.. maybe some new furniture? 

WIFI access is only available with patrons with a library card... so if you just visiting the area, you are out of luck!"
"Main Sushi is located on Main Street Markham... this location used to be a Hungarian Restaurant... 

Lunch Special Menu has the usual selections of Sushi, Sashimi and Teriyaki, starting from $6.99 which includes a soup and salad.

Sushi Lunch ($9.99)
- The presentation is pleasing... one of the better ones I saw
- Fish are quite fresh: Tuna, Salmon, Snapper and White Tuna
- California Roll are done nicely too...
- The only complain is the shari rice and the portion of rice... they all just taste a little heavy...

Overall a decent sushi joint if you are in the area...

Though the experience might not be really relaxing when the 2 wait staffs sharing gossips loudly in front of me... thanks for sharing!"
"I am HUNGRY!!! I want Poutine! 

Frites Alors! really hit the spot. Large Poutine Vladimir ($10) is great to share as late night snack.. the cheese curds.. I love Cheese!! Fries is cooked just right crispy outside and mushy inside...and with just the right amount of gravy!

Maybe after a drink or 2 and another beer to go with the poutine, it makes everything perfect!.

Service is efficient and friendly.

I think I am starting to entertain the idea of having Poutine and Beer as my snack of choice!

I wish I can find good Poutine in Toronto.................."
"Country Style Hungarian Restaurant sure looks out of place in the sea of Japanese, Thai, pubs in the Annex area. 

The yelp's photos of Schnitzel are just bizarre!! I probably would not have go in solo because no way I am going to eat that Schnitzel all by myself without having a heartburn later. 

Walking inside Country Style did give me a feeling I have transferred back to one of those little European cities where chic and cool doesn't exist.. ""the way it is"" is always the best! Nothing wrong with this old world's charm as old timers would definitely feel just at home eating here. 

I sweet talked Rafi N who is a meat lover to share: 

Parisian Schnitzel ($18.95) 
- Lightly battered and deep fried to golden brown 
- Veal was pounded to paper thin and was surprising moist and tender 
- with minimum seasonings..dizzled with fresh lemon juice did take some of the deep fried oiliness away 

Goulash ($5.95) 
- Hearty with chucks of vegetables and beef 
- flavour too is a little bland..but definitely not salty over loaded with MSG.. maybe a pinch of salt will give it more flavour 

Services here is homey and slow.. how can one rush their grandma? 

Prices includes taxes and is Cash Only!"
"Bingsu, my favourite Korean dessert. So light so fluffy just like the first snowfall....

I had been to the other 2 locations of The Cups and loved it. And I am so glad they open up in First Markham Place!

I came here on a weekday afternoon so the place was almost empty with just 2 other tables.. Sadly, they were so understaffed with only 1 girl working. The wait for my order was long but luckily I was not in a rush. (- 0.5 star)

I usually order the Cup size which is perfect size. I usually go for Injeolmi and Sesame and they never disappointed.

I will be back."
"Lunch Special $15 includes a Sandwich of your choice, Soup and a Cookie as a dessert is a pretty good at The Smokery Kitchen & Bar.

Ontario Craft Beer on taps which is seasonal and on a rotating bases sounds good to me.

Porchetta Lunch Sandwich+Tomato Gazpacho+Chocolate Chip Cookie ($15)

Roasted Pear Salad ($9)

Amsterdam Sweetwater Squeeze Radler - light and refreshing for a hot summer afternoon

Seasonal menu but some of their Signature items will always be available i.e. BBQ and Smoked Meat.

We were luckily to have Chis be our server as he is really professional and knows the menu really well. 

And of course I know I will be back again for lunch and even dinner soon!

PS. Remember to check in on your Yelp App for Offers!"
"We shopped here a few times during our Weekend in Montreal as our rental was just located 5 minute from this marche.

I cannot comment on how fresh the fruits or if the meat was spoiled as all I got was water and beers...

Without a car, none of us feel like dragging bottles of water or beers in the heat for too far and the beer selection here at least is decent.

Iced Cold Beer on a hot summer day?! This place is A-OK!"
"24 hours 7 days a week

Right by 404 means good accessibility

Free Wifi

This maybe the Tim Hortons I will come by if I need to WIFI access when my usual hangout places are closed for the day.

Noise level is a little high though so don't expect a library like vibe as some of the other establishments.

But I probably won't be staying too long as limited electric outlets... 

But I need to go home sometime??"
"If I just rate the services and the staffs, it is the best I had experienced from all these AYCE hot pot restaurants. 4 star! The staffs even asked me how's the food sounded like they care...

Food... Food is their problem... 

The ""Hot and Spicy"" Szechuan soup base was pathetic. There are no peppercorns... nothing really hot or numbing. They just put the bottled garlic and chili as the main ingredients....

We had the Fatty Beef and Seafood set ($21.95). Don't order the Seafood platter... for extra $5 really doesn't worth it!! The mussel and surf clam are both really rubbery... and the oyster on the small size... 

Our first round of beef looked pretty good but when the second round the beef has this deep dark red colour... 

The vegetables not too fresh and definitely not wash properly...

I can go on and on and on..... 

Though it is open from 5 pm to 5 am, I don't think I want to come back again.... 

BTW, how come there's no lobster!! 

*10% service already added to the total bill

* Accepts Credit Cards payment"
"I use the free trial week pass to try out this Goodlife Fitness Club.

This is one of those Women only health club on top of Loblaws.

I was there just asking the price, tour the facilities and get some information and they make you talk to one of their counsellor and you have to tell them your ""life history"" in order to able to get the different price structure.. but at least I have the 1 week trial pass to try out the facilities.

This is smaller than most of the gyms I been too, the machines are quite packed together. I found the inside is quite dark because there are no outside windows.

I went there to try out in the Morning and in the evening. All these time, there are plenty of machines I can use. 

The change room is ok in size.. Make sure you bring your own locks for the lockers.

However the main problem is the different fitness classes I am interested. In order to get in a class, you have to get there early at least 15-20 minutes to get a ticket. If the class is full and really popular, then you might not get in.

Even if you get in, the classes are really crowded! They packed close to 40 people in a small room. 

Goodlife fitness classes are set up that  classes are the same for 3 months, so if you go to Bodypump class everyday, it can be taught by 
different instructors, but they will be using the same music doing the same routine for 3 months before they will change.

In theory, it is good for people that like a certain routine, they know what to expect even when they go to another Goodlife Fitness and the classes and the music will still be the same. 

However, I did get bored even after 1 week! I cannot understand how they listen to same music for 3 months!! And for the body, I think it does need constant challenge...that's why is important to break the routine to do different things...

Goodlife Fitness membership does has its advantages since it can be used at any of the clubs in the area. That is great flexibility. The price is pretty competitive and close to what I would expect. 

The sales did do a followup call. She was not too pushy.

The location is quite convenient, since it is inside Loblaws you can always do your grocery shopping right after you exercise.

They do have child care services if you need to use them."
"Johnny Bistro is a good neighbourhood restaurant. 

It is kind of located off the main streets... so it is not a place that you would have drive by and say let's go there. When I suggested to have dinner at Johnny, my boyfriend who lives in the area for over 15 years, never even know this place exist!

Aside from the main menu, there are also daily lunch/dinner special menu.

Open kitchen so you can watch your food being prepared. 

Caesar Salad ($5)
- fresh and crispy romaine a little heavy on the dressing

Little Lorenza ($15) - Breaded Veal with Smoked Mozzarella Cheese and Linguine with Tomato Sauce
- Breaded Veal a little on the dry side but huge portion for the price
- Linguine was cooked al dente

Peppercorn Roast Beef Panini with Pasta Vinaigrette Salad ($10)
- Huge portion for the price
- the sandwich just on the dry side

Johnny Bistro feels like a little neighbourhood pub. A lot of locals enjoy their meals here. You get huge portions but these are no gourmet food. Reminds me of more down to earth home cooking?!

Italian mama trying to feed me all these food..........until I burst!"
"Beef, Jerk Chicken, Curry Chicken or Vegetables Homemade Patties! 

Maybe I should have got more than 1 when everyone else that walked in were all loading up on patties.

Jerk Chicken with Rice and Peas ($6.99) has just a touch of spices that made it interesting without overpowering. Chicken though all chopped up boneless and soaked in gravy. The oh so gingery Grace's Ginger Beer went well with the food.

Seating area is spacious and I wish some one would come and wipe down the table once in awhile as some of them were covered with rice....

Come to Tweedy's if you are in the area and have craving for a Taste of the Island, you won't be disappointed!"
"Thanks for Indie Coffee Passport, if not I would probably never venture in Merchants of Green Coffee. 

The deco here is so rustic... like a country cottage. Love the wooden beams and the worn out wooden floorings... A lot of seating choices: either on the armchairs/sofas to lounge around, sharing at the communal tables or just get a small table bury your head in your laptop..over a good cup of Coffee. 

Green Coffee though more pricey but is ethically correct, and as long as the coffee taste good... 

Cappuccino was excellent.. strong bold roast... really jump started my day!"
"2.5 Star rounding up to 3 because I still think my last lunch experience was good!

Back to Mi Ne for dinner. I left a little confused and disappointed.

Ordered the same items I usually order at the other Mi Ne on Yonge Street location: http://www.yelp.ca/biz/mi-ne-japanese-richmond-hill, which I am not sure if they are related as it has a separate individual website http://www.minesushi.net/ different than the other 3 locations!

Chicken Zen ($20) & Chirashi ($19) 
- California Roll probably the best item I enjoyed, it is big but just have a really thin layer of rice, fresh and enjoyable
- Portion is huge in a way that you will be full but from RICE! My chirashi was not bad but was served with 3 bowl of rice! The shari rice was even lacking the flavour!
- Nigri Sushi has the same issue as the pieces are huge with so much rice! Not really balanced!
- Tempura batter was heavy, soggy and quite oily!

Mi Ne might be trying to give customer a sense of value by giving people a lot of carbs so they get full from eating. But it just lost the delicate character of Japanese cuisine. If I really want to fill up, I would have ate in one of  the numerous AYCE places in the area."
"Stepping inside Shomal North on a Sunny afternoon feels like bring me to another world... World which is dark..cool... and full of men (waiters)

I have to agreed with John F., the interior decorate does remind me of an Italian Village I been too.. now think about it.. I know exactly where it is!! The interior of Frankie Tomatoes!! The little storefronts, the fake painting of the cliffside on the far wall, the little X'mas lights decorating the trees....

I don't have a lot of experience with Persian food, ok make that once!... I can only compare to Pomegranate Restaurant (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/pomegranate-restaurant-toronto-2) which I just love!! 

Raw onion, parsley and radish were brought to the table even before ordering. We were told that we suppose to eat them with our food. But what food are we going to eat?? BTW, their wine list are 3 pages long... more than their food choices!!

I found the stews are really not as delicious and taste not as good Pomegranate. The chicken here was so over stewed that it does not taste like chicken anymore. The lamb is ok... I have better... But I like how they match the different rice with the chicken and lamb.

I found the services here is cold, and the waitstaffs are quite disinterested. Maybe it is how an authentic experience suppose to be :P.

I am not in a rush to come back here for another meal.......

2.5 stars"
"Chick-in works like a Fast Food Joint with minimum table service.

Order and pay at the counter and the waitstaff will bring you the food.

Menu is quite extensive with a lot of deep fried snacks. They even have Bento Box lunch special ($6.99) which includes a drink, a great value. And of course their Fried Chicken specialty!

The deep fried items tasted fresh and crispy! 

The set up though a little strange and feels empty. The high table and stools are just really uncomfortable. Just maybe they can change those to something more comfy in the future."
"Another Moksha Yoga based hot yoga studio.

Location right by 404 so it is quite convenient. 

Pro
- a lot of different time slot
For early risers has classes at 6:30 AM every weekdays!
For night owls has classes at 9:15 pm every weekdays!
For late night classes on weekend at 8 pm, no where in any Toronto studios has an 8 pm classes. (the classes are pay as you go $7 great when you feel like going to a yoga class then go to pig out on the weekend once in a while)
- a lot of different varieties of classes
Jivamuti yoga the only class in this style offer in the area
Ashtanga, Yin, Mediation, Restorative, Iyengar Flow, Hatha Flow
-Good price
has special for new comers, $20 for 1 week can be upgraded to $60 for 1 month

Con
- Busy studio, small practice room. 
The class can be really packed!! Please make sure arrive early to get a good spot!
- Small Change room
no lockers, 2 washrooms and 2 shower stalls for a class of over 30 can be quite tricky!

Passport to Prana are welcome in the studio!"
"I think is me.. I am not impressed at all with Sarvanaa Bhavan's lunch buffet. ($9.99) 

The food is quite good.. and the spiciness level is excellent.. my friend was like eating them and have runny nose and tears in her eyes..! :P 

The waiters always around and bring freshly made dosa and bread from the kitchen. 

I think I rather coming for a la carte instead for dinner, because the food in the buffet area I found them lukewarm.. especially when outside is freezing cold... and you really want your food HOT, not just spicy hot! 

There is an area on the side that has sink to wash your hands before and after your meal.. that's a good idea but it really gross me out when I can hear people rinsing their mouth and making disgusting noises right when I am eating my food! -0.5 star"
"Love the set up and openess of It's All GRK. Perfect fit for the neighbourhood!

Simple menu with 4 choices: pork, chicken, beefteki and souvlaski/ gyro, piato, dinner and salad.

Souvlaki($7.49) and Pork($6.99) Gyro is nicely prepared and the tzatziki sauce is well flavoured. The only complaint maybe the meat is on the dry side.

A good alternative if you are chilling along Queen Street! Nice friendly staff!"
"Love the concept of Zoup!, especially I love soups.

12 soups a day with choices that includes seafood, beef stew, vegetables and more. They even encourage you to sample even you know what you going to order already.

Tips: if you in a rush don't order sandwich and salad because they are made to order and it took mine over 15 minute to be ready.

Try Two! Combo: 

Crab Bisque ($5.25) with a choice of bread as a side size though small but delicious with a lot of crabmeat. You do have an option to upsize to a cup for $1.35 extra.

Loco Burrito ($5.50) was quite spicy, love the dressing. 

The verdict: soup is really good. I think I would definitely be back for the soup. Zoup! at this price point I expect to eat out from real bowl and plate, similar to Panera Bread, but all I got were plastic containers and utensils."
"I love the concept of El Furniture Warehouse. 

Every single food item here is $4.95 and there is enough selection here to make everyone happy. Seriously, I don't expect much at this price point but the Braised Beef Dip Sandwich we shared was really good and even the fries was well seasoned and crispy!

Drinks can be pricey compared to other watering holes in the area. I would stay with beer on taps for $6.25. I really don't understand how they can charge $8 for a tall boy.

Music is loud but at least I could still hear what my friend was saying and with all the televisions around, maybe he did not even really want to talk to me?! 

Service was meh. We never really have a wait staff looking after our table. 

I will be back for some cheap snacks and drinks (shots?)  next time when I am in the area. A nice casual place to chill out with friends!

We were lucky as there was no line up for our early pre dinner drink on a Sunday. I can imagine how busy El Furniture can be on a Friday or Saturday night!"
"2.5 Star

$7 lunch Special with a good selection of wings, burger, sandwich and more.

Jakes Bistro+Bar is a good place for lunch at this price point.

Craft Beer Selectuon includes Amsterdam Boneshaker and Mill Street 100th Meridian. Too bad I need to work after lunch.

I ordered a burger to celebrate #Nationalburgerday which maybe a mistake...

Cheese Burger ($7) + Onion Rings ($2)

I made a mess eating because it was super super greasy. Oil was dripping dripping all over the place even before I bite into the burger. Patties are not made in house, maybe they can try sourcing it somewhere else? or try cooking it on the grill for a little longer?

I did have an urge to go into Snap Fitness next door to run 10 miles on their treadmills after ultra greasy food.

I will come back for a drink at least beer selection is good. There is daily special including Happy Hour with Appetizer specials everyday."
"My experience with Portuguese Chicken is quite limited... OK this is really my 2nd time after my experience at Pollo Loco (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/pollo-loco-churasqueria-vaughan#hrid:ozihOWj6mh7pKs7szdmLyQ). 

The grilled chicken at O'Corisco Restaurant is not bad but seems like it is lacking something! 

Half Chicken ($5.49)

- There is not that oh so smokey smell when you entered the restaurant 
- Chicken skin a little soggy, I like that charred crispy skin
-  piri-piri sauce lack the kick and taste really blend... not sour or spicy enough?

The good thing about O'Corisco is there are 3 small tables where you can eat your chicken inside the store instead of making a mess in your car.... I have to eat my food right away... when it is the freshest!"
"I dig The Emmet Ray.

The drink menu is great! A good selections of Beer, Whiskies and Scotch! The selection of Whiskies really blow my mind. There would  be something here for anyone!!

They  Even have Boneshaker IPA on Draft. Before 9 pm is only $4.50 a pint.... at 7.1% I don't need a lot to be blasted!

We were here on a Saturday late night! The place still hopping with a Live DJ pumping out ""Old School"" music, I guess 80s tunes are oldies....

Luckily we got the sofa area in the front where we can lounge around and yelled at each other since the music was quite loud at time... 

My Yelp Friends kept nodding their heads and smiling to whatever I said.... can they really hear me??

I'll be back here for sure..... I want to have some Malt Scotch!!"
"This review of Cafe Hollywood is based on my afternoon tea experience. 

As it is a Hong Kong Style Cafe, I don't really expect much service. But I was left standing at the front for almost 5 minute till I waved someone down so I can be seatd. Maybe I should just seat myself?! No menu, no tea, no nothing till a wait staff walked by and I almost need to tackle him down so I can get a menu. After I ordered, there was still no tea or utensils.... I felt like such a nuisance going after for some basic needs and this really annoyed me...

But if the food worth all these hassle and lack of service?!

Sadly the food was not even up to par with standard HK style cafe.

My Korean Beef Noodle in Soup ($6.50) was served with a cheap instant noodle which was not even been cooked through. The ""fresh"" beef was a big slice of chewiness. I expect them to at least use better quality of noodle and meat. I really don't know what ""Korean"" with this item?!

I paid $2 surcharge for Presotea's Earl Grey Tea but was served with Hokkaido Milk Tea and at this point, I just felt too tired to complain.

It was a weekday afternoon and the restaurant was quite busy. Time to hire more staff to prepare for the Holidays rush!"
"Now I know poutine tastes much much better if you get to share with someone!!

This is my second Smoke's Poutinerie location I visited. The first time at the Queen St West location which I found my traditional poutine a little too oily, the gravy a little too salty.. if did not get me too excited.

Second time the Veggie Deluxe poutine which I have the pleasure to share that with another yelper after an intense HOT yoga class tasted so much better!! Especially when your friend kept telling you how good this is!

And I have to say I love my Veggie Deluxe poutine!! Cheese, green peas, mushroom and cooked onions can taste that good?!! We finished the Huge Large order in record speed.......

BTW, this location is so much more spacious.. and at least it has real tables and chairs not just bar stools!"
"I went to Greg's Ice Cream before I read all these reviews and did not even this is such a popular ice cream parlour. 

As usual I let my adventurous food crawl companion pick the ice cream flavours and he did a marvelous job!

Indian Summer
- creamy based with corn and spice, tasted ok but there are too many whole kennel of corn, if they have mashed up into smaller pieces I might have enjoy that more

Stout
- for sure ice cream for adults like me does not have a sweet tooth. Though it is creamy and smooth, there is this bitterness of dark beers and the sweet smell of alcohol. I have a feeling of indulging on the foaming Guinness' beer head at an Irish Pub

I am kind of glad that Roasted Marshmallow flavour is not available on that day since I don't think I would have enjoy its excessive sweetness.

We were there on this Sunny Autumn afternoon and no line ups! Wondering who is going to be eating ice cream when it is -15C in the winter."
"Maybe I should had order a pho with no toppings?!

Pho with Raw Beef ($5.99) with choice of pop/water is a good value. I like how the noodle is served in a plastic bowl instead of one of those take out containers... Have you ever see those styrofoam containers melt because of how hot the broth is?!

Portion is good and broth is decent.

But sadly though, the raw beef was hard and chewy and tasted freezer burnt.  Too many of those beef in my noodle really making my bowl of pho MEH.

But for that price, maybe I am expecting too much?! Life is too short for cheap medocre food.

I will pass...i"
"Another Tea Shop in Pacific Mall... How boring?!

Fresh Tea. Fresh Made... Are you sure?

Presotea brews their tea using a espresso-type machine by the cup, which brew when order. I do like the idea of how I can customized the Sugar and Ice Cubes Content.

Grand Opening Special $1 off for some of the drinks, of course I could not resist to give it a try.

Crystal Wintermelon Tea ($2.99 with $1 off) was so refreshing! There were even chunks of real wintermelon inside. 

Presotea is a Taiwanese franchise that recently expanding overseas to Australia and North America. This location in Pacific Mall is their first North American location.

I just love my Iced Tea freshly brewed without sugar... Presotea might be the place for me. A-Li-Shen and Wen-Shan Tea will be the next on my list to try!!"
"On a Wednesday night, London Pub Company is still packed!

They must be doing something right?

Happy Hour Specials with 1/2 price appetizer on Weekdays?

Daily Specials Monday to Thu from 5 pm to 12 am, $2.99 burger? $13 a pitcher? 

Great place to just meet up for a drink and chill. 

Free Wifi? Heated Patio?

Service is a little lukewarm and slow but still acceptable.

I will be back!"
"Kome Shokudo serves up simple Japanese comfort food at a reasonable price. 

Rice Bowls? Ramen? Curry Rice?

My Gyudon with eggs and scallion ($8.99) was A-OK. I love the nice fluffy texture of the rice. Sadly I have my order to go, so my egg might be a tad overcooked when I ready to eat.

The interior might need to a little brighten up. It just feels like a generic fast food joint. Maybe some decorations and different lighting might help. 

I will be back for some Gyudon and maybe even trying some of the other rice bowls!"
"I am the only person that is on the computer in this Tim Hortons?!

Just a little strange.. since the other Timmie down the road almost everyone is using the Free WIFI.

Tons of seating but no electric outlets in sight!

Not my favourite Tim Hortons since it is sharing the same parking lot with T&T..."
"I really don't know what to expect! 

My Yelp Friend kept asking are there no Pub along Yonge Street or Church.... Why I am dragging him through the dark streets and alleys all the way to here... to Stout Irish Pub!

I love the cozy atmosphere of Stout, especially with the warm glowing fire place. And those huge armchairs, I can sink it to one of them and let them swallow me...

Extensive Beer Selections with some seasonal choices. I should have got the taster option... maybe next time. 

Big TVs showing The Detroit Game made my friend happy and relax or maybe he was watching the live show perform by those lovebirds close to us... While I drink my beer and daydream...

Services though friendly but was a little slow at time. It took forever to get the bill and then to pay it with my credit card.

I will definitely be back to Stout again when I am in the area. Beer Tasting next time for sure!"
"This Caesar Spa location is inside Sheraton Parkway Hotel at the lower level.

The decoration of this spa is quite nice. The theme is more Asian spa, think in the line of Thailand and Bali..

There is also a nice outdoor patio area (one time I took a yoga class at the patio, it was quite nice. however the patio is right next to an entrance door and there were people kept slamming the door for the whole time!) 

I have facial treatments and a hot stone massage here on 2 occasions.

The treatments itself were all quite good. The facial massage was excellent and I was really relax. 

The only comment are the treatment rooms have really thin walls so you can hear all the conservations and people walking around or pushing their equipments while you doing your treatments.

The therapists can be quite pushy trying to sell you packages... ( I just tell them I will think about it..)

They do have couple room, so you can have a facial with your friends or a massage with your loved ones!

Watch for special or package deal. There are more specials deals at the location inside the shoppes of Parkway, if you are more price oriented!"
"Maybe is me??I was really disappointed with the food I ordered at Bairrada Churrasqueira Grill.

The bread was so cold, dry and rock solid hard!! I love bread.. I love carbs... but I really cannot eat those...

BBQ Chicken was dried, flavourless..not even the tasty hot sauce can't bring life back to it.. I have better Portuguese chicken at some small takeout places!!

Flaming Sausage though is cute, and make an excellent photo opps but just OK... 

We were ignored and never given the menu till I asked the waitress for one... after that the services did pick up. 

I am glad that other have better experience, but I don't think I will be back here to eat again!"
"I almost walked passed Julie's Cuban Restaurant ...as it just look like another house in this residential area... or it kind of look like a convenience store?? 

Nice, dark and dim... decorated with Christmas night and tons of Cuban's memorabilia of its glorious era. 

The waiters here are some of the most friendliest and knowledgeable ones I have encountered.. and yes Cuban people does have the heart of gold! 

Chips con Guacamole tasted awesome. One of the best I have in Toronto... Freshly homemade and with a great spicy kick! 

The other items we order are just so so... Cerviche was a little disappointing because it either sour/limey enough and the fish texture is quite funny. Enchilado de Camarones was overpriced with that just 4 shrimps and didn't taste spectacular! 

I think Julie's Cuban Restaurant is good place to share some apps and chill with your friends.. but if you going to have a full meal with drinks it does get quite pricey... and you wondering if it really worth it!"
"3.5 Star

Love the atmosphere of Ray's Cafe.

Bright, Quiet, Spacious and Clean.

There are various seating options so it is good for solo or as a group. There are also artwork for sale from local artists which is a nice touch for a local cafe.

Cappuccino ($3.45) is A-OK compatible to franchise quality. Don't expect crafted quality brews.

Great neighbourhood cafe to meet up with your friends or just do some work on your computer with their free wifi access."
"Why do I have to make decisions all the time?! 

What flavours? My head started spinning when the nice lady start going over all the flavours of cupcakes at Sweet Bliss with me... I almost want her to repeat their offerings again............. 

So now down to the question of what if I only picked one, which one would that be.......... 

Red Velvet Cupcake ($2.50) was recommended to be as the one to have......... Yes it was good......... moist...........soft..............fluffy.........and sizable........... and I went Mmmmmm with frosting all over my face! 

Now I am in sugar coma....................."
"Just maybe I am bias or just maybe the first love is just more memorable.

This new Banh Mi Boys is just not the same as the one on Queen West.

My Grilled Pork Banh Mi ($4.99) was not as good compared to the one I had before. Maybe the way the bread was toasted? the grilled pork was not as flavoured. And where's my Thai chili?!

I really don't know why?! Maybe I need to have the same sandwich and do a taste test side by side. 

But I would pick a Banh Mi Boys' Banh Mi over any other sandwich option in the area."
"Centennial Library is right across from North York Hospital Urgent Care Unit and next to Herbert H Carnegie Centennial Centre.

I can imagine people hanging out after dropping off their kids next door for activities or just picking up some reading materials before heading over for the usual long wait at any Ontario Hospitals...

The library does have it's own small parking lot and I doubt that it will be too busy as the library itself is really small.... 

There are some floral wing chairs which looks kind of dated but it might fit into some English Cottage deco?

Great if you want to pick up some Best Bet 7 days loan material but the collections here are really small..."
"Huge Patio+Live Music+Friendly Wait Staffs+ Decent Food!! All winning elements for a wonderful summer evening! 

And surprising this place is in Scarborough!! 

The Olde Stone Cottage Pub shares their parking lot with a used car junkyard with broken sign....looks a little sketchy from the outside. I usually don't want to walk into a pub in Scarborough all by myself as I just don't feel comfortable hang out alone there. A look at the patio and their patrons at The Olde Stone, I decided to tough it out! 

Patio..with padded cushions... I just wanted a drink and some snacks. Ended up my Sweet Potato Fries ($5.99) really filled me up... I ended up just have that and skipped dinner. Somersby Apple Cider ($6) a little on the sweet side but really refreshing for a summer evening. 

A quick pre dinner drink ended up last the whole evening as my Hot Yoga Date decided to join me.... 

Sipping Apple Cider, hanging with friend and listening to guitar player singing oldies............................ Chill!"
"Moonbean is a nice little coffee place.

Love everything here!

Great Tea selections: where you actually you can cross examine what inside each kind of tea, open the jar to smell it and decide if you like it then take it to the counter where they will make it fresh for you. No guessing involve and not from tea bags!!

Great Coffee selections: All written on the board... great selections.. I kept changing my mind while I was lining up.. (too many choices and by the time I order I changed my mind 5 times!)

The staffs here are so friendly and it is fun watching them making all the drinks...

The back patio is nice and cosy with umbrellas and a shaded area if you do want to enjoy the fresh air and stay away from the sun!

Extra 0.5 star because I use my Indie Coffee Passport here!!"
"I never have high expectation for Franchise Restaurant. I found most of the time the food they serves are ok but not great. Nothing will make you go yay! I have to tell my friends to come, but at least it is much certain expectations.

Monday night the place is 80% empty. The services here is friendly and professional.. but the food... is meh, ok but not great!

My boyfriend wants to order a steak and they have that Savour York Region Prix Menu that includes a salad, a steak and dessert for $35. So I suggest why don't we order that. 

Ceasar Salad
I think I would never order Ceasar Salad out at all.. They should really check if the Romaine lettuce is fresh or not before serving. A lot of the leaves are yellowing and browning with spots. Can even see that in the dim lighting. Not Fresh at all!! -0.5 star

Filet Mignon
The steak is ok, cooked medium rare the way we requested. Extra veggies requested to replaced the baked potato. Good fresh broccoli.

Dessert
They don't have the Velvet Cake, So a chocolate nutty cake was offered as replacement. It taste ok.  I think Baton Rouge really needs to work on presentation of food. Just dumping the slice cake on the plate is not what I expect from a restaurant.

I order the Burger with hot apples. I find it is quite tasty. The patty is made with fresh ground beef and you do have the options of cooking it medium well or well done.  However, the lettuce in the burger has the same days old dry and brownish look...

Will I come back? Maybe... but I know I won't be ordering salads....."
"Another Sichuan restaurant? 

Another restaurant that specialized in Grilled Fish?

I don't know how legendary their fish is but the menu for sure is just ordinary.

Hot and Sour Noodle ($6.99) lacked the punch for spiciness and lack the sourness. 

Wait staff though friendly and efficient and most of them can speak both Cantonese and Mandarin. 

I might be back to try the Spicy Clams and hopefully they would be spicy enough!"
"I always surprise at how competitive the restaurant business is!! 

Since there is no menu posted outside Pho Bistro, and I was hungry and it was after 9 pm on a Sunday night... I just got stood up... I just want something warm and comforting to eat.

This place is really nicely decorated for a Pho Joint, modern and chic with dark wooden theme....

Price for a Special Pho Small is $4.95!!! Pho Bistro is cheapest pho place I been to yet, aside places that might have lunch specials!! And for that price, the food is good.... broth has good depth and has a hint of anise.... Noodle though the dried type but was cooked properly.

Cold Shrimp Rolls ($4) was disappointing! The shrimps were tiny and the rolls just look ugly and tasted so so... like something I made myself..... 

I would be back just for the Pho if I want a cheap, decent pho fix.. and with that price Pho Bistro is a good choice if I am in the area!"
"You will come eye to eye with  Lobsters and King Crabs the moment you entered into Fishmen Wharf Seafood Restaurant.

Specialized in seafood and that's what you should be here for! 

The dinner menu is all set meals for 2/4/6/8/10 people which a combination of lobster, king crabs, fish, oyster and shark fin. Starting from $68 for a set dinner for 2. There are also some set combos that comes with a bottle of wine.

Sadly, I was here alone.....during lunch. There's no lobster for me but though there is a lunch menu which have some snacks, congee or noodles one can choose from.

Fish Noodle and Fish Fillet in a Fish Broth ($7.50) though has good flavour but the portion is really small. 

I want more... seafood.

I guess I would have to come back for dinner with at least 1 more person in order to try out their set meals...

Lobster........."
"2.5 star

Lai Doh Restaurant does have a really great selections of afternoon tea set. 

Chiu Chow Squid Balls Rice Noodle ($4.25) with a choice of drinks
- The rice noodle and broth based were both nice and with good flavour
- The reason why Lai Doh is getting 2.5 stars because of the squid balls! Not only are they not homemade and they were not cooked properly.. still cold inside

Of course none of the waitress would come and ask me how my noodle was.. and if I need anything else.... 

The waitress here are luke warm and service is kind of crappy but that's how i should expect from Chinese restaurants?

I might come back and give Lai Doh another try... maybe I will change the rating.

Cash Only!"
"2.5 (round up to 3 since it is quite new)

I really expected that Han Mi Jeong opened up inside Richlane Mall since it adds variety to the existing restaurants line up. Cantonese, HK Cafe, Japanese, Vietnamese and now Korean.

The deco and the set up was just like the 2 previous restaurants that used to be here. Han Mi Jeong did freshened up the interior a little and give it a cleaner look.

Menu is traditional Korean with a lot of emphasis on soups, which is good and I am not into ""fusion"" Korean food that much. Price point is a $1 or $2 higher but without much competition in the area, I am more than happy to pay for some well prepared Korean food.

We ordered the following to share:

Bajirak Kalguksu ($10.99) Manila Clams with Hand Cut Noodle - tons of clams but sadly the broth did not have the complex taste and the noodle was not good.

Kalbi Dinner ($15.99) Beef Short Ribs on Sizzling Plate - cooked with no grill marks and the beef was lukewarm and the plate was not even sizzling?!

Gam Ja Tang ($9.99) Pork Bone Soup - I am no PBS expert but with just 3 small piece of bones and a really simple tasting broth base (lack the herbs and spices, aside from being spicy), I doubt I would order that again.

+0.5 Star for serving purple rice and the banchan was fresh"
"Mountain Equipment Co-Op for sure a great place to browse around. 

Great selections of everything outdoorish... even for an indoor urban person like myself I have fun browsing and look at everything it offers. Though some of the merchandise they carries for sure are high ends with a matching price tag, that can get quite intimidating! 

There are for sure seasonal sale as the down jackets are on sale for more than 50% off the day I visit. 

Mountain Equipment Co-Op for sure is the store to go if I am shopping for my outdoor active friends!!"
"So if you want some where to chill or sheltered away from the cold, this Timothy's is definitely a good choice in the area. 

Free underground parking, Free WIFI and tons of cushioning armchairs. 

Steps away from Port Credit Go Station...

Great place to meet up as it opens till 11 pm during summer and 10 pm during winter.."
"Village Ice Cream Shoppe is a cute little ice cream place. 

Great selections of Kawartha and Maypole ice creams. They also serves frozen yogurt too...

Good if you are in the neighbourhood... ""A day in Pickering/Ajax"" and you have kids or adults that are young at heart! Great place to drop by for some ice cream and washroom break!

The location of Village Ice Cream is inside one of the Chalet/Castle setting, good photo opportunities!"
"I don't think I would be back to The Loose Moose for their Live entertainment, their food, their ambiance. But I know I will definitely be back for some beers.

The draft beer list is impressive. 
Unibroue 
Oast House (My new favourite brewery no in LCBO yet)
Silversmith
Great Lakes 
Muskoka
Lakes of Bays
Cheshire Valley
Junction
Kensington 
Cameron's
Mill Street
Hop City
Steam Whistle

Sampling sizes are available from $1.15 if you not sure what you want to drink. And if your friend still cannot find something they want to drink, there's always Coors Light and Canadian (no judgement here!) or try one of the beer cocktails?

I doubt I want to come back on a Saturday night. This place does have a ""meat"" market vibe and I prefer a biermarkt vibe.

Food is a lot better than what I would expect. The Kentucky Dry Rub Wings were juicy and tasty. The garlic fries a little soggy but great drunk food.

For a group, automatic gratuity of 18% is applied. But most of the people in our group has a little too much to drink and tip on top the tip and kept thinking why their drinks and food were so expensive.. but more is better than less?

The space is huge and they takes reservations, so always a good back up if you have a big group on weekend.

Cheers!"
"When my friend told me there is a new restaurant call Yuan Yuan, just opens up in Richlane, of course I need to give it a try.

This is the 2nd location of Yuan Yuan in Scarborough which is known for their Tian Jian cuisine.

The restaurant is a lot nicer and spacious than the one in original location. The new owner kept the deco and the setup of the previous restaurant and basically just change the business name in the storefront. 

Steamed Chives and Pork Dumplings ($4.99) freshly prepares when order took around 20 minute. Dumplings were bite size, savory and filled with soup!!!

Sesame Pancake ($2.99) was decent as a filler. So hot and fresh!!

No Lunch Special but at this price point everything here is a bargain: Scarborough pricing in Richmond Hill.

You can watch the lady preparing dumplings right in front of the restaurant. 

Cash Only."
"I came to Seafood Depot looking for fresh seafood! Me dreaming of tanks and tanks of  fresh uni, crabs, fish and other exotic ocean beings that I might want to try... (I was browsing the website..) but all I found were cleaned and filleted seafood packed with ice and freezers of seafood....

Surprisingly I was more intrigued by aisle and aisle of Kitchen wares includes Catering Line, Maxwell Williams, Trudeau and others. 

I was checking out moka coffeemakers, Imported Italian groceries (buy individually or by bulk), pots and pans, kitchen gadgets and much much more.....

Love the selections here, a lot of the items I could not find at Kitchenplus, Home Outfitters or other big box kitchenware stores!

Fresh Mussels for $1.99/lb was pretty good too. ....

I will definitely be back to shop for more and spend a while to browse around!"
"Grand Opening Specials! Buy 1 Get 1 Free!

I definitely fell for it.... 

The drinks at Tea Shop 168 is definitely overpriced... and in order to take advantage of the specials, you have to buy a drink for $4.99 or more then you get a free overpriced milk tea ($3.49?!)

Please my friend, next time when you order for me, I want less less less sugar... Drinking my Sesame Milk Tea was just like drinking sugar water.

Taro Slush with bubbles was just as bad..

We ended up throwing half of the drinks away....

I don't know why Pacific Mall needs ANOTHER Bubble Tea Place?"
"Really, I was not trying to be cheap!

I came here with good intentions since Congee Star has 4 Star rating and it is close by  Shops at Don Mills and we were all hungry.......

There is a good selections in the menu and the price point here is really good. Portion is huge but most of the dishes we ordered were meh to bad...

Officially now I had the worse ever Beef Short Ribs in Honey Pepper Sauce ($10.95) here. The ribs were chewy, tasteless, rubbery and dry. The sauce was bland and tasteless too....

Rice Noodle with Beef and Black Bean Sauce ($7.95) has the same rubbery beef, tons of noodles but not enough sauce.

Eggplant & Minced Pork Spicy Sauce in Hot Pot ($8.75) was overly sweet with no spiciness or the ""fish fragrance""

Garlic Shoots with Garlic ($8.75) was a little oily but was the best dish of the evening.

Service was excellent and friendly but sadly the food was not up to par.

I just hope my Yelp friends were drunk enough and would have eaten anything."
"Another new Asian restaurant opened at this location. I really lost count of how many since Just Dessert closed down.

Good pho is not easily to find in this area. And Pho Vu looks promising and with Grand Opening Special it worth me to give it a try.

Menu is simple with most of Vietnamese usual casual eats.

Pho Special Regular ($7.95) has this light herb soup broth and all the meat toppings were well prepared. Portion size is decent.

Spring Roll ($4.95) so crispy with taro and porking filling.

Service is excellent with the waitress checking on me asking if everything is ok. 

Will be back to try out other noodles option.

Cash only.

Parking at this plaza though not easy which is always busy and super tight."
"Rachel's à la Mountain View Coffee - 100% Fair Trade and Organic

Butter Tarts from Maid's Cottage! http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-maids-cottage-newmarket

Rachel's Coffee House does everything right!

The staff here is cheerful! Love the little patio outside!

The only sad thing is my Cappuccino though good tasting but has no latte art since it was a classical ""dry"" version.. Maybe I need to request for one?"
"""We Love Your Dogs""!

Not really a lot of dog friendly business around aside from Petsmart. Urban Barn gets a 4 star from this dog owner.

I also love how spacious the store is and every piece of merchandise is well showcased and staged. All the sofas and chairs just looks so welcoming, I could not help but linger on several pieces for awhile and imagine how it would look in my living room!

Staff here is smiley and welcoming. An additional plus to the shopping experience!"
"I always get confused when I try parking at Kennedy Subway Station. There are really 4 lots... yes 4 lots!! All of them free from 3:00 pm on Weekdays and all weekends and holidays. However for paying, 2 of the lots cost $3 and the other two cost $5 and they are all uncovered!

I only try to park when it is free and on the same lot... maybe one day I would figure out where the other lots located. 

Kennedy Subway Station is the last/first stop for TTC Bloor-Danforth Subway line so I always able to find a seat when I board the train here, that's always a plus for me!"
"One of the 6 and the newest Asian Legend restaurant in the GTA area.

They did a good job to remodel an 20 years old Swiss Chalet  into this modern looking restaurant. Only the structure of the old building remain, they did preserve the old supporting beams and the high spacious ceiling.

They have their own private lot, plenty of parking at the back.

When you walked in the restaurant, there is a waiting area where the hostess will be there to lead you to the table or if there is a wait there will be comfortable cushion chairs for you to sit on.

Insid the restaurant the lighting is quite dim. There are private rooms at the left side if you do has a big group and want to have some privacy. The tables are not set close together so you don't really feel crowded even when the place is busy.

The prices of the entrees maybe a little more than what other restaurants in the area are charging, but their ingredients are way better e.g. big scallops and shrimps in the seafood noodles. I think it worth the price they are charging.

This location of Asian Legend I found  they has much better wait staff than the one at Metropolitan and up at Richmond Hill. They are all helpful and polite when you has special request or help with the menu.

If you do want the dishes to be mild or extra spicy, they will accommodate your wishes too! (extra spicy please!)

For lunch, they has over 15 different specials for $5.99 or $6.99 that comes with a corn soup., which change every few months.

I love to order  take out from here as  they put all the food in nice reusable, microwavable plastic containers! I reused them to pack lunches and leftovers to bring to work!

They do ofter the VIP card for $20 that you get 10% off the bill everytime you go dine in or take out and they have rewards points that you can redeem as money to applied to your bill.

They accepts Interac, Visa and MC, not AMEX for orders over $10."
"Having Salepersons on commission sometimes is not a bad thing.

I know they can be pushy and aggressive but you know you would get service the moment you walk inside a Future Shop. I pre ordered a tablet for pick up and it was nice for someone to approach me and ask if I need any help when I was browsing around.

I do like the set up in the Kitchen appliance area where they try to showcase their products in a ""real"" kitchen set up. 

New and Spacious store. Ample Parking.

Not a bad location to check out the products after doing some research on their website!"
"Deep Fried Goodness!!

I tried the Chicken (Dark Meat) Katsu Burger and I have to say this is the best in town! 

Though I want to come and have one every week but I don't really want to be a Fat Ninja anytime so I would usually share that with a friend. That Katsu is MEGA size but still so juicy and tender. Biting in one give me this vision I am one of those Japanese food mangs's characters (Food Wars:  Shokugeki no Soma) going WILD.  

Love their soft serve: Matcha and Ube. And of course their taro chips!

Parking always an issue but I usually just walk over from Pacific Mall's parking. (A short walk is good for me!)

Menu though is simple but I like how Fat Ninja Bite works on making what they serves perfect.

Maybe I should try something else next time? But why I ended up always ordering the katsu?!"
"Go UPSTAIRS! 

Such a cozy and inviting space... fireplace, armchairs, bistro style round tables, communal tables... and electric outlets! It is just so quiet... feels like a library... without the kids section. shhhh....

Stay Downstairs?!

Big windows overlooking both Mt Pleasant and Soudan... There are also a patio on the side too for warming weather... A little more noisy.. A little more relax...

A little sad to see the Sweet Gallery closed... but this is a nice Starbucks!"
"Finally something interesting happening down at Front Street! 

I love the set up! The Popup vendors! Just the whole idea and concept and it is well executed! Here you can get a snack, a drink, a full meals from some of Toronto's most popular business/restaurants and some of them don't even have a store front!

Price might be a little more than getting from the original store but you can get everything here! Tacos from Mad Mexician, Burger from Holy Chuck and especially the over hyped Uncle Tetsu Cheesecake  was served as individual portion and no line up when I arrived around 10:30 am. 

There is also a nice seating area with entertainment. 

This is better than any food trucks or any of the gimmicky events I been to that required an admission fee and it will be here till end of September!

Too bad Toronto's summer is so short! Enjoy the experience while you can and hopefully this would be a constant yearly event from now on!"
"After my UYE: Yoga In the Park at Trinity Bellwoods Park, we were hungry and ready for the highlight of the UYE, BRUNCH!!

I don't know why we ended up at Parkette... I guess there was a table for the 5 of us with no wait and I never been here before really sealed the deal!

I shared with another yelper:

Egg Benedict with Fried Pork Belly ($12)/Corn Beef Hash with Eggs ($13) 

- I don't like Deep Fried Pork Belly!! I found it way too dry, chewy and rubbery!
- The harsh was not bad but taste a little bland

The services though was excellent. The atmosphere here is casual and laid back, great place to chill with friends on a Sunday afternoon.....

I might come back to Parkette for their dinner but I would just skip their brunch!"
"4 pages of lunch specials serves till 3 pm!

I can see why Mi Ne is packed with the office lunch crowds! 

This review is not too accurate as I didn't order my usual sushi or sashimi combo. But I know I will be back to try those out soon...really soon.

Beef Teriyaki Lunch Combo ($11) has enough greens that made me feel like I am eating super healthy. The beef though a little dry but still quite tasty.

I definitely will be back.

Interior is spacious and comfy, always a plus!"
"Daisuki Sushi is a good neighbourhood AYCE Japanese Restaurant. It's not worth a special trip up here.

Lunch Special ($11.99) is A-OK at this price point. 

- Salmon Sushi
- Spicy Salmon Sushi
- Spicy Salmon Handroll
- Eel Handroll
- California Roll
- Shrimp Tempura
- Deep Fried Tofu
- Korean BBQ Ribs
- Green Tea and Red Bean Ice Cream

All tasted decent. Great to come here if you have sushi/maki cravings as they do have a great selections of different rolls.

Only one waiter who dressed in his casual basketball outfit serving the lunch crowd. He got the job done and I got my tea refilled when I asked for more. Chinese pop music kept the sushi chef and waiter entertained while they were busy at work!

10% tips automatically added to the bill."
"Chingu Korean BBQ's Lunch Specials for $5.99! 

7 choices for the regular menu which are 2 dollars cheaper during lunch time and there are a few bento boxes selections. 

Service wise is quick and efficient.. I finished my lunch in less than 20 minute. 

All lunch includes miso soup and banchans. 

Bimbimbap I ordered was A-OK! Beef was tender and marinated in Korean sauce with a hint of seasame oil. Good mixture of both pickled and fresh vegetables. Though I found it better to be served in a hot stone pot but I found this version acceptable too. 

I think I want to be back to try out the Kimchi/Pork Bone/Tofu soup which are all for $5.99 during lunch specials. 

Good place for a cheap lunch date!"
"Sanko Trading looks so out of place in this part of Queen Street West! I was so surprise to see a store that devoted to all Japanese culture and items in this area of town!

The high standard and quality of Japanese goods and kitchenwares does reflect in the pricing at Sanko. I kind of used to the idea of Made in Japan VS Made in China, Expensive VS Cheap, Imported VS local... 

I would never have guess the cute little teacups I have at Sushi Tei (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/jWrnT-VNIsTKjHCTyj2hdw?select=e3lP3Js2gX8k9WOF9ieslg) cost $16 each!! But they sure are cute and good quality!

Love the noodle selections here!! Some of them I cannot get in the usual Chinese grocery stores I been too...

Maybe one day I have to try cooking some real Japanese food with the help of some of the premade ingredients in Sanko Trading!"
"This review might be a little bias. I love drinking beers but I never enjoy pub food. You can call your pub Gastropubs or whatever. I am not going to eat at pub unless I am so drunk and need to eat.

So this review has nothing to do with what food Barhop serves. All I care about is the BEER!

The choice here is identical to the original location. Impressive tap list on rotation from indie breweries.

Staff is knowledgeable and speaks Beer!

I love the deco here. Not as crowded and I am eyeing the roof top patio! All these potential! Just waiting for the summer.....

I think I will be coming to this location a little more often just to drink their beers!

Cheers!!"
"Mon Berri Frozen Yogurt really taste more like soft serve ice cream than Frozen Yogurt.

The Taro flavour is not too strong.. I feel it a little sweeter and a lot creamier than other Froyo I have before. Question how much calories does one servings has?  Also the taste is a little artificial. The toppings selections are really different corn puffs? mochi??!! yes I love mochi!

I don't really like the interior. Too white...everything is white with these colouring changing light panel on the side walls. The little hearts... I feel like this place belongs to Cali teenagers hanging place.

Free WIFI +0.5"
"I know it is another Starbucks and every Starbucks seems to be similar.

Usually most Starbucks has wooden chairs and this location has these plastic chairs? 
 
Constant people coming in and out but the line seems to move quick fast with 3 staffs working even on a weekday afternoon... but I didn't line up for my coffee.........busy checking in with my Yelp app... maybe the line took forever?? Now think about it, now I realized there was this frown on my Yelp friend's face!"
"I was just so excited the moment I stepped inside duo Patisserie & Cafe.

That buttery smell lingering in the air. I could see the pastry chef preparing all these baked goods from the back of the Cafe.

I was in love when I saw those Croissants ($2.50 - $3): So fluffy, buttery and I could not make up my mind: Plain? Ham and Cheese? Almond? Chocolate? Apple? 8? Apple was just so delish and heavenly... you gotta to try it!! 

Macaroons ($3): 7 different flavours including Matcha, Oolong, Earl Grey

Cakes ($5.50 and up): Hazel, Mont Blanc, Lemon Tart, Pistache and even a Gluten Free Ginger option!

Espresso drink using beans from local Pilot Coffee Roasters http://www.pilotcoffeeroasters.com/ . If you are a fan of Te Aro and Crafted, you would enjoy what they serves here. All the drinks are made with double shot espresso and the flavour is bolded and balanced.

Service here is excellent and friendly. Rocky, the barista even remember my name after we introduced each other. The duo: Barista and Pastry Chef working hard to prepare and serve the customers.

Love the greyish tones that they picked for colour theme. There is even a nice seating area if you want to enjoy your coffee and sweet. 

I will definitely be back to try out other dessert. Mont Blanc for $7 probably be the next on my list paired with a Americano!

Price though is definitely downtown pricing. But at least I don't need to travel all the way downtown to have a decent cup of cappuccino.

I welcome the ""duo"" to the neighbourhood and wish them the best of luck!"
"Big Sign screaming SUSHI SUSHI, hey how can I resist.. as sushi definitely is my weakness... 

Sushi Sushi Japanese Restaurant aside from serving sushi, they have what they call Tableside Cooking. It really is their version of having a Teppanyaki in the dining area, so customers can watch their food getting prepare.. 

Lunch Special starting at $4.99, I should not be complaining?? But the sushi itself was disappointing... 

Sushi Set ($7.99) 
- It came with the MOST salty Miso Soup I ever tasted in my life... just saltiness that send my blood pressure up the ceiling... I just could not even eat that... 
- Sushi presentation looks cute.. in a sense that the shari rice ball are miniature in sizes... and the fish itself were not fresh, except the salmon... 

Services are A-OK.... I know it is not fair to rate this restaurant just based on my Sushi Set... but as a sushi joint that call itself Sushi Sushi, they cannot do the basic thing right. 

Maybe the teppanyaki might be better... I would suggest just skip the sushi at Sushi Sushi.. or just skip Sushi Sushi completely!"
"Lunch Specials and Late Night Specials!! Ming Lou Chinese Restaurant is just my kind of place!!

After all those drinks and mini snacking at the Elite Party, we were still hungry.. We tried to look for a place that opens late in North York that we have never Yelped before... using my yelp friend's drive around looking for light method.. we found Ming Lou..

2 can dine from $8.99 that includes a congee, a noodle dish and a snack...  The food was plenty, we ended up having leftover to pack home!

Chiu Chow Congee/Chiu Chow Style Fish Noodle/Veggie $13.99
- Big bowl of congee really hit the spot.. and the Fish Noodle is chewy with a distinct texture which I enjoyed..

Deep Fried Duck Chin ($4.95)
- You do need the skill and the patient to eat those chins, as all the good meat are just in between all the bones... 
- It is a great dish to munch over some iced cold beer, sharing with your friends and just talks about nonsense!!

BTW, the beer here is $2.50 a bottle for domestic and $3 for an import.

The staffs here were so nice and joke around with us...and food was delivered to our table minutes after we ordered... but we were the only table there... so I cannot comment on how it would be during busy dinner time!"
"Sugar Sweet Cafe

This Hong Kong Style's Cafe name in English and it's Chinese name ""Octopus"" might both be disappointing to some...

If you looking for Sugar Sweet's dessert? you definitely be disappointed..as the menu feature exclusively Hong Kong Style's restaurant selections ...

If you looking for specialized octopus cuisine... (live octopus? Takoyaki?) I don't see that on the menu either...

Wednesday's afternoon tea time in Scarborough... this place was packed, these people must know something I don't.. since this is the first time I come here!!

Waitress suggested not to order any wonton or dumpling noodles as it would take forever for the food arrive. forever is NOT 5 min.. is 15 minute.. so Skip that! Since one go to Cafe of this type is for fast food!!!

Preserved Vegetable Pork Vermicelli ($4.25) and Beef Briskets Rice Noodle ($4.50) with drinks were both A-OK. Portion size is big..Not too often when my yelp buddy would comment that ""Hey! This is a lot of Noodle!"" 

So come to Sugar Sweet Cafe if you want to have something affordable, decently tasty and fast!!"
"I have really really low expectation... and I been warned by all my friends about my decision of taking a Greyhound bus to NYC!

10 hours+ bus ride... with over 50 strangers... in a cramped space...

Good thing about taking a Coach is I can pack all the liquids I want without worrying about TSA.. One or 2 suitcases without any surcharges...I will be right downtown when I arrive in NYC without taking another bus/train/taxi...It is less than 1/4 the price I am paying if I fly!!

Bad thing of course is the long long time it takes to get there!!

Wifi though slow worked fine.. I have 2 outlets to charge my phones... The immigration process was painless, I have much longer lines at YYZ...I slept all the way through...Zzzzzz..everyone on the bus were sleeping!!

I did have a little incident since my first bus blew a tire... but our driver handled that efficiently with another replacement bus waiting for us at the next closest bus station!! 

Yes I am crazy.. I would take a bus again... but it has to be an overnight ride and I can just wake up and be at my destination!!"
"3.5 Star

Bulgogi Brothers Grand Opening Today!!

Lunch Specials (starting from $16.99), a good way to try out what they offers, since that includes:

- Soup (chicken with a really thick consistency)
- Warm Chicken Salad (Chicken is a little overcooked and dried..but have good seasonings)
- Main
- Noodles or Rice 

Banchens are really good, nicely presented and definitely house made as the flavours are quite unique. My fave is the pickled hot pepper.

For Main I opt for their Seoul Style Bulgogi, which is the most popular items in the menu.

The beef is well seasoned with a mix of sliced beef, onion, vegetables and cooked right on my table. Nice to have someone else cooks and serves when I am eating out. 

For the side I decided on the Naengmyeon (Korean Cold Noodle), perfect for this hot summer afternoon, as I was sweating and drinking the cold tea like I am down in equator. The noodles is nicely presented... like a mini version of the one I usually have...  the broth though lack the subtle flavour of beef... 

Services is good since the manager/supervisor was taking care of me most of the time.. took my order and cooked my food... My own waiter though is a little indifference and green... but is the first day, I do understand that.

Bulgogi Brothers does give me faith that I can go enjoy Korean BBQ alone.. or even for lunch as the menu are all priced per person and there's no minimum order. 

Decoration is chic and modern... There is a bar area if you want to just have a drink or something small...and even a patio........ Soju cocktails for Happy Hour, anyone?

PS, I think some sweet is missing for my lunch... if I can have a Sikhye, then it would be perfect!!!"
"3.5 Star (Rounded up to 4 as it might be the only Indie Coffeeshop in the area)

The Grackle Coffee with a small town charm. 

Nice outdoor area in the front perfect for a nice sunny day. 

They uses coffee from Dark City Coffee Co in Toronto. http://www.darkcitycoffee.com/ My macchiato was nice and balance. For Cappuccino, I do suggest getting a double shot of espresso, but the milk was frothed perfectly. 

A lot of baked good that looks yummy in the display case.

Wifi is available. Especially great if you are not on Bell network as Schomberg is a dead zone for Rogers...."
"I walked into Edward Levesque's Kitchen on my random A Day of Leslieville. Turned right on Greenwood and Edward Levesque's Kitchen is the first decent looking eatery that was still opened for late lunch. The chefs busy working in the front was the another reason that pulled me in.

Tuna Melt ($7) has a generous serving of green salad with a light dressing. The open face sandwich itself was light with just a touch of cheddar cheese. The ingredients were fresh and I felt healthy after eating that!

I found the lighting a little dim for a lunch/brunch..but overall it was a great experience!

footnote: they ran out of the multigrain bread and substitute with something else...."
"Vivo Pizza+Pasta reminds me of Levetto Similar concept but much better execution.

Menu is small and simple with: Antipasti ($9) Pizza/Pasta ($13) Secondi ($17) Dessert ($6) 

Highly recommend their Wood Burning pizzas as the ingredients so fresh, crust so thin! I love my Prosciutto pizza! Rigatoni Al Ragu ($13) has a nice house made meat sauce and Caesar Salad ($9) was fresh and crisp! Their house made hot sauce is light in spice and big in flavour, remember to ask for it!

Service is fast and prompt. Might not be a date restaurant but great for a quick bite.

Good solid Italian food at a reasonable price. Space is small but have a great lively vibe."
"Talking about consistency! I have been to this Keg for years and I have never have a disappointing experience!

Service is always good and friendly. My steak always cooked the way I like and if there's any issue, the staff is always happy to have it redone.

Special requests always fulfilled with a smile: less salt, sauce on the side, more vegetables instead of starch... 

I love their dinning room in this new location: more spacious, have more lighting and higher ceiling.

Yes, I will be back."
"Walima Cafe was such a disappointment.... The website, menu and even the decoration show a lot of promise... for some yummy Moroccan food.... 

The only good part of the meal aside from the deco... yes I just love those cushion sofa type seatings... was the Harissa (hot sauce)!! My yelp dinner mates just drowned everything in the Harissa to give some kick and spice to the food. 

Grilled Merguez - Moroccan style sausages served with Harissa ($6.25) was the best dish of the night... the sausages was tasty and has great flavour 

Marrakesh Chicken Tagine, chicken with saffron potatoes and preserved lemons, olives ($13.25) 
- I would not have consider this as a tagine as the chicken was definitely not cooked in low heat over a period of time... a fast food version maybe? 
- white meat was used and the chicken was dried and not tender at all 
- the broth is interesting though really light 

Kofta Tagine ($11.95) 
- ground meat balls cooked in tomato sauce with an fried egg on top? 
- Maybe it is our fault to pick this dish as it tasted like Italian meatballs?? 

Sahara Chicken Bastilla ($13.75) 
- The outer layer of the pastry was nicely done..but the chicken was overcooked and the whole bastilla was really dry 
- lack the complexity contrast of sweet and saltiness of the other bastilla I had before 

Mint Tea ($5) 
- A-OK... and love the standard Moroccan presentation... 

I don't think I would be coming back to Walima Cafe again... it was just a totally disappointing experience."
"Fairview Seafood Chinese Cuisine is located right at the corner of Markham and Sheppard. 

They serves congee, noodle and Cantonese Entrees dishes. The price here is really cheap. 

The shrimp dumpling noodles I ordered is so sizable and it is only for $3.99! The shrimp dumplings are so huge with tons of shrimps inside. There is so much noodles, I can barely finish it!

The rice noodle with mushroom and chicken is freshly steamed ($2.99). I really enjoy that too!

Though the interior of the restaurant is really dated and not really clean. But it is a good place to get a cheap meal.

Cash only!

No Lunch Specials!

PS they have special of spending $20 before taxes and you can get a lobster for $9.99."
"Ajax is lucky to have a Chocolats Favoris in their neighbourhood! 

I had been to the location at Aurora and love their option of chocolate dipped Soft Serve. 

Baby Cone is usually my choice as with the sweet chocolate dipping, getting the bigger size would be just too much for me as a light snack.

Service here is friendly. I love how I can try out the dipping before ordering.

For the most Instragrammable photos, you might need to go all the way and upgrade the basic to Kooky."
"The reason I love Thai food is their clever use of different spices and herbs to create the 5 different taste sweet, sour, bitter, spicy and salty. 

Sorn Thai Restaurant is a sad example of Thai food. I tried:

Sorn Combination Platter ($13.95) and Thai Spicy Noodle ($10.45) were both blend tasting. I requested to have my Noodle extra spicy and it still came out flat and one dimensional: salty.

Serioulsy, my friend order a Beef in Oyster Sauce ($13.95) at that price point is insanely overpriced!

The only thing good is their Singha and their polite service.

Now I know why I haven't been to Sorn Thai as yet. And I sure did not miss anything."
"Beiruti Grand Cafe does have a lot of potential. 

The interior is just so spacious but it just feels like something is missing. The decoration is like work in progress and they had been open for months?!

The dessert looks wonderful but just lack labeling. For new customers like myself, I don't really know the name and ingredients of those beautiful pastries/cakes in the display case. That chocolate thing looks good? That is like a mango mousse because it is yellow? The green most be pistachio?!

We ordered Marraskesh Mint Tea ($2.50), Macchiato ($2.75) and Pistachio Mousse ($6) which were delivered to our table after we paid at the cash.

The Pistachio Something was really delicious! Nutty and has a layer of cherry jello filling and topped with some cherries.

The tables and chairs here are really ""plasticky"" and IKEAish which I won't associate that with a ""Grand"" Cafe. Maybe the nicer ones are still on back orders?! They did spend quite a bit on the faucets in the washrooms as they are Dyson Airblade Tap with a price tag of close to $2000 each!!  http://www.dyson.com/hand-dryers/airblade-tap.aspx

Beiruti Grand Cafe is worth coming back again for their dessert and some quiet time with friends. I probably will be back."
"I am so glad I come to Tracy Dessert when I have a craving for Chinese dessert one evening.

The fresh fruit with grass and sea jello I ordered really comes with fresh fruits! No Del Monte canned fruit at all.. Thanks so much! I was so happy. The only complain is the grass jello though home made not from can is a little too soft without too much texture and bite.

I for sure will be back again and again to try out their other desserts!!

It is so interesting that they put down the reason why they prepare certain food on the menu and what it is good for and who should not be eating that and why!

BTW, I wish they have better hours... they don't open till 2 pm till weekdays.. if not I can drop by for my lunch time desert.. (maybe not, I might get fat..........if I do that too often!)

They accepts CASH only!"
"2.5 stars

I really want to love Smash Kitchen & Bar and support local small business, but Smash is really missing something that makes me want to go back any time soon.

Smash Kitchen & Bar takes over the space that used to be Bluestone (RIP). If I didn't see the menu, I would have thought it is an identical restaurant as not much had been done in redecorating or renovating the place.

The cocktails menu is quite interesting with some twist to the all time favourites are priced from $7. 

Citrus Caipininha ($7) -  cachaca, blood orange, freshly squeezed citrus, maple syrup and citrus curl is quite delicious and cooling, especially in a hot summer evening.

Smash Sliders ($11) the patties are pan fried but cooked with a little pink inside and quite moist.

Brick Chicken ($20) is the best thing we ordered. The chicken is moist and tender and smokey!! Even the white meat is surprising well flavoured. Too bad they over grilled the asparagus and where's my chipotle roasted corns?

Seafood Linguini ($18) though no extra cost to substitute for whole wheat is a bad move. The waitress did not advise us that only whole wheat penne available. The mussels are not fresh and the tomato sauce has a spicy kick to it and my DC hates everything!! Poor me ended up stuck with the pasta!
 
Since Smash Kitchen is quite new, staffs really need more training. I really felt that services are lacking and just little details that made my dinner experience not as enjoyable.

- Water never refills until asked
- Right cutlery not supplied until requested twice: how can I eat my chicken with a small fork?? 
- waitress not really sure about menu or make helpful suggestions
- The restaurant is not even busy and I felt neglected...not a good feeling...
 
I am not sure if I coming back to Smash Kitchen again at least not for the food, since at this price point there are quite a few options... maybe for a drink on the patio..."
"I don't understand why so many people like shopping here!!

OK, the price maybe cheapest but the crowds, the smell and this place is filthy!

When Uni Mart was here , I used to go to buy prepared food and now I refused to buy anything here! The ingredients they use is not even worth what you paying for.. 

In the summer, they left all the fruits in front of the stores underneath the sun.. there are tons of fruit flies on them...

I rather pay a little more and go to T&T at least the place is cleaner.

They accept CASH and Interac only."
"Sunday afternoon....Don't expect Greenwood Park would be a nice place to chill..have a nap underneath the shade or read a book? 

All I heard was people cheering, ball hitting against baseball bats.... If you into watching ""action"" then it would have been the park to be.

There is an fenced off lease area for dogs, but the whole hour I was there, I only saw 2 dogs.... 

One good or bad thing about the park is there are not kids playground... good for me? bad for the kids and families?"
"I ordered my usual House Special Pho at Pho Pad Thai.

Good that there is a choice of fresh or dried noodle. The broth itself is quite flavoured with a great aroma of star anise and the portion is quite decent.

Service is fast and friendly. Though no lunch special available but the price is reasonable with a small pho at $6.50.

Pho Pad Thai might not be my usual pho joint, but it is clean and spacious so I definitely would be coming back here again."
"2.5 star

Sometimes you wondering why all these AYCE Hot Pot restaurants all opened up all close together. Lucky Season is one of the newest one that opened up at the Leslie/Hwy 7 area.

This used to be a Cantonese Restaurant. A lot of work have done to the interior to transformed it to a Hot Pot Restaurant.  

Hot Pot with Seafood Platter ($20.99 per person, $2 extra on weekends)
- lobster, shrimps, oysters, mussels, salmon, white fish, squid, cuttlefish
- other selections are quite decent similar to other hot pot restaurants in the area

The complimentary soup bases are quite interesting too, aside from the usual, there is Laksa and Thai Coconut Chicken Soup too.

The sauces are served in the jars which they delivered to the table. I found the Laksa soup a little on the weak side, so I put extra dry chili flakes in....

There are also 5 desserts that they offers, I found they were all too sweet and tasted like they have left heating on top of the stove for quite awhile. 

Service is really friendly. The staffs checked on us all through the evening, kept asking if we need to order more food...... and asked why we not eating more since it is AYCE.

10% is added automatically on your bill which they calculate based on after tax total of your check.

Overall, Lucky Season is not too bad... but I found a lot of their items lack ""Freshness"" including vegetables, meat and seafood.... and even desserts tasted stale............."
"The menu here is identical to the other Chinese Dumpling House at Metro Square. 

Since I am with a vegetarian friend, I ended up ordering the mushroom/cabbage dumplings ($4.99) and the Green Onion Pancake ($1.99). 

I am surprise how good that mushroom/cabbage dumplings taste! Though may not as juicy as a meat variety but think about it, I feel a lot healthier and I did not feel I am missing something. You can see how the dumplings are made freshly for you from scratch through the see through divider.

I found the dumplings smaller in size than the one at Metro Square. I don't know because I ordered the vegetarian version here VS the meat version, it might affect the size though...

However, the Green Onion Pancake.. is way too oily! There are oil dripping down each piece and another puddle on the dish! I know it is call ""Green Onion oil cake"" but it is the most oily thing I ever ate!

We were so full even with 2 items.. $5 each with tips and taxes.

It does get busy during lunch hour, even without any lunch specials.
They accepts Mastercard."
They are CLOSED!!
"If I going to rate just on Bulldog's Bulldog ($3.50), I would have give it a 4.5 star. One of the best cappucino/latte I had lately. 

You just know that you are drinking a good coffee when you drinking one. Velvety, smooth, balanced... good to the last drop...lovely latte art  (no it is not a quote from a commercial!!)

Then Why not that 4 star?? 
- limited seatings
- no WIFI (maybe it is a blessing so you might get a seat!!)
- a little out of the way... but worth your while if you want a good drink
- doesn't have much character in deco... I think it is kind of cheesy having the huge print out from newspaper articles about how good their coffees are...

I will be back!! At least this location is closer to me than their downtown location!"
"Hot Summer Night+Beers+Live Jazz Music+Friends = A Winner at Castro's Lounge

After walking for hours in the hot summer sun, I am so ready to chill, and I decided to leave my friends at the beach and come to Castro's for some beer!

Great Selections of Beer both in bottles, drafts and casks

I ended up trying:
Maredsous 10 ($9.35) - winner
Mort Sub Gueuze ($9.35) - meh 
Piraat ($7.50) - winner
Lindemans Framboise ($16) - overpriced, only if you really like beer extra fruity and ultra carbonated!

The Jazz Band Mediterranean Star is lively and entertaining, everyone really enjoys their performances. 

Love the coziness of Castro's Lounge. The crowds are laidback and friendly. 

I can stay here and drink beers the whole night

Burp! Where are my friends?"
"DavidsTea is in Scarborough!!

I don't believe my eyes when I saw DavidsTea store in Scarborough Town Centre. 

The set up is similar to other DavidsTea locations where you can buy tea by the weight, smell all the tea you want and can ask the sales all sort of questions :)

I will be a regular in this location from now on.. instead of traveling all the way to Promenade!"
"I been eyeing Momoyama for the longest time. It looks really traditional outside, when I walked in, I was so pleasantly surprise. The inside is nicely decorated, modern and minimalistic, with a nice hue of green..

Lunch Specials here is till 4:00 PM, great to drop by for a late lunch or as an afternoon tea.

Sushi B ($9.95)
- Tempura bits/noodles Soup and Salad which has really light dressing were A-OK
- The fish here are fresh and better quality and variety compare to a lot of other restaurants I been to at this price point
- The Shari rice was nicely vinegared, round, firm and has a great bite
- California rolls oh with a nice balance of cucumber and avocado.. perfectly rolled into large bite size!

Services here is fast and friendly... Korean sushi chefs and wait staffs are all really friendly.

Lunch specials does have a wide variety of bento boxes and combos with cooked food. There are also great selections of maki. 

I think I would definitely be back to try out some other items in the menu!"
"This have to be the best year for Woofstock according to Momo!

He took his mama there on a Sunday. The weather was perfect as it was overcast, cool and with no rain. May not be perfect human outing weather, but great for dogs that has long fur and breathing problem.

I have to say this is the busiest year for Woofstock compare to other years I have been. There are a lot more exhibitors and manufacturers handing out free samples!

All the dogs behave so well! Just think about with hundreds of dog gathering there, they all got along peacefully.

Kudo to all the restaurants in the area able to accomodate the doggies and their owners in their patios! Wish Momo can have lunch or enjoying a latte/beer/cocktail in the patios more often.

So looking forward to another Woofstock! BTW, I think they going to have another one in the Winter. But I wondering if there will be admission since it is down at the CNE ground."
"Slurping down my bowl of guai-tiaw at Thai Noodle brought back memories.. my favourite memories of vacationing in Bangkok... chowing down bowls of noodles at street vendors... 

Here at Thai Noodle there are 15 or so different combination of Thai noodle you can choose from.. with different meat (pork/beef/chicken), seafood or even vegetarian versions from $6.95, in spicy or non spicy broth. 

Guay Tiew Tom Yam Gai ($8.95) 
- Rice Noodles with chicken, crispy wontons, fish balls, tofu in Tom Yum Soup 
- Really savoury soup.. seasoned with fish sauce, salty in a satisfying way 
- Peanuts, green onions, and coriander added great flavours 
- Portion size is a little small... great as snack... or you might have to order a second 

Love how condiments are on the side so you can adjust to your own taste: 
- dried chili for spiciness 
- fish sauce for saltiness 
- chili in vinegar for sourness 
- sugar for sweetness 

Of course for me will be dried chili to fired up my taste buds!! :) 

Thai Iced Tea ($2.50) was a great drink to cool me down while I slurping those rice noodles and drinking the soup... 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard.

Too bad.. the Guay Tiew here is not as cheap as Thailand's! :)"
"OK I have to admit that I am a sucker for latte art... And Bulldog Coffee latte art is just awesome... :) 

Fully packed on a Tuesday afternoon.. I managed to get a seat enjoying this cozy space, watching the barista working side by side and just enjoying my cappuccino... I was not even on my Blackberry since I was out of power.. 

There are a lot of those bulldog theme drinks and treats... The nice barista did explain to me what Bulldog and Blanco Bulldog are!! :)

A lot of Ryerson students hanging around meeting up with friends... Just love the university vibe! Feels like I am back in school...."
"St Andrews Fish and Chips is located in one of those strip in Scarborough. I have been shopping at the Global Pets next door for a few years and I never even notice its existence...

My fellow yelper said let's try Fish and Chips... hmmm You know I don't like Deep Fried food too much or non Asian food... but what the heck!

I am happy that I have lunch here, not only it has reasonably priced lunch specials $6.45 each.  The fish is coated in a light batter, deep fried to golden crispy colour,  It  is not too oily and not fishy for sure.  

My advice is don't order the soup.. the clam chowder is the canned type.

The Deep Fried Oreos with ice cream for sure is a nice surprise! Yummmmy!

Now I know where to go if I have cravings for some Fish and Chips and of course deep fried desserts!!

They accepts all credit cards."
"The first ever Premium Outlet in Canada opens in Toronto area today! 

This is certainly exciting news for Shoppers. What makes Toronto Premium Outlets different than Vaughan Mills? 

If you want to go to somewhere as a ""destination"", you might be disappointed here. There are only shops and nothing much fun for the kids to do. The option for food is disappointing too, with only 6 Fast Food option that is even less than some of the smaller neighbourhood malls!!

I do have to give Toronto Premium Outlets some credit for bring some International based shops to Toronto: Icebreaker Merino (New Zealand), Mountain Warehouse (UK), Ted Baker London (UK) and even the first Restoration Hardware outlet in the province.

The Grand Opening Special is great if you have the time to line up before the store is open! I got a $25 Puma Gift Card and can spend on anything on top of the discount and specials! Sweet.

I would not go back until the excitement die down as it was quite busy at some stores (Coach, Michael Kor) with people lining up to get in!

Great location, Right off Hwy 401and Trafalgar Road."
"LoPan has this nice Speakeasy vibe. It is located at the 2nd floor of DaiLo and actually is part of DaiLo as their bar snacks really come from the same kitchen.

We popped in for a pre dinner cocktail and even our friendly bartender was surprised to see us. He thought we came to the wrong bar? But when I walked into LoPan, I knew it is the perfect venue for a quick drink/snacks and just have a good time with friends.

Cocktails was well crafted and I do love the Asian twist on some of them. I love spicy cocktails and my Stockholm Knights in this cute Tiki mug really hit the spot.

I know I will be back next time when I am in Little Italy wondering where I should go for a drink......"
"Ming Cuisine is a higher end Chinese that opened up recently in Richmond Hill.

The restaurant though smallish but nicely decorated. Love the blue and white theme instead of all those glittering gold. 

Lunch Special $8.99 includes soup, spring roll and a noodle/rice dish. There are snacks and sides for around $5 which is great to share.

Since I arrived for a late lunch, their usual double boiled soup 炖湯 was gone but replaced by fish maw soup which was good and supposed to be healthy too.

For main I ordered  Rice in Lotus Leaf 秘製荷葉飯. It does take awhile to arrive as they all made to order. The portion is huge!  Great to share.

Definitely worth coming for lunch. The special order menu can be quite interesting. Just make sure you call for reservations!"
"Fok Yuan Seafood Restaurant is located inside the strip plaza near the food court area. I did not even know it exist because I never see it when I drive along Midland Ave. But on a cold winter night, my friend ask why we go eat some hot pot but not the AYCE type.

The interior looks and feels dated. This place totally has this old school feel. 

As planned we ordered: Chicken 清平雞($15.99) + Herbal Soup Base 藥材湯底($4) + Fatty Beef 肥牛($12.99)

Great for a cold day as the broth and the chicken both suppose to be immune-stimulating and restorative. All I know was I feel warm and fuzzy after I finished my meal.

Service here is fast and efficient. 

A decent place if you want some cheap eat."
"This Sears Home location is quiet on a weekday but I think that's the best time to visit if you want to browse around and get service.

Saleperson is readily available to answer all question and willing to make deals on floor model furniture.

Not a bad place to check out if you are furniture shopping but it lacks selection if your have a condo or a smaller space... Yup those huge sofa sure looks comfy but I guess I need to get another house first.."
"Borsalino Dining Lounge is a welcome addition to this neighbourhood, especially if you want some alternative dining choice aside from Asian food.

This used to be Joey Bravo's and the new owner kept most of the decoration and have the same set up. Dining room area on the left and Bar area with big screen TVs showing sport event on the right.

Lunch Menu available so not a bad choice if you want to have a salad, burger, pasta or sandwich for lunch.

Meat Balls Sandwich on Ciabatta Bread with Side Greek Salad ($10.95) was quite good. With a big menu, I think it is a good place to come for lunch with a group.

There are some mainstream beers on draft plus Rolling Rock and Shock Top if you want to have a nightcap or drink. 

I probably be back for lunch again if I have cravings for some pasta..."
"I just cannot resist any baked goods that are fresh out of the oven!

Hot to Touch, Soft and chewy inside and Smell like a little piece of heaven!

It is not a simple task of picking a combination of dough and mix to make your fellow yelpers that too lazy to think happy... When one said doesn't matter.. but ended up she hated peanut butter of anything!

I ended up using the pre selected cookies mix selections on the board Sweet Flour Bake Shop provide instead of inventing a combination of my own..

Dark Chocolate with More Chocolate Cookie
- Love Dark Chocolate and this is a keeper!
Peanut Butter dough with More Peanut Butter bits and Almond
- Love almonds... which give the cookie a nice crunch... it is not as peanut butter tasting as the ingredients made it sounded like.. in fact just a little hint of peanut butter

Advice:
- Though it is really tempting to just  start eating the cookies right away when served.. it is so tempting as you been waiting to for it for almost 10 minute and more. Just breath and chill.. because when you wait till the cookies cool down a bit, you will find it taste so much better!!
- Don't order the Cookie Sandwich! It is a waste of both your money and your calories!

I will definitely be getting another one of those cookies when I am in the neighbourhood next time! And I am not surprise if you going to find a Sweet Flour Bake Shop franchise store in your area really soon..."
"I drove by Thomson Memorial Park numerous of times and finally I got a chance to visit this afternoon.

The park is nice because it has a lot of open spaces and also a lot of mature tree that provide a lot of shaded area.

FYI, Thomson Memorial Park is the birthplace of the City of Scarborough. First opened in 1960, the park commemorates the site staked out by the first settlers of Scarborough, the Thomson family, who arrived in 1796. 

For sure to visit the Museum on site which will provide you with more information of the history of Scarborough!

Trails, Tennis Court, Baseball Diamonds, Soccer Field and even a Kid's Wading pool! Free for all to enjoy!"
"I have an excellent experience using my Passport to Prana at Tula West! 

We were running late late late... Rolling in the studio at 10:30 AM class at 10:30 AM is so not cool... But the staff at the front and the teacher both really nice and more than happy to take us in! I promised I will definitely be at least 10 min early next time!! I just hate running late! 

Hot Hatha Class was packed... and Hot!! The room is spacious but it was a sunny morning and I felt I do need to wear my sunglasses or put on my suntan lotion with the bright sunshine shining into the room.... The sun did make the room extra hot.... 

Instructor was super nice... going around adjusting poses and I got quite a bite of adjustments and attentions.. since I was in the front roll and cannot be lazy.. :) 

Change Room is small...but manageable... Love the nice smelling spa quality shampoo/conditioner/shower gel!! 

I do like like Tula West much better than Tula Central. I found the atmosphere here at Tula West more laid back and the layout more spacious! 

I will definitely want to come back here for more classes!"
"Yiu's Chinese Cuisine is another new Hong Kong Style cafe just opens up in this plaza. 

More choices for me to dine in as a lone diner especially they offers all day special that includes a drink at $4.95! 

A lot of choices should able to make every one happy.

Beef Ball & Fish Ball Soup Noodle ($5.50) was quite standard but the Milk Tea was meh. Tea was not served hot enough and tasted like it been sitting around for awhile. 

Service though is really friendly and polite.

The elevator background music is really annoying... scream....."
"You will be really surprise how busy this place can be during lunch hour.

They specialized in Vietnamese beef soup noodle and curry. I always order either the small size Tom Yum beef noodle soup or if I have 2 person then we will share a medium size. The broth is really favoured, not salty. Their small size is equal to a medium at other restaurants. 

Service is fast and prompt! And the price is great!

BTW, no lunch special... is the same menu for the whole day...

Please don't sit near the little opening where the wait staff pick up the food. You will have a view of the kitchen..(which I prefer not to see).

CASH only!"
"Why would I go to Homestyle Caribbean?? 

- I have to admit because they have Lunch Specials which I could not resist. 
- My ""never give 5 star"" Yelp friend giving this takeout place a solid 4 and telling the Yelp world that eating Jerk Chicken made him emotional and cried??! 
- My""secret following my reviews"" Yelp Fan private messaged me saying I have to go eat at Homestyle.. 

Unfortunately their lunch specials ($4.99) no longer includes pop.. but pop is not too good for you anyway. I still giving them 4 stars because of the food... 

Jerk Chicken Lunch Specials ($4.99) 
- Generous jerk rub seasoning..so spicy...so good...and have a complex flavour... 
- Dark Meat!! Unhealthy but tasty... Moist and tender... 
- ""OMOMOMOMOMO!"" 

Now I need to go back and try the Jerk Pork.. wondering if it is as good and sinfully fatty! 

Fish's Friday if you are looking for Caribbean style escovitch, steamed fish or brown fish stews..."
"An evening at Barhop and I was ""hop""ping home in a good mood...

A huge improvement in the food menu and now they have 36 beers on tap + 2 casks with a rotating selections!

Gnocchi Poutine ($8.95) is a ""healthier"" version since nothing is deep fried? Quite filling and great to keep my tummy full while I drink my beers.

I tried some imported and local beers:

Dieu du Ciel Peche Mortel
Liefmans Fruitbeir
Sawdust City Whiskey Barrel Aged Long, Dark Voyage to Uranus
Beau's Wag The Woof Hopfenseisse
Beau's Beaver Ricer I.P. Eh? (Cask)
Ommegang BPA
County Durham Blak Katt Stout

If you not sure what you want to drink, you can order 5oz sample glasses or you can ask the bartender who is really knowledgeable and can answer all your questions!

I will be back... 

$5 Ontario Pint on Sunday... just look for the ** next to the beer name on the menu for special pricing!"
"The Baking Show is just too sweet!

Tons of vendors giving out free samples, made me go on sugar high and just could not concentrate.

A lot of free demo in the main stage and even in individual booths, great if you enjoy baking.

The free grab bags seems to be the hottest item ..why I have to fight with people in order to get one??

The $1 shots at the lounge made me a happy camper!!!  I had 7 of those and go home happy...

."
"A Bacon in my Caesar!

After our Bacon Fest Yelp Elite Event, I just have more urges to eat more bacon?!

Molson Canadian Caesar ($6.75) is a mix of Beer and Bacon! The 2 things that my Yelp Friend really enjoys!

My Smokey Chipotle and Lime Caesar ($6.75) has a peppered bacon too! Just be careful of the super spicy olives!

Now I don't know if I would ever drink a Classic Caesar about all these different versions. I just could not resist the tangy pickled beans and of course the BACON!

Boston Pizza bar area was packed even on a Tuesday night?! I guess I will be back for more Caesars."
"Good Place if you want something cheap and fast and taste ok.

Nothing fancy.. You know you can eat here for a good price..

They have specials the whole day.. the lunch order are big, you can share it with another person.

For dinner, you can pick any combinations of entrees dishes and they all come with soup and rice. There are choices of over 50 different entrees to choose from. 

The selections are quite good with choices of some home cook style dishes!! And for a 2 choice entress dinner set, 2 can eat for $12.. however portion might be a little small.. 

It can be busy during dinner hours.

CASH only!"
"Alegno Restaurant? Where is it? My Yelp Drinking Buddy went ""huh""? 

If you drive, there is complimentary parking, entrance at the back of the building. Or you can park on the side street, free parking on weekends or weekdays after 6 pm.

Alegno is definitely a family owned restaurant with the Italian mama in the house. Mama is no nonsense and efficient... don't expect professional service. You get your food and eat it and at least all the food we ordered are decent.

Margherita ($8.95) is not bad... just wish for fresh basil... The crust is on the crispy side.

Fish of the Day - Tilapia ($ 21.95) I found it is over seasoned

Homemade Tiramisu ($6.95) definitely not for sharing. Smallish in portion but was soaked in coffee liquor

We finished all the food we ordered, and of course Mama shown her approval..."
"I have been to Chiu Chow Boy numerous time over the years. 

Good for quick lunch or late night since it opens way passed midnight. Great for a midnight snack. Chiu Chow Style congee is easy on the digestive system and great to eat before bed time.

Marinated item: duck, octopus, sausage, duck feet, tofu goes well with congee. And of course, one can order other stir fried items.

Oysters and Minced Pork Congee ($8.99) was fresh and tasty but took a while to be served.

Great neighbourhood restaurant."
"After my visit to the Barchef, I realized my search for the best cocktail lounge in Toronto is over !

No,  I didn't try one of those fancy molecular drinks.  I just have one of those basic cocktails which cost $13 and even at the first sip  and I knew! One might argue that it is pricey, but when you realized all those unique ingredients that they used to make your drink were prepared and infused in house, the receipe for  the exact portion to make a balanced and polished drinks,  it really does worth that price tag. 

Though the loungers looked comfortably inviting,  sit at the bar!  Talk to the bartender,  watch he prepares all the drinks,  that alone is an experience!

My Yelp Drinking Buddy would have ordered more drinks and food if not for our dinner reservations  at 8 PM. I just love my Strawberry and Lavender Cocktail ($13) which was so delicious, I licked every single lavender infused sugar off the rim of my martini glass.

And it was also the rare occasion that I fought and made sure I had my share of the Sliders($13). Hey, get your hands off my half of the slider!  Don't even think about it! 

I definitely will be back again and again to Barchef for some of their cocktails and a pre dinner snack!"
"Love the walk in beer cooler! It is such a treat to shop for beer here when outside is hot and humid!

I wish my fridge can be that well stocked as here, even all the imports here are nice and cold and ready to drink!

Staff are fresh to act by opening up more cash registers when the lines starts getting longer.

I will be back!"
"3.5 stars 

I wondering if Kim Po Vietnamese Restaurant are franchising? This is one of the 6 locations in the GTA, and one of the newer locations. 

New restaurants, new furnishing, new everything and is much cleaner than the other ones I been to. 

The menu is similar though... mostly pho and buns based... good for a quick meal... 

Large Vietnamese Laksa Noodle Soup ($7.95) was A-OK. Broth has a touch of coconut, curry and generous use of garnishes like green onions, dry shallots and coriander. 

Services was fast and friendly.. waitress speaks both Cantonese, English and Mandarin, just take your pick of languages.

Open till 4 AM everyday!!! That's so amazing!"
"Taps & Tales is one of the best bar in the Danforth/Greenwood Area. At least I would consider pop in here for a quick drink pre dinner.

Great selections of bottle and can beers around the world and priced decently too! There are also quite a few of selections on draft.

Pints from $5.75... When my Yelp friend could not decide on what to drink aside from Iced water... the bartender was really patient and helped him  in making his selection... 

Taps & Tales is a great pub to drop by for a drink or 2.... Maybe next time I will give the food a try!"
"Les Chateau Bakery has interesting selection of baked goods that one might not find in other Chinese bakeries. 

Their tarts are good. Egg tarts ($1.25) and Ginger Egg White tarts ($1.60) has good flaky shells. I also tried their Black Sesame Bun ($1.60) which was meh.

I would stick with their tarts which are baked fresh throughout the day."
"Thai Food in Stouffville?! Should I be eating Fish and Chips? 

Lunch Specials at Thai Villa is not cheap as they really have no competitions... so $8.25 it is for a 

Pad Thai with Chicken, spring roll, soup and a drink 
- I was a little worry at first about pad thai in ketchup..though the noodles looked really orangy but it is really tamarind sauce in heavy dose. The chicken though were white meat but was surprisingly tender. 

Surprisingly Thai Villa was quite busy too! Sadly I could not have the restaurant all for myself which happened quite often. 

The regular menu are quite extensive, so I would definitely to give it a try during dinner time!"
"Kennedy Eglinton Library is located in a strip plaza right at the North West corner of Kennedy and Eglinton.

Great location since it is just across from the Kennedy Subway Station and has ample parking..

The branch though is quite small but is quite sizable for a library that is inside a plaza. Limited collection of books... good to just chill and use their Wifi if you are in the area.

Not too many quiet area due to its size... you won't find me napping here! :)"
"12:30 pm... We stepped into an empty Istanbul Grill Restaurant for lunch... 

No one was there aside from the lone waitress.. and she was even surprised to see us 2 ladies coming in for lunch... as the menu is mostly meat meat meat and more meat?? 

We decided to try Istanbul Doner ($10.95) and Chicken Pita ($6.95). Trust me that's a lot of food............ 

My Yoga friend really enjoyed the Doner... and she didn't even want to touch the chicken pita because of the dressing. 

For me, I prefer the chicken more since was stuffed with salad and the dressing was yogurty tasting...sour, sweet and creamy the same time! The chicken was tender and since has that BBQ charred taste!! 

Service was A-OK when the waitress realized that we didn't come to the wrong restaurant by mistakes and I know what I want to order! 

Lunch for sure is really good value compare to the dinner pricing!! 

Lunch Special ROCKS!!"
"I have this love-hate relationship for Toronto Pearson International Airport.

Hate:
- long long lines whenever I go through US immigrations
- as an international airport, why are there not train going directly to and from downtown?
- Food sucks here! Prices wise and selections wise... 
- unreasonable fees for landing privileges, ended up fliers paying for it 

Love:
- Free Wifi
- spacious and airy with plenty of seatings (the airport so huge, I found it just feel like a ghost town during off season!)

I guess I have to live with YYZ because it is the only airport in the area.. and especially if you going to fly to International destinations, you have not much of a choice!"
"What a deal! Everyday there is a special at Tenny's Jamaican Restaurant!

Monday - Jerk Chicken
Tuesday - Fried Chicken
Wednesday - BBQ Chicken
Thursday - Stew Chicken
Friday - Fried Chicken
Saturday - Jerk Chicken 

Small ($3.33) / Large ($5.75)

The nice old gentleman was so kind, packed my large order Jerk Chicken with Rice and Beans ($5.75) with so much rice, Dark Meat Chicken and Cole Slaw....

Chicken was rubbed with Jerk spices but the spices was more on the sweet side. Chicken was tender and meaty and the skin so tasty.... 

The portion was so generous! I have leftover for another meal, one of the few rare times I look forward in eating leftovers!"
"Danish Pastry the way it should be! 

If you ever wonder why everyone raves about how good their pastry in Denmark, I really suggest coming here for a taste without flying there! This is as close as the ""real"" thing!

They imported a special machine that able to make a fresh baked Danish dough with no less than 27 melt-in-your-mouth layers. 27 layers! One bite is all you need, specially you love how light and flaky it is!

We got 6 different ones to try. They were so good and we finished 3 on the spot and I just kept staring at them when I got home as I just want to have them all right away. 

I already request to have a stop next time when I am in the area or just make a special detour. They are just that good!

PS. Try one of their coffee make fresh from the special beans imported from Copenhagen, perfect to go with one of their pastries!"
"Yoga Sanctuary is right a Yonge and College. The location is great since it is right near the subway.

There are meter parkings all along College just east of Yonge so if you are driving you can park there. They are free after 9 PM so it is great if you are going for a late class.

The studio is at a old building.. with an ancient elevator that only works weekday 9 - 5 pm. I guess it will be a good warm up of your body to climb all the stairs up to the 3rd floor. (I carried my manduka Pro mat that is 7 lbs going up those stairs...I know how it feel!) The front door is locked for during the evening, so don't be alarmed, just buzzed 306 and you will be let in.

I tried to use my passport for this location and the front desk said I could not use it here anymore since I use it at the Danforth Studio.It was never mentioned on the passport to prana website! So I was quite disappointed!! I drove all the way down from the suburbs and so looking forward to the restorative class! So I just pay the $10 as my first class. 

The change room is really really small, but that's what you expect from downtown studio. There are no washroom or showers, you have to go outside to use the public washroom in the building.

The practice room is lovely. It has really high ceiling, the room is huge and airy. There are tons of windows and skylight that let nature light to flood in. The floor are wooden panelled.

The class itself is ok. There are props provided: blankets, bolsters, blocks, strips. And there are yoga mats at the back if you do forget to bring your own. The poses are great and relaxing. There is a teacher guiding us through our poses and an assistant that suppose to help with the adjustment. There are only 8 of us in the class or so. I wish they will be more hands on with the adjustment and thus provide a deep stretch. However, only when your poses are not correctly set up they would adjust you. 

There are no adjustment at all when we are in our Savasana (Corpse Pose). I was a little disappointed, because I was so looking forward when my teacher comes and help me pressed down my shoulders or help relaxing my back by pressing my legs...

This is a good studio. I would come back for another class for sure or join one of the workshop.

PS Remember you can only use the passport in either locations not both!!"
"Now I know where I can go for breakfast!! A real authentic Northern Chinese breakfast... 

Tianjin Dumplings Restaurant opens at 8 AM... though there are no business hours posted. 

There are a special list for breakfast: Fried Egg Pancake and Douch, Baked Pancake and Beef,, Tea Egg, Red Bean Congee, Rice Bean Congee etc..... oh of course soy Milk!!

Tianjin Dumplings Restaurant is really specialized in BUNS... 13 different kind of buns... 

Steamed Seafood and Meat Mini Buns ($4.99) comes in a count of 6. Nice and juicy and full of soup... I ate the 6 buns with vinegar that help lessened the oiliness... The skin was really thin.. so it is kind of a cross between dumplings and buns!

The big buns are $0.99 each and good if you want to try different fillings... 

They always has 3 kinds of dumplings which I would have to come back and try later!!

Great place to practise Mandarin!! Both ladies that work there hardly understand or speak English!! How authentic can it get as a Chinese experience??

I love the homey feel of Tianjin!! How the staffs chatting with me like I am one of the family and another customer helping me with my Mandarin pronunciation!!"
"I am not really a big meat eater and when I saw Adega Restaurant's menu online promising Portuguese Style Seafood and Prix Fixe every evening, I am IN!

Making the reservations online was easy using Opentable and a table for 2 was secured with no problem.

Prix Fixe Menu ($33.95)
- Seasonal Baby Greens Salad
- Pan-seared Atlantic Salmon
- White Chocolate Creme Carmel

They were all OK, but didn't wow me.... 

I sweet talked my Yelp Drinking Buddy to order something else off the menu instead of going with the Prix Fixe and that ended up to be the best choice of the dinner.

Grilled Whole Fist ($30)
- My Yelp Drinking Buddy to this day still talks about how good the fish is!
- Lightly seasoned and grilled till the skin was crispy and the fish is still moist and tender.. 
- I witnessed that evening how one can eat a fish until every single part that can be eaten was consumed... even the fish eyes!!!!

Adega is a great restaurant to come for dinner if you are into seafood, as you won't be disappointed. But skip the Prix Fixe and go for the real deal!!"
"When I go to Vaughan Mills Shopping Centre, I really there to shop or hunting for bargains. 

I found it is a nice place to have a walk and window shop. The stores are a little different than the other suburbs mall. I usually drop by on a weekday when there is no crowds and easy to find a parking! 

The store I love most at Vaughan Mills is the Lululemon store there.. because they have a separate on sale area at the back which is the size of some of their normal store! All the items are divided by sizes so it is easy to find something that might fit you and is on sale! :)

I like the idea that people can bring their little dogs inside to mall. BTW, most of them are hand carried/in a bag/in a stroller. They all well behaved and never even make a fussy like those human kids :)"
"Liberty Commons at Big Rock Brewery is probably one of the few brewery pub I would actually have a full meal and enjoyed the food.  O & B food did not disappoint!

We shared:

Bacon Tempura ($7)
Coq on a Can ($38)
Bespoke Butcher Pork Sausage ($15)

I highly recommend the Coq on a Can as the chicken was so moist! The BR Traditional Ale BBQ was tasty, Good enough for 3 people to share and we even have leftover! Love the home made sausage. But would not order bacon tempura again......

Flights of Any 4 beers ($10) your own Mix and Match or from their pre select choices. 6oz per sample which is quite generous. Please ask wait staff for seasonal and rotating taps availability. 

You can make reservation by Opentable which is really convenient. They have a different menu for lunch and brunch. I might come here if Mildred Temple's Kitchen having a hour or 2 wait on the weekends.

BTW, if you just want to have a drink, pick up some beers? There is a bottle shop and tasting room too."
"Late Night Snack at Pigeonhole was a delightful experience. I just wish I was not that jet lag as it was way passed my bed time and I had not sleep for almost 24 hours! 

Tapas Style, Vegetables Forward and Something different? I like Pigeonhole surprised me with unconventional presentations and interpretation of their take of food.

Charred Cabbage 
Albacore Tuna
Ricotta Dumplings

Service was attentive and our waiter was knowledgeable and helpful.

The decor here has this rustic speakeasy vibe. Too dark for good photos but perfect for that late night after bar hopping and you still wants a night cap!"
"We stayed in Sheraton Suites Calgary Eau Claire during our Weekend in Calgary and had a great time!

Location is so convenient as everything is just a short walk away! We just parked our rental car with their valet service and never need it again till when we checked out the next day.

The suite might be a little smaller than other suite hotels I stayed in but it is well appointed. The King Size suite might be more spacious if you want more space in the bedroom area.

Would definitely stay here again next time when I am in town!"
"Conveniently located in the platform area of UP Express. 

Best place to pick up a drink before getting on the train to the Airport. Seating is limited but most people seems to have it to go. I was never there during rush hour so there was never a wait for anything.

This Balzac's Coffee location is good also to stop by while walking from or to Union Station to CN Tower/Metro Convention Centre. I usually make this my pit stop whenever I am in the area."
"Americano Coffee for $1 and comes with free WIFI!!

That is much better than having one at Tim Horton! And you can drink from a MUG too!!

Coffee here is Fair Traded and Organic from Planet Bean and if you want a pastry they are from Circle and Square.

Now it is a coffee shop that really not ripping customers off!"
"2.5 star

Congee King Restaurant is a good place if you want to have some Cantonese comfort food. 

My review is a little bias in a way that I only order a Wonton/Dumpling Noodle Soup ($5.49)

The Good
- Free unsecured WIFI
- TVs showing Chinese TV show, I won't miss my soap opera
- Services is friendly 
- Accepts all credit cards including AMEX

The Bad
- The shrimp in the dumplings were not fresh, tasted rubbery
- The brownish broth was so salty!! So much MSG I was so thirsty for the whole evening......

Will I come back? Maybe I give the congee a try.. since it is really call Congee King not Wonton King?"
"I might not be a fan of Bombay & Co's style furniture but I have to admit that this location has the most helpful and friendly staff.

The layout of the store is spacious compare to others locations I have been to, as I did not bump into any furniture on display at all. 

Staff came and checked on us and eager to help us and make any suggestion. 

Almost the whole store is on sale so maybe not be a big idea to pick up some small accessories and home deco as gifts.

I would definitely return."
"Looking for a library to chill in between meals and to charge up my toys. My GPS led me to Pleasant Ville Library.

Pleasantville is not on the main road or close to a lot of schools so it is not really busy. In fact when I walked in right after 3:30, all the three communal tables where empty!! Outlets, maybe because there's no outlets? They cleverly has outlets hidden in a floor to ceiling pole.... that's just so awesome!!!

Wifi here is fast and stable since there's not too many people sharing the connection. 

I kind of took a power nap here.... it was that quiet...."
"Moksha Yoga Maple is a brand new yoga studio that opens up at Vaughan/Maple area. 

Yes this is another one of those heated/hot yoga studios.... doing the same thing as others.. but there are several aspects of the this studio that made my Passport to Prana visit really enjoyable. 

Since it is a brand new studio in a brand new retail plaza.. Moksha Yoga Maple can build and design exactly the way the owner envisioned, compared to a lot of other studios that need to convert or remodel existing spaces/business. 

There are tons of little cubicles for your shoes right when you walk in.. and thanks so much that there are padded benches for people actually sit down and put on/off their shoes!! hopping on one leg and balancing trying put on winter boots are not fun! 

The staffs are really friendly! Welcoming to first timer and everyone new to the practice/studio. The teacher, Vanessa actually sat in the front and reading all the new wavier forms people signed and ask questions if anyone new to the practice individually or have any concerns even before going inside the practice room. Vanessa even explain to all the newcomers what to expect...I really like that caring vibe... and how she really respect the students and herself as a teacher. 

The whole studio has a colour theme ""Green"". All the towels, (BTW the rental towel is one of those yogitoes) , mats, painted walls.. are all in the same colour theme.. 
""Green, which is Nature's colour, is restful, soothing, cheerful, and health-giving."" - Paul Brunton 

The class itself is standard Moksha poses.. but since there are quite a few beginners, the instructor spent time and walk us through the poses verbally in details. She also shares her thoughts of how to take yoga practice off the mat into the world. I would say it was a great class with such a positive vibe!.. 

Facilities wise, there are 2 toilets, 3 showers with fostered shower doors.. filtered water to fill up your water bottles. 

No lockers though, so locking up your valuable in the car would be a good idea!"
"I didn't come to Kem CoBa for gelato, ice cream or sorbet because it was freezing outside.. but

Trust me their chocolate is so good!

Right when I walked in Ngoc offered me those chocolate to try... Matcha is just so good... have this sesame crunch and yes I was sold there and brought a bar for myself! The white chocolate coconut has really delicate flavour without being too sweet!

And all those cartoon like chocolate as they are having a Safari theme... so adorable! 

My friend have to drag me out of the store before I started loading up of all these sweet.

I did come back again the next day for more samples... :) and said hi to the owners...

Maybe I have to plan my route to stop by everyday next time when I am in town!"
"2.5 for the Bingsu + 0.5 for the Setup

Coming here during a winter afternoon means no wait and you can get some quiet moments to share with your friends. Loves the decor and the quaint vibe. The seats are comfy and great to just ""chill"" with some bingsu.

The menu has such good professional photos. They all looked delicious.But I guess photos are just for references only. 

Blueberry Bingsu ($10.55) has hardly any berries!! not even half of what the photo shown. I felt a little ripped off even with the actual size of the bingsu itself. The milky snow does have a nice texture which I enjoyed. Nuts Bingsu ($9.95) has these caramelized nuts and sweet soy powder was quite good!

With all these Bingsu joint popping up everywhere, the competition would be fierce as even in this small plaza alone now have 3 places snow ice! 

I might come back for the nice vibe but I am not sure if I going to pay that much for a petite dessert like that.

PS My friend finished his in 5 minute!"
"I really need to use my imaginations...... 

What it will be like during the warmer season when it is not below freezing? How fresh products will be spilling from the store into the sidewalk? All these fresh and colourful fruits and vegetables.....

But even in the middle of winter, Chez Louis has a great varieties of fresh products from around the world and some locally too. Seems like even the button mushrooms are huge here... 

The store inside is a little clammed and not easy to manoeuvre around with all the customers but at least everything is clean and orderly here!"
"Nice, clean and well appointed rooms!

I have stayed in quite a few Courtyard by Marriott in Canada and I really love the newer Courtyard as the design so much younger and nicer.

Front desk staff was friendly and checked in was uneventful.

Parking can be tight. Busy and the underground parking space is so small and definitely looking for a space at the outdoor parking area if you are driving a car bigger than mid size.

There is a plaza across the street that has a sizable grocery store and some fast food joint in case you need to pick up some supplies."
"Taiwanese Style not equal to Authentic Taiwanese

I really want to give this small family restaurant Cun Wei a chance but it is just not good.

Beef Brisket Noodle Soup ($8.75) 台式紅繞牛肉面 was a complete fail.The soup base which is usually the star was one dimension: overwhelmingly salty to the point of bitterness. 

The waitress was nice enough and said she would check with the kitchen. Even with 10% off Grand Opening Special, I feel the food is overpriced vs quality."
"A different option in the sea of Asian restaurants in the hood. I usually like to come here for a burrito when I want something else aside from Chinese food.

Chicken Burrito ($7.49) is not mind blowing 4 star but definitely satisfying as a meal. I like how I can pick whatever topping I like till my burrito explored. 

Parking is a little limited and you might have a hard time back out to Sheppard during rush hour."
"The Pickering Markets used to be the place to go... when Sunday shopping was forbidden. Yes those was the good old days for Pickering Markets.. where this place was so crowded and it was even impossible to find a parking.

Now it becomes an after thought... With rolls of rolls of stalls selling counterfeit handbags, sunglasses. You have to look hard to find something that worth buying... OK I did not find anything that is worth buying last time when I was there!

However, if the Revlon/Johnson & Johnson Sale event is on (http://www.saleevent.ca/index.php) at the trade hall, then it may worth your while to go there! You might find decent specials on Revlon/Almay/Aveeno/Neutrogena products on specials there!"
"There are few things that this location of Java Joe's has to its advantages:

- not too many cafes in the area that served coffees and sandwiches (you probably can count by 10 fingers)
- Wifi Access
- Nice, clean modern design
- Great, friendly staffs
- Reasonable priced with good coffee selections

The cappuncino I ordered is $3.10. The nice lady ask me if I want to make it with 2% or Skim Milk. Do I have I am on a diet written on my face? Anyway, skim milk sounded good.

The funny thing is they are serving all the drinks in paper cup regardless if you are staying in or not. Not only it is not environmental friendly, I cannot drink from paper cup! I need my big big mug! I have to specially request that and she went huh?!

The coffee is ok, not the best I have... but I don't understand why the milk froth is so thick and heavy......

The opening hours are geared towards the working crowds, close at 5 pm on weekdays and closed all weekends.

The plastic see through chair can be a hazard for ladies in mini skirt!"
"Les Chateaux Restaurant is still at it's soft opening. I don't understand why they started with such a big menu? 

We came in on a Monday at 9 pm.

At first I want to have rice noodle, they were out. Then I changed my order to Bitter Melon rice dish. Then they said the new batch of rice they just cooked was too hard and could not be served?! So no rice dish?!  Ended up ordering Home Style Vermicelli.

Food was meh. The stir fried vermicelli was just so oily and salty! Even at 20% off, I felt like this is not worth that price. I rather pay a little more and go to eat at Congee Queen or Keung's Delight.

Staff was nice and helpful but if you don't have most of the items on the menu available, customers won't be happy.

A pass for now. Hopefully they will sort things out and have some more set meals available."
"M2M = Morning to Midnight

A brand new Korean ""convenience"" store where you can pick up some grocery and some made to order or pre made food.

Location is so convenient, located just North of Sheppard Subway Station. Selection might not be as big as H-mart or Galleria but good for pick up some necessarities (instant/frozen noodle or fresh veggie or milk) and you can also order from the food counters on the 2nd level for some rolls, pork bone soup or a sandwich if you need a quick bite.

M2M is operated under H-Mart as their convenience stores, the first one in Canada with 2 others in Manhattan.

There are also individual Melona ice cream bars and ice for sale! If you love Korean treats, it is a great pit stop to pick up something on the road here! They even have a washroom for customer too!"
"Sydney's is where as a sugar momma I would take my beloveds to shop there! To dress them up in suits and jeans in those slim European style cutting. 

Nice selections of casual wears and suits that they will alternate to be fitted perfectly. The salesperson here are professional and well dressed! And I don't know why I kept smelling this pleasant scent while I was browsing the store... 

Price is on the expensive side.. but don't I want my beloveds be dressed like they are right out from the European GQ magzine!

What caught my eyes is the cute little doggie in the hand knitted wool cardigan... hey even dogs are dressed so classy at Sydney's!"
"If you really want to buy a good camera, do yourself a favour go to somewhere that specialized in cameras! 

Stay away from Future Shop or Best Buy... those sale person does not even know what they are talking about!

I went on pick up my first DSLR camera for myself as a present. The salesperson was knowledgable and cheerful. She explains all the features of the camera for me and suggest what I need to buy.

The price is compatible and even better than other stores. 

There are walls of camera bags and accessories you can choose from too!!

I really like the option of trading in my camera within 12 months and get a new one if you prefer.. and of course they have the lowest price guarantee too..

Hopefully after I got my new camera and learn how to use it properly, my photos that I post on yelp will look nicer... (now the trick is learn how to take photos in the restaurant with my SLR without people freaking out on me!)"
"This is one of the five locations of Tung Hing Bakery around the GTA.

If you are into nostalgic and into Old School, you will be happy to find that here at Tung Hing they baked their pastries just like they have been doing for the last 25 years.

This place definitely needs a makeover too...

The offerings are your traditional buns, pastries (winter melon cake, red bean crisp) and sweet (casava cake and everything that are pure sugar!)

Made to order Banh Mi at the corner where you can customized the fillings and garnishes!

Old traditional Chinese wedding pastries can be ordered in bulk for your special day!"
"Oliver & Bonacini at Oakville Place has this awesome patio! 

What makes it more awesome is 50% off Bar Menu Monday to Wednesday from 3 pm!

Now I know where to go for Happy Hour when I visiting Oakville!"
"Bang Sue Bar is located upstair of Khao San Road. Great to start or end your evening after dinner at KSR.

The set up of the bar is dark and loud with a Khao San Road vibe. Here you can order  drinks, bar snacks and desserts. 

Pro tips: there is no dessert offers downstairs in the restaurant. So if you do want a sweet ending, head upstairs after dinner

Bloody Caesar made with the World's hottest peppers? I just couldn't resist that challenge. It was quite spicy and love that Thai chili as garnish.

Nice cool bar to chill and have Asian Inspired cocktails without actually flying to Thailand! 

I do miss Thailand."
"I am a Fan and so is my dog!

Bon A-Pet-Treat! located inside Calgary Farmers' Market is the place to pick up some treats while you shopping for your own food. Made with highest quality and locally sourced ingredients: unprocessed, human-grade. No preservatives, fillers or artificial flavours and wheat, corn, soy and by-product free.

A lot healthier than my treats and my dog enjoyed it too!

Definitely worth checking them!"
"Talking about going downhill... Kim Po Vietnamese Restaurant is doing a free fall...

I think I need to have a drink or 2 or 3 at the pub next door.. before I ever come in here to eat again... or maybe I should just starve??!!

All Day Specials seems to be great value with a free drink coffee/tea..

Curry Beef Brisket with Rice ($7.50) /milk tea
- Rice still hard and cold... 
- Curry lurk warm
- Milk Tea is day old just add water and microwave..with no taste at all!
- Maybe they just microwave everything a couple of minute more

Special Pho Large ($7.95)
- Sizable.. too sizable especially when the broth is bland...

With just 2 tables to serve, our waitress was loud and gossipy... I don't want to listen to your life story..... I just want some peace and quiet while I eat my food!

Maybe I should just spend my money on drinks......."
"Buy 1 Large Get An Identical One For Free on Selected Drinks

I do like this promotion. I just cannot resist a bargain. I ended up of course on a sugar high after having just 1 Lemon sour Slushy. So I suggest bring a friend or get the 2nd one for a friend.

The staff is meh, so don't expect too much from them. 

This is not my favourite ShareTea in the area but seems like they do have one of the best promo.

I probably will be back if I am at First Markham Place. Not worth coming if the plaza is crazily busy."
"Oshio Restaurant is located at The Shops on 404 and Steeles. There are no interior access inside the mall, only through their entrance facing Steeles across from Congee Queen. 

I almost did not go in Oshio Restaurant.. There are no business hours posted on the front door and the ""OPEN"" sign was not lit! I thought they might be closed for lunch on this particular weekday afternoon. 

The deco is older traditional Japanese...there are some booth like more private seatings on one side of the restaurant. 

The waitresses were ok in general, only one of the girls were the friendliest which work the cash.. asked me how my lunch was and smile... the other has this oh so not pleasant and pissed off looks... 

Lunch Special Sushi B ($9.95) 
- Both Miso Soup and Salad were below standard... Miso soup really watery and salad are pre prepared, sitting in the fridge undercovered for the longest time before it was delivered to my table.. the dressing was kind of stuck together and some lettuce had turned brownish... 
- Sushi set has 9 pieces of sushi which 4 of them were salmon... and a cucumber roll 
- Fish itself is quite fresh.. the Shari rice itself is not bad.. but nothing makes me went WOW... 
- The cucumber rolls were A-OK.. the seaweed are nice and crisp and have tons of flavour... 
- Maybe I expect too much for a $10 set lunch.......... 

They accepts All credit cards!"
"So much to eat and so little time. We were able to squeeze Foreign Concept in for a cocktail drink and snack during my Weekend in Calgary.

A Pan-Asian restaurant with Jinhee Lee as Executive Chef in the kitchen. She had won various Culinary competitions and was the Top 3 finalists in Top Chef Canada Season 6.

2 Asian Inspired Cocktails and a Beef Tataki

Love the plating. I love those little flowers. 

Cocktails were A OK but I would not say they were well crafted. I do like the more innovative approach which made them more unique.

Sitting at the bar in an empty restaurant was a little awkward. Service was attentive. 

3 Star for now. But back in the future for a full meal."
"I dropped by Shanti Baba to buy some incense and was so intrigued by all those really need ""smoking"" supplies... 

I don't smoke.. but was amazed by all this pipes, bongs and how they can be a piece of artworks in itself...

And Shanti Baba opening till late on Friday and Saturday... I wondering who are coming to shop and what they are shopping for at the after hours.. maybe I have to stay pass my bed time one day to find out!"
"I miss Hong Kong Style Tea & Fast Food so much!

Though Taste of Hong Kong does have similar menu and price wise is similar, it is not the same! I was so sad while eating their Beef Rice Noodle, the portion is the same but totally lack of wok hay and no caramelization from the high heat.

Service though is as friendly and my order was ready in 5 minutes, a lot quicker than before. 

I might try out other items and give Taste of Hong Kong another chance. But sadly it won't be Beef Rice Noodle, which is one of my favourite noodle!"
"This review is based on the banquet dinner style meals I have on Saturday at Asian Legend.

My friend was planning for a little small gathering of 14 people to celebrate her son's full month and I was so honoured that she asked me for some advice to where to go. At first she wants to go to one of those buffet and given me a choice of Mandarina, Buffet King, Imperial Buffet.. I really against Buffet!! I refuse to go Buffet!!  Luckily, she listened to my advice and ended up at Asian Legend.

She reserved one of the private room at the back of the restaurant. The tables are big. We have 14 adults and we all seated comfortably.  The waitress kept checking on us to make sure we have everything we need.

The peking duck here is really good... Not oily, not too fatty. The skin is nice and crisp! They provide us with tons of garnishes and the pancakes were served in a steamer so they were warm and soft. Yummmmmmy!

I really like the mushrooms with baby vegetables! The mushrooms are the biggest one I ever seen... each of them are almost 3 inches in diameter and so thick.... I LOVE mushrooms! :P

We also has lobsters, steamed bass fish, cold platters and other dishes all really tasty!

For dessert we were served red bean soup and the red bean pancake. The pancake is so so so fresh...

You are allow to bring your own wine/liquor, charge is $10 a bottle...

This dinner is a good value especially if you have one of those VIP card that give you 10% off! (Make sure you borrow one from your friends or get one!)

Even with the discount, you can still pay by credit card!"
"I always prefer attending events at International Centre over going all the way downtown at Metro Convention Centre.

There's always plenty of parking if one decide to drive, the parking lot here is just huge. And free parking too!!

The halls are spacious, with high ceiling and never feel too crowded."
"Telus Tuesday Specials Restaurant #2 

I wish Delux will keep its Cuban flare for their dinner menu... I tried really hard to find anything remotely Cuban... aside from the Pressed cubano Sandwich.... 

I asked my waiter which items on their menu that is close to Cuban cuisine... and he went hmmmmmm ... and said just try the chicken.. since the chef used Achiote and lime as marinade.... 

Oysters on half Shell ($15) 
- great oyster flavour and fresh.. that hint of crisp apple migonette did enhanced the flavour... 
- I finished that in record speed... and I want more more oysters! 

Salt Roasted Pear ($11) 
- I don't know why I enjoy what my date vegetarian option more... maybe I am slowly converted.......... 

Achiote and Lime Roasted Chicken ($21) 
- The chicken was surprising juicy... even the breast area which usually dry turned out to be nice and tender... 
- A-OK! But did not Wow me... 

Cuban Coffee Creme Brulee ($7) 
- Now.. I discover this ongoing pattern.. what your date ordered is always more tasty!! 
- Not the best creme brulee I have, but rich and creamy... and yes I was glad that someone nice shared it with me! 
- The coffee taste was not really strong... just a hint... 

Buttermilk Doughnuts with Chantilly Cream ($7) 
- Fresh and Hot Doughnuts... crispy and crunchy on the outside.. soft and warm inside... 
- Good tasting as doughnuts.. but they don't really satisfy my sweet tooth 

The drinks!! $11 for a Mojito and other cocktails are a little pricey.... I am not surprise when no other tables around us ordered any cocktails, most of them either drink beer or wine... 

Will I come back? Maybe for lunch... but I found the dinner menu uninspiring... but I am glad that I came for the Telus Offers!!

BTW, my date was still hungry after eating here with the 3 course meals...maybe Delux knows she wants to be on a diet?"
"As usual, I walked right passed Sense Appeal Coffee Roasters... before I realized my mistake... The entrance is like a business building lobby... yes it is really a business building lobby with bicycle couriers constantly walking in and out!! 

The interior of Sense Appeal Coffee Roasters is a big contrast to the building itself.. as it is really rustic with mosaic flooring showing extreme wear and tear, wooden bar counter that has 6 seatings, high ceiling... 

I settled for an Americano ($2.25) with the AS roast.. which is their strong nutter roast that they used for all the other espresso beverages.. There are in fact 4 different type of roasts, some more fruity and some nutty.. 

For the to stay version, my Americano was dark, smooth and with bold full bodied flavour, served in the proper mug... just chill.......and enjoy the moment! 

There are more seating in the lobby side, but it is not as good an atmosphere as hanging out in the main area and watch the baristas at work! Trust me, they really know what they are doing!

And I will definitely be BACK!!"
"Pyung Won House is conveniently located just across from Finch Subway Station and it opens 24 hours!! (a few big posters of the wall screaming to me that they never close!)

The inside looks clean and the deco are quite nice. 2 big tv on each end showing Korean soap opera which is great when your friend got bored with you or the food... I was wondering why he just stared at me but not really looking at me...

Banchen though plentiful but most of them tasted bland...... We left most of them untouched and it is really rare for that to happen as my Yelp friend would never waste food.

Lunch Specials if order during other time just $1 extra so pricing here is quite reasonable.

Pork Bone Soup ($7.99) was not too spicy as there's no complaints at all. The order was quite sizable.

Bibimbap with Spicy Beef ($8.99) was A-OK since it was served pipping hot. 

Menu selection here is quite extensive, decent services, great location and decent prices... Pyung Won House might be the place I would come back in the middle of the night when I am hungry...

They accepts MC and Visa too! I don't even need any cash!"
"Cheers!

Cuchulainn's Irish Pub does have a great patio. A decent 16 draft selections that includes Flying Monkey's/Steam Whistle from the local brewery and a selections of Irish scotch and whiskys.

The structure though is quite historical as it was built in 1832 as a wedding present for John Burnharts daughter, each of his children received a home but this is the only one that survived. It is one of the Historical Designated building in the Village of Streetsville.

If you are in the area and feel like having a pint or 2, Cuchulainn's definitely worth the visit!"
"This review is based solely on the ""Cocktail"" Hour that Goods & Provisions offers everyday from 5:30 - 7:00 pm.

Half price on all beers, wines and 3 selected cocktails (you will see the symbol CH next to those!)

Their taps are mainly imports but if I can drink a Delerium Tremens for $4, I am not complaining! There are also some bottles to select from if you prefer more local beer  like a Beau's Lugtread Lager (600 ml)  for $5.50!

I was really tempted to order some snack: duck fat frites and even some oysters..  I guess there will be a next time..."
"Ginger Mango Black Tea, oh so refreshing!

I love how they make all the tea from scratch when order and no sugar is added!

Salon de the Chai Tea Lounge is such a nice surprise. 

Friendly staff, chill and cozy environment and of course tasty beverage!

Highly recommended if you are in the area!"
"I have a love-hate relationship with 407 ETR. Whenever I saw the their signage, I always have this urge to just take the route and drive in their open less congested roadways. But then I think about the prices to pay doing that?! 

Toll Charges Starting at $0.1935/Km cam really adds up... For a trip to the airport would have cost me $7.50 plus HST one way. 

Make sure you have a transponder, if not an additional $3.65 video toll charges would have added to the total......... 

Sometimes though in when I am in a rush or running late or have a flight to catch during Rush Hour, I opted to just take 407 ETR and get over with. Driving during rush hour on 401 really makes me blood pressures goes up!

Maybe I need to borrow someone's transponder more often........ :)"
"Hot Chocolate VS Americano?

I have been to the first JJ Bean's Toronto location in the middle of no where and was really impressed. I am glad they open up another outpost in the Financial District. 

My americano was A-OK. I did need something strong to wake me up. My friend's hot chocolate looked and smelled amazing. I did not expect that they would spend the time to do a latte art even for non espresso drinks!

The coffee shop itself is really small but there are ample seating in the lobby area which is really spacious with ultra high ceiling!

Not as busy as the other coffee place in The PATH and good to catch up or chill without feeling that rush compares to other location nearby."
"When I stepped inside Premiere Ballroom & Convention Centre, I was really impressed! 

The high ceiling, huge room and the lavish decoration. The wait staffs all dressed up in their little french maid uniforms, the nice table setting, the interesting menu that offers some unique items...

I have high hopes for their dim sum, but I left totally disappointed!!

Milk Egg Tart with Bird Nest ($7) - the fillings are nicely done but the pastry shell are soggy

Har Gow ($4.90) - One of the best item, the wrapping has a nice chewiness and shrimps fresh and have a nice bite

Crispy Chicken Gristle ($7) - tasted stale and feel like been sitting around for awhile, the batter has no seasoning at all anyway!

BBQ Pork Puff Pastry ($3.90) - A -OK

Bitter Melon with Salty Egg ($5.95) - A-OK, but served cool...?

Chiu Chow Dumpling ($5.90) - squid ball with fish wrapping, great bite but the broth a little too salty for my taste

Deep Fried Durian Puff ($4.90) - filling is generous but the puff all soggy, not fresh

Lamb Dumpling ($4.90) - no effort in seasoning the lamb resulted in overwhelming gamey taste! FAIL

Shrimp & Veggie Flour Roll ($4.90) - Over steamed the wrapping 

Deep Fried Taro Dumpling ($3.90) - one of the worst taro dumpling, the filling has no taste at all! 

Mochi with BBQ Duck ($4.90) - fillings are good and tasty but they over steamed the mochi

On a busy Sunday afternoon, all the dim sums arrived like a couple minutes after we placed our order. It is NOT a good sign! I really doubt they steamed them when ordered like some of the places I been to! So not surprisingly that a lot of the food tasted over cooked or have been sitting around under the heat lamp for awhile.

I doubt I will come back for dim sum even with their Early Bird Special!!"
"Maybe I have a high expectation after reading all these 4 star reviews...

Maybe Ithaca having this huge menu that covers Greek and Mediterranean and end up everything is meh...

Maybe I should have order something else instead...

At least the salad and garlic bread tasted decently good...after that everything went downhill.

Fillet of Sole with Breaded Shrimp and Scallops ($19.95)
- The vegetables on the side is the most tasty items on my plate, cook perfect with a crunch
- My fish tasted really blend and mushy
- The breaded Shrimps has not texture... the mini scallops are tiny with more breading than substance

Seafood Linguine ($20.95)
- Don't ask me why someone would have order that in a Greek restaurant...  I know it would not be good already...
- The overcooked pasta is drowned in that ""light"" tomato.. look and taste like something I made at home (that's not a compliment)

Maybe Ithaca's meat dish is better? I don't know if I really want to come and give it another try?

Now I know why I always end up at Congee Queen next door instead!"
"I have nothing against trainee teachers.. but really in order to really evaluated a studio fairly, one needs to go to a regular class lead by an experience teacher.

Peter is quite different than the other moksha teacher I have been to since he emphasis a lot on breathing. He was walking around the room a lot and check if we are still breathing with our Ujjai ""Ocean"" breath.

He also go around to help with adjustment and if he is standing near you that means he is talking to you! or is he? Since most Moksha postures are quite simple so vocal instructions are given instead of real demonstrations. For newbies, you do need to peek at others.

The room was not too hot this time because it is not crowded... all the spaces... and you can really check yourself out in the mirror.. (Do I look Zen??)

It is a great Passport to Prana experience this time round!"
"Meeting my Hot Yoga Date at Cafe Sheli for lunch but got stood up! 

Cafe Sheli is so busy during lunch rush. Packed with people and the tables here are set up so close together, I can barely squeezed through to get in and out of my seats. My waitress cannot even get near to my table, my food, cheque and everything was passed to me over my next table...?? 

Menu selection is good, this place would have made any vegetarians happy. Where is my Hot Yoga Date?! 

I ordered Portobello Sandwich with side salad ($10.99) and Mint Lemonade ($3.99). 

Grilled Portobello with Goat Cheese and vegetables in a ciabatta bread Mmmmm, Love the bread! Price wise is a little pricey but quite delicious! 

I asked the waitress if their Lemonade is house made...and she reassured me that it is fresh. But it tasted suspiciously like the one I got from supermarket... and for $3.99?? Skip! 

Don't expect excellent services at Cafe Sheli. You get decent food at a premium prices in a cafeteria like setting!"
"Stay away from those popping boba!

Rainbow Sparkling Water though looks so colourful and pretty but it was one of the worse drinks I ever had. I paid $7.50 for that?!!! Maybe this is good for kids that have a super sweet tooth but I would not give this sugar water to my own.

There are a few booth seats but on a Friday evening they were occupied by young people hanging out. 

I am not sure, should I give other drinks a try? But there are so many better BBT places in the area."
"I think Williams Coffee Pub inside Pawsway is awesome because this is the only coffee place in Toronto that you can really bring your pets in and enjoy your drinks and have a small bite.

For non pet lovers, there are a lot of other options in the area! Tim Hortons, Starbucks and Second Cup all within walking distance!

I'm bring my dog here next time!!"
"3.5

Great location right in Downtown Markham. I love this location because this give the complex a diversity. I can actually enjoy a Hong Kong Style Milk Tea with some Chinese pastries! 

Decor is nice and upscale, compares to traditional Chinese bakeries setting.

I tried the egg tart, cheese tart and pineapple bun which were decent. I would stay away from the cake slices as they were not the freshest and charged a premium.

Service is fast but you know they are really cutting corners. The cups are all beat up and the furniture needs some maintenance."
"I was served by 3 big guys when I went to Big Boy's Burgers for my burger fix. One took my order, one cooked my burger and one dressed it up! :P I was the only customer that have cravings for a burger in this chilly weekday afternoon.

Original Burger ($3.95)
- This is the most crispy toasted buns (with grilled marks!) I ever have in a burger joint.. in fact anywhere.. I personally love mine toasted because it won't get soggy with all the condiments when I am enjoying my burger
- beef is A-OK... nice charcoal marks.. a little on the dry side which I am not too surprise. As the patty itself is quite thin...
- standard toppings 
- great value for the price!!

The restaurant itself is in racing car theme.. the seatings are race car bucket seats.. I think kids and teens loves it here... hey I think they all love burger, fries and a deep fried Mars bar as dessert!"
"If you want to really enjoy a real German beer hall experience, come visit Hofbrauhaus on weekends when the place is packed with people. Excellent energy and vibe!

If you want to really appreciate how good and attentive the service, how huge the space both interior and exterior (patios overlooking the river, what a view!!), come visit Hofbrauhaus during weekdays. 

Come visit Hofbrauhaus whenever and you will guarantee a good time!

Great beers, love my Hefeweizen and our Wurst platter - Bratwurst, Wiesswurst and Frankfurter ($13.99) was surprisingly good! 

Sausage Feast! Beer serves in Stein!
 
Prost!"
"Me and My Yelp Friend walked by Maria Shchuka Library and have no idea what it is?! The structure itself looks so out of place in this neighbourhood.....

Who is Maria Shchuka? She was the Head Librarian from 1979 to 1996.

Love the big windows letting the natural sunlight filtering into the building. Nice comfy and colourful armchairs. Free WIFI....

Me dreaming about one day a library named after me? :)"
"This is probably my favourite Happy Lemon location!

Spacious interior and ample parking. 

Staff always friendly and not really busy, at least the 2 times I was there.

Love the special they offers! Great place to have a Happy Lemon party!

I still never order their milk tea based drink. Lemon and fresh fruit drinks were just awesome."
"Q1 Le Pho is one of those Chinese owned and managed Vietnamese restaurants. The menu and taste profile is really similar to Le Viet and Lemongrass. 

Nicely decorated and spacious. Good for groups as there are a couple of bigger round tables.

Since I came after lunch rush so no issue with wait time or services.

Portion wise is good for the price. As long as you don't expect authentic Vietnamese food, you will be quite happy. My regular size  Pho Bo Hue is filling enough and I left satisfied.

MSG alert if you prefer less MSG. I was thirsty after lunch."
"2.5 Star

Came here during Soft Opening and the experience was a little disappointing.

I have been to the Golden Horse Restaurant location in Markham numerous of time and though it was not the best but at least a consistent 3 star experience. 

I have to admit I was a little excited when this location opened up as the interior is more spacious and not as dark as their first location. But I guess there is a price to pay for that? Everything is more pricey than the original location and one of the most expensive HK style cafe in the area.

Their set dinner starting at $13 or so. And it is a fried rice with soup and drink. A bowl of Beef Brisket Noodle without drink is $7.75. And if you want one of those Sizzling Hot Plate Dinner is $20.99 and up.

I don't mind paying if the food is amazing but what we ordered were quite standard.

Cordon Bleu Pork Chop ($13.25)  and Buddy Minced Pork Noodle ($8.25) both as a la carte were so so. For the Cordon Bleu, some better sides should be offered instead of just plain boiled unseasoned broccoli and spaghetti/rice. 

Service was lacking as the servers were busy eating their own dinner. I have to wave them down furiously to place my order, ask for sharing bowls/plates and even to pay for the bill.

Maybe my conception of Hong Kong Style Cafe as restaurant where one can get good food at affordable price is no longer valid? I doubt I would be back again as there are so many restaurants in the area that has much better food at more competitive price."
"Maybe this is The One?!

Sister restaurant of Dragon Boat Fusion/Skyview and maybe even better than her sisters? 

Similar menu at Dim Sum offerings and same good standard. 

The decor is over the top fancy but not being tacky. Glittering with silver, gold and a touch of pastel. Even their special table cloth with their name embroidered on them. Fancy Sister!

The restaurant itself is spacious but noise level can be high with the low ceiling. 

Dim Sum is standard pricing VS the other higher end dim sum in the area. Portion is big and all nicely presented. You can tell better ingredients used.

I will be back...

Early Bird Dim Sum Special for Weekday only. But there are a lot of people more than paying the full price for the experience at The One."
"3.5 star

Montreal Smoked Meat in Scarborough?!

Sumilicious is a small and unassuming Deli in one of the numerous strip plaza in Scarborough. I am excited to give them a try as there is not many deli in the area and the photos/reviews looks promising.

Smoked Meat Sandwich ($8.99) and Poutine ($6.99)
- I ordered my meat medium, just the way I enjoyed it at Schwartz. The chef did work in Schwartz in Montreal before he decided to open up Sumilicious
- Love the meat as it was juicy, soft and flavourable. And of course extra yellow mustard for me!
- Poutine was disappointing as it was not as business photos using Cheese Curds. I love my squeaky cheese. 

Service is friendly and sincere. A nice family vibe. So much better than Schwartz in Montreal. 

Cash or Debit Only"
"Another one fo the Moksha franchise! However, this studio is one of the nicest one for facilities in the area.

The practice room is big and with 9' high ceiling! You never feels clustered in when you trying to look zen in here! The floor is wooden floor which is quite different than the usual Moksha yoga studios.

The ladies change room has 3 washrooms (no big deal for some one but if you ever been to studios that has 1 washroom, you will know how long the line can be!), 3 shower stalls (has good shower curtains that give you a lot of privacy).

This Moksha studio has a varieties of classes: Moksha, Pilates, Ashtanga, Yin, Indoor Cycling, Therapeutic yoga.

They also have Community Classes for $5, Therapeutic yoga/Economy and Karma classes for $7, Women only Non heated Moksha for $5 . 

The best variety for the pay per visit classes in the area!

You can use your Passport to Prana card here too!"
"Amy's Fish & Chips is probably the best in the neighbourhood.

Nice and friendly owner. And good solid food and a great price.

I love how light and crispy my Haddock was. The fish still nice and moist. My chips though was a mix of cold and warm. Probably because half of that was not freshly fried.

Amy was nice enough to offer to make us more fresh fries after we brought that to her attention.

Their special probably the best deal since it comes with a drink too!"
"Domi Cafe worths 4 star for those freshly made fish cake shaped pastry. Make sure you request to have them made fresh for you and wait! I am telling you that it definitely worth that 10 minute wait!

$1.50 - $1.75 with choice of flavours: Red Bean, Red Bean & Walnuts, Red Bean & Cream Cheese, Blueberry & Cream Cheese and Custard.

My Red Bean & Walnuts ($1.75) goes so well with an Americano ($2.39).

Services is indfferent and there's no WIFI. - 1 star"
"Pilot Tavern seems like an reasonable place for a drink or 2 with friends when one is in the Yorkville Area.

You won't find fancy cocktails, martinis with a funny name. Everything here is down to earth with a menu offering simple burgers/sandwiches with fries. All the greasy pub food and a good selections of beers on taps.

I would suggest going to Pilot on a sunny warm afternoon instead of cool and rainny evening when the place was empty and depressed!"
"""You want to try our new Chocolate Chips Banana Muffins?"" 

Everyone in the store was given a sample this afternoon....

""Can I have my dark roast coffee in a mug?"" and no one rolling their eyes.... and the Barista even warming up the mug for me and tested it made sure that it is perfect...

I am easy... if you care about your customers that much... you definitely worth a 4 star even you are just a regular Starbucks!"
"Azyun Restaurant is such a good addition to Main Street Markham.

Small and cozy interior. Just like I am enjoying a gathering at someone house. Table for 2 can get pretty tight if you ordering a lot of dish!

Menu is small but ever changing which I do prefer. Just fun to visit often to try out new items.

Love the Lamb Ribs and Duck Confit Biang Biang Noodles. Though a little disappointed with Fried Chicken, the chicken itself was moist and tender but the batter just to thick as it was falling off and separate from the piece.

I have yet to try their lunch and brunch offering, hopefully soon.

Thanks for bringing interesting Asian Fusion cuisine to the hood. A place where the locals can have a drink or 2 and share some yummy food."
"Le Delice is located in the inside court like area of the plaza. You would not have notice it's existence since all you would have see when you park your car will be Longos and Shoom Shoom. 

The set up of Le Delice is more like food court style, will some seatings in the open area. 

When I dropped by this particular afternoon, there are tons of whole cakes in the display cases. The individual portion cakes though not that more choices.. there are around 5 and a few petite fours. 

Hazelnut Mousse ($3.50) 

I think it is a hazelnut mousse, since most of the individual cakes are none labelled and I have to ask the server a few times and tell me what each one are. All I heard HAZELNUT I am sold! I am nut about nuts!

After my taste test, I think it is more like a creamy yummy piece of heaven with bits of hazelnuts and full of RUM inside!!!. Really light and rich at the same time.. 

Aside from pastries and sweet, they also serves grilled sandwiches too. 

$10 minimum to use your credit card and $5 minimum if you want to use debit.."
"Telus Tuesday Specials Restaurant #4 

Back in the days.. my dating days.. I been to Grano numerous of time! It still looks and feel the same as I remembered... even the menu is really similar. 

I have to give Grano credits for preserving the restaurant with this Old World' Italian charm.. the fact is, it will never go out of style even if I come back 30 years later... 

Here our hostess and waitresses have learn the skills of communications without saying a word... bread was just dumped on our tables and we sort of just start to eat them..Waitress just took our order in silent with minimum acknowledgement...(I can see connection between Italian and Chinese waitresses this evening!) 

italia mia (prosciutto di Parma & bufala, warm olives) $13 
- Prosciutto so tender and flavoured... I was making the annoying ""hmmm"" sound which drove my vegetarian dinner mate crazy! 
- Buffalo Mozzarella tasted so good too.. I ended up sharing that..when my dinner mate screamed ""I am so hungry! I want cheese cheese cheese!"" to me! 

strascinate barese (Pugliese pasta, smoked duck breast, truffled oyster & portobello in porcini & wine sauce) $17 
- I really did not enjoy that! Not much flavour but saltiness... 
- the shredded duck meat was chewy..and tough... 
- ended up I kept drinking water till my waitress brought leave our own bottle so I can drink as much as I want! 

torta di fango (rich dark chocolate mud pie with bourbon served with a white sauce) $8 
- dessert saved my dinner.. as I indulging on this chuck of pure dark chocolate heaven... 
- rich and so creamy..and I just could not finish that! 

It was a nice Italian feast with my lovely date. I love how the Grano has this extreme noisy dining atmosphere. We were yelling at each other in order to be heard (I want to yell at her for the longest time!) or we have to lean really close to each other in order to be understood..."
"Rosso Coffee Roasters is a great spot right in the middle of CBD to chill and enjoy a cup of coffee.

The space here is spacious and welcoming. Love those comfy armchairs!

Coffee made from their own roastery was well prepared and really aromatic. Both Americano and Macchiato were nicely pulled.

Of course, don't forget to pick up a bag of their beans. If not there is always the option of ordering through their website."
"I was a little skeptical when I ordered a unlock code for Samsung S5 through the website of Canada Unlocking. I have read quite a lot of horrible stories online about a lot of the websites are not legit, just a scam.

I am happy to report that Canada Unlocking is the real deal especially if you have a locked phone from one of the carrier from Canada. I requested their service and in less than 12 hours I received the code by email and it works!!!

Highly recommend as the price is 1/3 of what the cellphone company is charging!

Canada Unlocking is also a local company in GTA and you are not dealing with someone in Europe or USA! 

Tips: I would suggest paying by PayPal and read the T&C before dealing with most online companies!"
"3.5 Star

0109 Dessert and Chocolate might not be the best dessert cafe in Toronto but if maybe the best you can get in Scarborough!

All those pretty chocolate all made in house. Perfect as gifts to yourself or your friends for all occasion!

The interior is really spacious and homey if you just want to chill out with your friends a little. 

I tried: 

Americano ($2.95) - so so..  cannot really compare to a ""real"" espresso bar

Lava Cake ~ 70% Cocoa ($6.50) - I love dark chocolate and never like my dessert too sweet and this is just perfect!

Sweet Crepe Flavours ($5.50) Home Made Caramel Sauce + Banana/Strawberry ($2) - decent if you love crepes but quite standard

Espresso Milk Chocolate Panna Cotta ($5.75) - meh. Taste like a jello pudding and lack the creamy texture and flavour

Amaretto/Chili Truffles were also pretty good: rich and flavourable!

0109 also offers Chinese dessert which I have yet to try and comment on it.

Pretty promising as a new start up. There are still room for improvement but the owner/chef seems to be passionate and love what they are doing."
"2.5 star 

Marco Polo Bakery and Cafe though located inside of a Chinese Business nominated plaza, it is not a Chinese bakery. You won't find any BBQ pork buns or egg tart. Marco Polo Bakery really a French bakery but own by Chinese. 

When I dropped by the Bakery, on a late afternoon. Not much pastries left on the shelf but there are still some individual sized cakes in the display case priced between $1.80 - $2.40. 

Chestnut Crunch ($ 2.40) 
- good flavour of Chestnut, there are even real little chucks of actual chestnut inside 
- however, the part that suppose to be crunchy were mushy... really disappointing! 

Amaretto Cheesecake ($2.40) 
- The cake itself is hard and dry, It just really heavy tasting and I really didn't enjoy it.. I cannot even finish it! :( 

I think i will not be back to try other of their cakes. Though they do look pretty and nice but I just don't feel the love! 

Cash Only!"
"I have been to their first location in Scarborough Orient Express https://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/orient-express-toronto?userid=CxDOIDnH8gp9KXzpBHJYXw quite a few time before coming to Omni Palace Noodle House.

I love hand pulled noodle and Omni Palace/Orient Express is a franchise from China which has over 400 restaurants in China! The broth has this lighter herbal taste which I love. I always go with the thicker noodles because I love the chewiness. 

I usually have the Lanzhou Beef Noodle but this time I gave their Chicken Soup Base a try and it was surprisingly tasty! The chicken leg was nice and tender and well seasoned.

Here the wait staff speaks English, Cantonese and Mandarin so communication won't be a problem.

Note: My noodle bowl was a big chip and this was only during their soft opening. Those should not be use to serve to customers. I told the wait staff and they said they would make sure it won't happen in the future.

I got the free coupon for a free noodle from the Soft Opening special, so I know I would be back again. Hopefully, I would able to try out their side dishes next time!"
"What do I want to drink? What do I feel like?

Sometimes I don't even know myself. I think most of the time I don't really know.

Civil Liberties is one of those no menu cocktail bars. You can just tell the bartender what you feel like? Something strong? Alcohol upfront? Fruity? Long? Short? You can be as specify or as vague as you want. 

I do love trying new things and different combinations. I like sour, fruity and with egg white please. My bunny might ask for a pretty looking drink for photograph?

Love my cocktails. 

I wish everyone can read my mind like these bartenders at Civil Liberties.

Worth coming back for a well crafted cocktail and a nice chit chat with the bartenders."
"We were here with an Opentable reservation for lunch on a long weekend Monday and have a great experience.

The restaurant is just gorgeous. So much interesting details. The downstairs bar area has this old school night club vibe and I would love to have a drink there anytime!

But how was the food?? We ordered a few items to shared and they were all nicely plated and have a twist of subtle South American flare.

Salt Cod Fritters w/caper & dill crema ($13)

12 Vegetable Salad w/milk mayonnaise, charred & raw vegetables, tomatillo & coriander dressing ($15)

7 oz Grass-Fed Butler's Steak w/fried quail eggs, asparagus, sherry aïoli, chimichurri & fries ($29)

Special Mention: I am not a salad person but the 12 Vegetable Salad is one of the most tasty and interesting salad I had. A medley of cooked, pickled, charred and raw vegetables in perfect harmony!

I will be back!"
"When I stepped inside Spoon & Fork, I would never have know that it serves a Japanese+Thai AYCE menu. 

The cushioned armchair, the table with wine glass setting and cloth napkins, the white table cloth., the dimmed lighting with candles on each table.. all scream for more high end AL la carte experience.. and I will be romanced... 

However, nothing really romantic about going out to have AYCE on a date!! The sole purpose of AYCE for some are to eat and eat and eat and get your money worth.. and try to eat everything on the menu. So the concentration will be on the food.... not on how gorgeous I look!

Dinner AYCE ($24.99) is great value, We ended up trying:

- Thai Curry Pumpkin Soup/ Miso Soup
- California Salad/Smoked Duck Sala/Wakame Salad/Thai Mango Salad
- Thai Mussels/Chicken & Beef Satay/Takoyaki/Tempura/Thai Dumplings
- Sashimi: Butter Fish/Salmon/White Tuna/Unagi/Octopus/Surf Clam
- Maki/Rolls: Spicy Tuna Roll/Unagi Roll
- Bangkok Street Style Pad Thai/Thai Spicy Noodle
- Red Curry Fish and Shrimp
- Taminard Shrimp
- Mixed Vegetables

Most of the items we ordered were all surprisingly good.... especially the Thai Mussels in Tom Yum.. fresh big mussels and the Tom Yum was flavoured without being spicy (My friends does not do spicy!) We ended up having 3 orders of that!! Skip Chicken and Beef Satay, those were pre made and have been siting under a heat lamp for a long time.. dry and chewy...

Surprisingly as Spoon and Forks has its roots originally from being a Thai and Viet restaurant, their Thai dishes are not as good..at least for the ones I ordered. Pad Thai for sure was a disappointment as it is just overly saucy and sour. 

Services is not bad! We got the food we ordered quickly..though we have to ask a few times to have our water glasses to be filled.

Though the deco scream chic and classy, but nothing really classy about all these people ordering from AYCE. Servers were all running around delivering plates and plates of food and busy cleaning up the tables... More like a scene from Diner Dash... and it is not a easy job to keep all of us hungry diners happy!!

I still think Japanese and Thai food doesn't mix even in an AYCE context. I tried really hard to eat all those mild and delicate tasting Japanese offerings first; Sashimi.... then move on slowly to the more intense taste: Thai offering... 

Spoon & Fork is One of the best AYCE restaurant I have been. I highly recommend coming here if you are into AYCE as you will leave happy and full. But if you want high quality Japanese or Thai Cuisine.. you might need to go elsewhere and pay a lot more for that!

I am too eyeing their Lunch Specials ($15.99)!

*Since no dessert is included in the AYCE menu, S&P does have a separate dessert menu.. or you can take your date to somewhere nice and romantic for dessert and night cap and leave this chaotic AYCE scene behind.. and redeem yourself!"
"I love their dumplings!! Especially the pork and chives steamed dumplings! I think they make this dumplings 2nd best aside from Deng Tai Feng.

The price is really good too! a lot cheaper than Asian Legends and Deng Tai Feng..

The Pork and Chives Dumplings are $3.99 for 10! They are freshly made.. and the skin is so thin and soft. One bite and your mouth will be splashed with the great tasting soup! They are not oily or salty at all! 

The steamed twisted buns with condensed milk on the side are $2.50 for 2. Freshly made and steamed... really satisfied my carb needs!

The lunch specials mainly rice dishes.. startiing from $5.75 that comes with sweet and sour soup or soy bean drink.

Services are always  nice and friendly... A good place for me to practice my Mandarin! :)

Cash only!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Sushi California.

Menu here is extensive! I love that they serves lunch till 4 pm as I usually go for late lunch (which is a good idea because this plaza just so busy with the parking during lunch rush).

The decor here is simple but comfortable. Being new, it is really clean too.

I opt for Sushi but they have a lot of cooked dish if you are not into raw fish. Assorted Sushi Combo ($12.95) was nicely plated. The cut of the fish was thick and they are all ""big"" in sizes. I love the fish selection as it has good varieties. Shari rice was well seasoned and have a good mouth feel.

I will be back for sure as there are so much more than Sushi at Sushi California. 

BTW, that one person mini teapot for single diner is such a nice touch. I do feel welcome and special when they served me tea in that."
"Clay Pot! I was dreaming about Clay Pot Rice since I saw the sign went up. And sadly Clay Pot King has nothing like that in their menu.

Decorations here is over the top bling bling. Remind me of enjoying an afternoon tea in a fancy hotel lobby coffee shop. And here I am eating a bowl of noodle.

Spicy Beef Noodle ($11.99) was tasty. The broth was well balanced with an undertone of sweetness. Serving in a Clay Pot did make the noodle stayed hot to the end but did nothing more.

While I was slurping down my noodle, I splashed broth on to the shiny white polish table. Looking at the 2 large Chandeliers, I am still confused with the decorations. All it lack is the soft elevator music to complete the package."
"I give Bayview Village Shopping Centre a 3 star. 

2 Stars for the Mall itself. I enjoy shopping at the New Balance Store, Walk around and window shopping at the merchandise that those little stores offer.

5 Stars for their public washrooms. Yes, this Mall has the best public washrooms I been too! Each individual stalls has their own touchless faucet, soap dispenser and upright hand dryer. http://www.english.dysonairblade.ca/  Now I am talking about privacy!! And it is one of the cleanest I been to in any Malls in North America!! The lighting and material they use for the doors, the tiles are all top grade!

At least Bayview Village got me excited when I went to use their washrooms."
"Plaza Kia is a relatively small and down to earth dealership. Nothing too fancy in deco, but after all as a consumer, I am here for good price with good service.

Our salesperson is really nice and sincere. Relatively new so a little not sure about the specification of the car we were test driving. But I guess I can always look up those information from the internet.

If you looking for a Kia, this is good place to come in and kick some tires!"
"Time for a Coffee!

Cafe Humble Lion is conveniently located a couple of  minute walk from our hotel. 

I love the decor. Clean, modern and chic. The high windows at the storefront is perfect for people watching and allow for some dose of Vitamin D while sipping my coffee.

Sadly, the drinks we ordered: Cortado and Allonge were a little too fruity for my taste but it is personal preference."
"Black Gold Cafe, Welcome to the Neighbourhood! A neighbourhood that in desperate need for a decent indie cafe. We have enough of Tim Horton's and Coffee Time and McD. We want some real espresso coffee. We want a real cafe. We want a better experience!

Aside from coffee, rejoice tea lovers! Here you will find tea from Pluck Tea based in Toronto which specialized in small batch, locally grown ingredients and handcrafted blends.

There are also pastries and treats nicely presented and it is hard not to order one to go with your drinks! And they even have sandwich and salad?! Baked good are baked in house daily. Love their Danish!

Americano ($2.20) was well made with nice crema! I am eyeing their Liquid Gold Espresso and even their Affogato!

Grand Opening Special: Free small coffee and $2 Small Latte till end of March!"
"Walking passed The Wedding Cake Shoppe before my yoga class.. I could not resist admiring the beautiful fondant cakes that were displayed at the storefront... And I made a decision that will change my life... NO I am not getting marry.. I ran after my friend and told her we have to go in here to have a cupcake!!! 

4:15 pm on a Sunday afternoon, 45 minute before closing and there were hardly any cupcakes left!! The cashier said someone just came in and brought almost all flavours and only Strawberry and Chocolate Truffle left... Both looks delicious.. the cashier suggested Strawberry so Strawberry it is!! 

Before having this cupcake, my friend who is not into sweet always thinks cupcakes are super sweet and the frosting are so heavy.. and she just hated that. This Strawberry cupcake will forever changed her view too! 

Frosting was so light! With just a hint of sweetness... 

The cupcake itself... oh so light with just a hint of chocolate.. and the cake itself so moist... and has the outer layer of the cake is a little crisp... 

I know it is so hard to believe but yes The Wedding Cake Shoppe's Cupcake is just that good, excellent, out of this world!!"
"This is my first visit to Wellington Veterinary Clinic so I going to base my review on this particular experience.

The waiting area here is nicely decorated in country theme with non slip ceramic tiles flooring.

The receptionist here is nice and pleasant and greet me promptly and would not stop complimenting my dog... ok we are suckers for compliments!

Dr. Redford is kind, understanding and pleasant. He makes us feel welcome and readily answer all my questions and concerns. He gives me a sense of his sincere interest of the well being of my dog. And he keeps complimenting my dog too.. ok we are all for compliments.

My dog seems really comfortable and content when visiting the clinic and does not mind even staying still on the examination table.

I hope I find a good veterinary clinic that will provide me with the care I need for my dog.. only time will tell. But it is all good for now!

They accepts Mastercard."
"How I ended up at The Markham Station Restaurant?

Nothing is open on a Sunday before 7 AM for breakfast!! I called Eggsmart....Cora's... nothing is open aside from The Markham Station.. but they never really close anyway??

$4.99 All the Breakfast cheap...but not the breakfast I would like to have often.. maybe I might go to MacDonald instead.... yes it was that bad!!

Sausages dripping in oil... I guess they deep fried them?? When I bite into one.. the oil just dripping everywhere.... The roasted potato though reminds me of potato boiled with tomato paste....which my friend enjoyed.. 

Only 2 free refills for coffee ($2) and minimum charge is $3 per person.. as I can imagine some customers might hang out for hours and try drinking free refills of coffee the whole day.

Services here are lacking, the waitress were all so laidback..and has this 70s small town vibes, which definitely match the atmosphere of the place!

Will I come back?? Probably not? BTW, there is a McDonalds that opens 24 hours just up the street.. just saying....

FYI: CP 24 is ON!"
"2.5 Star (Since I am reviewing base on my one and only lunch experience, maybe I just ordered the wrong dish?)

I did not expect much even before visiting Mosaic Southeast Asian as restaurant serving such a big menu (Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and even Vietnam?) usually means they would not excel in all their offerings. I was hoping Mosaic would have proved me wrong........

Coming here for lunch late afternoon, service was fast. 

Lunch menu is reasonably priced with offerings starting at $8.50.

Lunch Special: 馬来炒貴刁 Char Kuay Teow ($9.95) with Lime Soda ($1.50)

Sadly this is not a good take of the national favourite dish in Malaysia and Singapore. No caramelization from the hot wok and the dish was served lukewarm. The flavour of belachan was lacking. I just feel like packing up the whole order to microwave it at home at least the bean sprouts wouldn't be raw and tasted grassy anymore. The only good thing is the generous portion but is it a bad thing if the food is meh?

Maybe a pass for me. But if you are into less strong and bold flavours, you might enjoy Mosaic Southeast Asian's offerings."
"3.5 Star

Usually you will find authentic street food in the World in the back alley where all the locals would love to eat. Wide Alley Kitchen wants to adapt the same concept and offers down to earth street food from Chongging.

Knowing a little bit of Chinese (staff speaks Mandarin and Cantonese, and their Cantonese is better than my Mandarin!) would help in the ordering process. The menu and everything are in Chinese only. 

Chongqing Noodle ($4.99)正宗重慶小面  extra spicy was really good. Spicy enough but not overwhelming. If you are a spicy lover, you would enjoy that. The staff was a little puzzled why I was brave enough to order extra spicy but I do know how hot I can handle.

Heavenly Chicken ($5.99)天堂雞 was a cold dish with shredded chicken in chili oil. This one was OK if you need a cold appetizer or some protein to go with your noodle. I order another bowl of noodle next time!

If you want to eat in, just beware that it is a really small restaurant that can only accommodate 10 people or so. 

I will be back more extra spicy noodle!"
"Capriccio is a little cafe located on Yonge Street just South of Finch. The deco inside is really cute... think inline of IKEA furniture, Coffee House in Japan/Korea, Yorkville, Garden Tea Party.

White cabinets, white walls, white tables/chairs, everything so clean, tidy and nice. There are shelves displaying tea cups, coffee cups, kettles and other products and they are all in pastel, light colours.

On a sunny weekday afternoon, most of the patrons are young Asian mother with their babies, Asian wives in their Burrberry trench coat....Slipping their coffees/teas chatting quietly and politely over a little piece of cake.

There are quite a cute selections of pastries, cookies, cakes and sweets. They got their pastries from Dufflet. There are also limited selections of Gelatos.

The services here is nice and friendly. Seems like a nice place to have a coffee and dessert with my girlfriends. But I found it lack the vibe and the energy of some of the other cafe."
"Francesca Bakery has been around for ages, located in a strip plaza on McCowan just south of Sheppard.... I don't even remember how long. 

They did some renovating lately so it does has a more modern look from the outside..  If you driveby you won't even notice it is a bakery! OK even if you park your car right in front of the store you still not sure if it is open or what inside! Since all the storefronts are covered up... but when you step inside you will see display cases of yummy, pretty looking pastries..

There are a good selections of different individual serving of cakes which are priced around $3.75.. and they all so cute and pretty...and the one that I ordered taste as good as it looks! 

There are a little area with tables on the side that you can eat your cake and drink your coffee.. Freshly made cappuccino($2.50) served in proper glassware goes well with all the sweet!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac for purchase over $5"
"3.5 Star

I don't usually hang out that late downtown but since our guest from Brooklyn was in town, we decided to take her to Bar Isabel for some small sharing plates.

Late Night Menu:

Árbol Chili Chickpeas & Snow Pea Leaves ($6)
Morcilla & Salt Cured Foie Gras ($13)
WHOLE Sea Bream Ceviche ($26)
Original Tongue on Brioche ($14)
Roast Alaskan King Crab 1/2 LB ($20)
Basque Cake & Sherry Cream ($8.50)

Most of the item we tried were A-OK. I really enjoyed the King crab. I might just skip the fish ceviche.

Hopfenstark, Ostalgia Blonde (750ml) 5.5% ($22)

Seasonal Draft from local breweries including GLB and Bellwoods and Seasonal Bottle Menu with great selection from Le Trou Du Diable and Dieu du ciel.

My Yelp friend ended up picking Hopfenstark, Ostalgia Blonde (750ml) 5.5% ($22), maybe of the low ABV%, maybe of the word ""Blonde"" or maybe it was the cheapest large format bottles on the menu. But I love how the bar attendant came over and served that to us with and explanation of the profile... (he is cute too, but it was kind of dark...)

Bar Isabel has an impressive cocktail list too. I would just hang out at the bar and have a drink or 2... $15 a pop, I have to take it easy.

Bar Isabel is a good place to have a night cap with friends and have a snack or 2. They do take reservations!"
"3.5 Star

I love the location and set up of the second location of EAT BKK. 

So much more spacious and the decor just wicked compares to their first location.

We shared my favourite Morning Glory Salad which is as good as I remembered and probably the best item I had for my visit.

Lunch Special Fried Chicken was just a sad piece of processed chicken patty which I would avoid.

Will I be back? Maybe to try out one of those shareable family style options which is new on their menu."
"Dessert Pastries for Breakfast? Why not? I am on vacation in Montreal after all!

This is the second Maison Christian Faure location we visited. The first time at Downtown location where we got a cold shoulder as the lone staff was busy on the phone after we stood there looking at the pastries for a few minutes, so we just left.

Luckily we decided to give this Old Port location a try and was pleasantly surprised by the hospitality even when the salon was busy.

For Breakfast, we ordered:

Passion Fruit and Raspberry Tart: Crispy sweet tart shell with raspberry coulis and mousseline cream with passion fruit
- Pretty to look at and if you looking for a more refreshing taste, this is a perfect choice!

Chocolate and Almond Croissant: Traditional French pastries with almonds and almond cream, made in soft butter and organic flour, with TWO chocolate bars.
- so flaky and buttery and every bite was a satisfying as the whole pastry was filled with tons of almond and chocolate! 

I am sad since I could not able to enjoy this high quality pastry in Toronto on a daily bases but I am happy that I could enjoy them whenever I visit Montreal."
"Cafe Fiorentina makes me feel I am a special guest at someone house. 

Talking about homey and cozy! Only 8 tables for 2 so you looking at 16 patrons at one time. 

Everything are made to order and ingredients are just so fresh and all locally sourced and prepared in house!

I was lucky to get the last table for a Sunday Brunch. 

Menu changed daily and they have them posted on the website and on the white chalk board. Order and take a seat, the food will be delivered to your table and after you pay at the counter.

Duck Egg Benny with Bacon Fat Fries ($14) is just awesome. I know I can be healthy and have a salad on the side but Bacon Fat? How can I resist?

The bacon.. love the bacon... so much flavour and great balance of fat and lean. 

Duck egg? I have a urge to get a carton of duck egg after I ate that...

The pastries just look amazing.. Pumpkin tart? Banana loaf? Beignet? Brownies?

I definitely need to come back for some of those...."
"Sugar Beach is kind of cute! Maybe a little too cute? 

On this particular afternoon, I am surprise to find all these bikini all over the place... girls suntanning in a sand box? 

Pink umbrellas? white loungers? 

Good place to hang out and just looking at Lake Ontario and pretend you are in Caribbean somewhere?? 

Maybe? need to daydream really hard!"
"Yum Bakery located inside Calgary Farmers' Market is a solid bakery if you want to pick up some bread, croissants or sweets.

I just could not resist picking up a croissant to go while browsing their offerings. Buttery, Flaky and Fresh.

There seemed to be a line but it moved fast. 

A good option for some treats while visiting the Market."
"The Raq is not a bad place, maybe I am getting a little too old for the scene?

The music is just too loud to the point of deafening... I cannot even carry out a conservation with anyone unless I scream into their ears! I am not that crazy to be scream at for sure.

No cover is great though and they really straight with their dress code as I saw people being turned away.

I ended up chilling out on the patio for a little while... but this is not the nicest patio to hang as it is full of smokers.

This place was not even busy by the time I ready to call it a day... 12:30 AM... no action, might as well go home to sleep!!"
"I never been to Centennial Park until now.

The Park is HUGE. Apparently there are 463 cherry trees planted in the park located in northeast of the Park Conservatory as well as along Rathburn Road and Centennial Park Boulevard.

We came on a windy, rainy weekdays. The winds were blowing all these pretty sakura on the roadway. The trees are small but I could imagine how pretty they will be in the future!

I will be back to explore the Park a little more when I am in the area."
"This is SO SO SO Neat!! A food cart in the middle of the street in North York selling Korean snack food!! 

I don't believe my eyes when I saw the food cart on the sidewalk and I scream with delight ""Karl!! This must be the Korean thing you yelp about!!!!""

So cute with the little gold fish cake maker and they are light and crisp and warm for $2/3! Thanks for Lauren M for sharing! I think they are better than the one at Green Mart!

There are also other Korean snack food that all reasonably priced. I for sure will going to back to try them all!

I wish one the day there will be one for Thai, Chinese and other Ethnic food cart appearing in the Toronto area instead of just boring HOT DOG stand!"
"This experience is based on a CMYE with a brief introduction of what uFly Simulator offers. 

The most fun experience of course was having some hands on time flying flight simulator modeled after the B 777-200ER. The experience was really realistic and interesting. There are also stations for more basic flying simulations and even a dog flight top gun style simulator.

The staff here is all really nice and patience. Yes one do need a lot of patience to guide me through some of the landing process.

Check for specials on their website and even groupon for deals. Great experience for anyone that curious about aviation."
"Cheeks Homemade Burgers & Good Eats is worth visiting if you are in Bolton area and want to have some homemade food. 

A diner like set up with a nice patio out in the back.

Remember to check out their lunch specials! Usually a choice of burger, pasta and Soup/Salad but includes a drink (tea/coffee/pop).

As usual, I could not resist lunch special: Burger and Pasta please.

Burger cooked with a touch of pink, which I like. But if you want a well done patty, do let them know. The vegetarian pasta was surprisingly good with grilled eggplant/zucchini.

Service was prompt and friendly. I love how my waitress kept offering to refill my pop.

So Cheeks is the longest restaurant been in business in Bolton! Keep up the awesome service, yummy food and reasonable pricing!"
"Last Best Brewing is the First and Best Brewery we visited during our Weekend in Calgary.

An awesome beer list, a killer patio and delicious food. 

The place is huge! Outside, Inside, Upstairs. But on a nice sunny day, we decided to enjoy the last of the Patio season. 

Sampler of 6 the way to go as there are so many interesting beers available and how could I just pick one? 

And of course something to go with the beers. Smoked Lamb Ribs was fatty and tender with Spicy Korean BBQ Sauce! The plating was creative and artistic! I would never expect a brewery has this level of sophistication.

Located right in Downtown area. Easily accessible by foot or public transit.

Highly Recommended!"
"Annina's Bakeshop has excellent baked goodies. I highly recommend their butter tarts which are quite sizable and have different flavours!

Aside from sweets, they do have breakfast/brunch offers. 

The upstairs area is quite spacious but can get really busy on weekends.

They also carries condiments, frozen entrees/soup/appetizers that are made in house. Great to pick up some for entertaining at home.

Worth stopping by if you are up in the area."
"Dropped by on Monday evening and redeemed the Internet coupon for the free sashimi.. and was so disappointed. 

The size now is so much smaller.. the fish cut really thin and small. Imagine imitation crab and cheaper cut was offered.. Yes I know it is complimentary and I should not complain.. but... 

Shabu Shabu ($12.95) was disappointing... I can tell you there's hardly enough for 1 person.. I was still hungry after I finished eating that! And the ingredients are not much better than AYCE at Hipot! So skip that! 

I will stick with my Ramen next time I am here!"
"Should I be worried?

Hot Spot is not really a hot spot for dim sum even on a nice Saturday morning during Early Bird Special.

$3.88 for small, medium and large is one of the pricest around the area. Being a new business, they might just priced themselves out of the market at this price point. There are so many other options in the area: Skyview, Dragonboat Fusion, Shangri-la just to name a few.

We ordered 5 items and they were all pretty tasty and fresh. I can tell the ingredients used are good quality and do worth that price.

So we were there for a hour and there was just another table of 2. I really not sure how they can be in business if this continues.

For now they only opens till 4 pm serving dim sum only from a limited menu."
"If you are looking for a greasy spoon diner that opens early and closes late, Thompson Diner does not disappoint. Even they no longer opens 24 hours but from 6 am to 3 am, that's pretty good business hour for me.

Lunch on a weekday is relative quiet. Our waiter is friendly and attentive. Price is fair for the food and location. This is though diner style but we are talking at one in Downtown Toronto in a Boutique hotel.

Thompson Burger ($16) was tasty and juicy. Cooked with a hint of pink. The star though was the 12 Hours BBQ Beans! Who can say no to those braised pork belly chunks hiding in that innocent looking beans....

Reuben's Happy Place ($16) was so so. The short rib pastrami was hard and dry. We were told this was the ""last"" Rueben sandwich for the day. Hmmm, that kind of explained that we got the end pieces. I did enjoy the taste profile.

Ontario Sour Cherry Pie ($8) from Wanda's Pie in the Sky has a nice butter crust and the perfect tartness from the cherry. The scoop of ice cream for $3 can be a little bigger."
"I love Pie Shack! I love Pie Shack! I love Pie Shack!

Personally I am not a pie person because I ate so many bad pies.. those nasty supermarket ones, the horrible pies that served in so many restaurants as desserts... all my pie nightmare!

The Strawberry and Cream pie I have at Pie Shack is so so tasty! The crust is so thin, so fluffy, so buttery...the filling is not too sweet but hmmm match perfectly with the pie and god forbid the ice cream!

What makes enjoying a piece of pie so special at Pie Shack is the owner. He is such a great host.. making us feel at home, moving us to the comfy sofa...heated up our pie to perfection and make sure all our cups are never empty without asking! I feel I am in someone porch or a country home enjoying a leisure lazy afternoon ..

If you do decide to drop by, please come early especially on a weekend. We were there at 3 pm or so and almost all the pies are gone!! Some customers has been turned away disappointed...

I have so looking forward to come back to try the other pies they offer!!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"$10 for a breakfast sandwich might be a little too rich for me. But I did enjoy my Bae at Egg Bae.

The scrambled eggs was nice and fluffy. The buttered buns was nicely toasted. A touch of the spicy mayo was a winner.

I saw people ordered 2 sandwiches for lunch. Yes if you ordered the basic sandwich, you are really having a light breakfast.

Might try other version that has added protein. The pork belly sounds yummy.

Wait time can be long as every item is made when order. I was lucky as there were 8 customers arrived shortly after I placed mine."
"I don't have high expectation for McDonald's. All I know is I suppose to get acceptable fast food and fast service..........

Walked in wanting to get a treat after having lunch next door and the place was crazily busy. The reason was not because this McDonald's is the coolest place to be, the staff here were just so disorganized and slow...

Our Strawberry Sundae, Soft Serve Cone and Iced Coffee took forever to be ready! Not like those are custom orders or need to be cook!!

Lines just kept getting longer and longer........ I just want my ice cream!!

Sadly my ice cream was meh as the cone tasted stale............ FAIL!!

The only good about this location is the dinner area opens 24 hours! Maybe I will be back  if I am drunk, hungry and desperate........"
"Autostrada Ristorante is located right across from Vaughan Mills so it is convenient if you come here for dinner after a whole day of shopping or a whole day of exciting fun at Wonderland.

The interior is nicely decorated. I love the display cabinet with all those ham hanging there. There are quite a few booth seatings.. those are so comfy looking! The tables are set quite far apart so you do have a lot of privacy but I cannot even see what other tables eating though :P!

The menu is traditional Italian with Antipasto, pasta, pizza and main course. The Large Prosciutto ($25) consisted of (Parma) Italian, (Jamon)Spanish and (Niagara) Canadian prosciutto nicely presented with antipasto. I like the Parma one the best because I find it not too salty and have the melt in the mouth texture. The Jamon one is a little salty for my taste. The Niagara one is a little too piggy taste (ok ok it is real pork)

I am disappointed with the Roma pizza ($16) and the Rapini Salsicia ($15). The pizza is really burnt on the side and it is a little dry. The pasta is worse, though the pasta is the freshly made type. I do love the chewy and bite of the pasta but Rapini has this overwhelming bitter taste and it is a little dry.

The wine list here is extensive!! A whole booklet even more choices than the food menu!! There are quite a few selections of $200+ bottle of wine!! Yes I see the wine cabinet which is all the way up to the ceiling!

The services here is nice and friendly. Autostrada is a nice place to hang out with friends or have a romantic dinner with someone special! ^0^

They accepts all credit cards!"
"If you want to have authentic Vietnamese food, Mr Pho might be a pass. This is probably the first time in a Vietnamese restaurant that I ate a bowl of Ma La Spicy pho, spiced by chili oil.

If you are in the hood, maybe not a bad idea. But seriously, there are now a lot of Vietnamese restaurants in the area to choose from."
"Not bad as a treat especially when there is no lines. The soft serve itself was quite dense and took awhile to melt. so a bonus if you want to take zillion photos before eating that.

Red Rapture ($5.30) is pretty in pink. Portion size is good even for a small.

Don't mind to come back and order other favours especially when there is no wait and if someone nice is treating, which would be just so sweet!"
"Magnotta Winery store for sure is a breath of fresh air for wine shopping compare to a LCBO experience!!

The store is nicely decorated with a English old country theme. The wine selections are huge.. anything you can think of.. and a lot of fruits wines and Iced fruit wines too.. Basically you can get something for under $10

The best part is you can taste before you buy! FREE TASTING! The staffs here are so friendly.. with me wondering around the store aimlessly.. one of the nice staffs came and ask me if I want to try something! YES YES YES! He suggested the Framboise (http://www.magnotta.com/ProductDetail.aspx?ProductID=128) which has a great raspberry favour!  BTW, how come he knows I love all kind of berries??

I definitely recommend coming here to get some of their products! What better than supporting local wineries and skip the outragerous LCBO prices and have excellent services!"
"Beautiful flowers! 
Great set up!
Free admission!
Tons of Parking!

Centennial Park Conservatory is just an Oasis for gardeners, photographers and artists or any one that enjoy plants and flowers. 

Beautiful flowers year round: an orchids garden, a tropical garden and a seasonal garden.

The plants are all so well taken care of. 

Worth dropping by if you are into macro photography of flowers or just want to see all these blooms all year round!"
"Cobs Bread is such a cute little bakery. 

The storefront is really small but with that it makes me feels like I am in carbs heaven!! 

Love those cute Pumpkin Cranberry Scone($1.50) and could not resist trying one of them. It has a texture of whole wheat bread but at 280 calories for that scone.. it is wise to share it with a friend. http://www.cobsbread.com/product.aspx?id=2009 

It is great that Cobs Bread has all the ingredients/nutrition information on every item they baked..but sometimes the less I know maybe better??"
"2.5 star

Sunny Bay is another Hong Kong Style Cafe that opens in  the area.

Thai deco deco from the previous restaurant looks and feels a little out of place and tired.

Afternoon Tea Set from 2 pm ~ 5 pm has decent selection of snack and noodle dish from $2.99  and up. 

Deep Fried Chicken Wimg ($4.99) and French Toast ($3.29) were both tasty with deep fried goodness!

This place really needs cleaning as everything felt so sticky.....

Not worth coming here for a special trip but may come by if in the area..."
"L'unita is dark and romantic! Great date restaurant as everything and everyone looks so much better after a cocktail or 2 in such a dim candle lit restaurant.

I can barely read the short menu and the wine list, but at least our nice waiter let me borrow his flashlight! 

Food is on the pricier side with salad at  around $15, pasta at around $25 and main from $30 and up and the portions are small! But at least I can eat my app, main and dessert without stuffing myself! 

Everything we ordered are well prepared with the fresh ingredients and in fact I feel healthy eating here. Love the Capricco and Ravioli!

L'unita won't disappoint if you are looking for more unique Italian fare not your usual seafood linguine experience!"
"Anzenchitai Izakaya does looks a little sketchy from outside.

I was not even sure it was open when we drove by as all the windows were covered up by heavy shades.

Tapas? Izakaya? My friend probably thought our late dinner would cost a fortune as a lot of small plates needed to make him satisfied.

Spicy Seafood Noodle ($10) was surprisingly good. The heat came from Gochujang Korean Chili Paste. I love the chewiness of the wheat noodle. What impressed us most was the abundant of seafood which was more than noodle! Fresh PEI mussels, Half Blue Crab, Squids, Shrimps! And at $10? (4 star)

Grilled Skewers Chef Choice ($10) was really disappointing. Sadly all the 5 skewers were bad and lack the fresh off the grull taste (1 star). The beef and chicken were the worse as they tasted bland.

Anzenchitai is a decent place for a late night snack. A place to have beers, sake and even some soju. And Spicy Seafood Noodle pleaae!"
"3 star + 0.5 star for service

Bazille might not serves gourmet food but as a little cafe inside Nordstorm, I was pleasantly surprised!

Yorkdale can feels like a zoo at any time of the day. Sometimes you just want to go somewhere quiet without fighting the crowds, Bazille might be perfect for you. This might not be the place that you want to see and be seen, but a place where you can catch up with your friends or just have a quiet meal.

The menu is small but in a good way. We ended up sharing

Crisp Calamari ($12.95) - crispy, tender and light, I will skip the dipping sauce
Prosciutto & Arugula ($15.50) - the crust is more shortbread style, lemon arugula has a nice tartness
French Press Coffee ($4.50) - good size to share! 

Our waitress has such nice welcoming smile!! Service alone worth that extra 0.5 star."
"If you live in Markham, you would have been receiving a copy of Markham Economist & Sun Newspaper every Thursdays and Saturdays.

It has some local news and event listings but mainly it is really stuffed with flyers (junk mails in disguise!!)... Remember the days pre Internet it might be a good ideal.. but now every single companies almost have their specials of the week listed on their websites: 

I wish one can just opt out on the delivery... as every week I just put in it the recycling boxes without even reading it!"
"This Tommy Hilfiger Outlet is so boring...... 

Big and Boring.... 

Nothing changed much for a couple of years... as I still find the same or similar style of clothing. Good if you don't want any changes and you like to wear something similar through the years.... 

Yawning........ Zzzzzz"
"Sugar Tiers has been on my list of place to visit for the longest time since my visit to Marble Slab Creamy next door. It is a little out of the way for me since it is up at Major Mac/404 which I don't drive by often.

Tonight at our UYE at Joe Yee, one of other fellow yelpers is so nice to got us all special treats from Sugar Tiers as desserts and he really went all the way. We all went WOW when we saw what he got for us as surprise!

Black Sesame/Strawberry/Pistachio Macarons ($1.50) 
- In general they are one of the sweetest and richest I have compare to other
- sizes wise they are medium in size but for the price wise it is the best
- I like the black sesame the best! I have a weakness for black sesame of any shape or form.

Apple/Chocolate/Strawsberry/Banana/Red Velvet/Oreo/Raspberry Cupcakes ($2)
- so pretty...to look at...makes one does not want to eat them
- the cupcakes cake base itself a little dry..... but I only have 1/6 of each cupcakes so I found it not bad.. maybe they will be more enjoyable when enjoy with a good cup of coffee

I might be too sugar overload if I ate everything! But sharing with a good bunch of yelpers did make the experience extra enjoyable!"
"Admirals Club in Terminal 3 is quite small compare to other AA lounges in the bigger hub and it can get quite crowded.

There are no complimentary wifi services, but there are 2 computer terminals for you to surf the internet and access to printer. 

There are complimentary tea, coffee and cookies but that's it! Oh yes there are free apples. If you are really hungry, there are food to order with a price.

As not as my lounge access is complimentary, I don't mind. However if I going to be charged or require a membership, I don't think I am going to waste money on that!"
"The Owl of Minerva just opened up another location up in Richmond Hill in the same plaza as Restoran Malaysia. 

I was lucky to have an early dinner around 6 pm on a Sunday as this place really got busy and there was even a short wait for a table. The fact the restaurant is quite small even with the tables all packed closely together it can only seat around 40. 

Services fast and efficient... great if you are in a hurry... 

I ordered my Seafood Tofu Soup ($8.99) Extra Spicy...but result was like a mild... there were not too many seafood in the broth only a shrimp, a mussel and a oyster... but at least they are all fresh. 

3 little plate of banchans was more like an after thought....... 

The Owl of Minerva is a great addition to the Bayview Major Mac area... at least people can hop by in case the wait at Restoran Malaysia is unbearable...

FYI, 3 tvs showing CP24 and Pop Korea MTV!"
"Noodles, It is nice to Meet you.

I love noodles and especially XXX spicy noodles. Extra numb and Extra Spicy please.

The interior decor is nicely appointed and clean. Menu has enough items choice for both spicy and non spicy lovers. 

Hot and Sour Noodles with extra numb and spicy was ok. The portion is smaller than competitors. I am not sure if there is any free noodle refills because there was nothing indicated in their menu. If they do, I do love to have at least one refill!

Service was prompt and friendly.

I might give them another try."
"My review will be based on Mill Street Brewery's Weekend Brunch experience, which I found it is A-OK! 

We arrived around 12:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon during Toronto Christmas Market event as I expected there is going to be a long wait! To my surprise, we were seated right away! I am glad that the restaurant has anticipate the booming business and layout more tables and have extra staffs. 

Our waiter is nice and friendly. Took our order and our food arrived in 10 minutes!! I was expecting with a full house, it will take a lot longer to be served. 

Egg Charlotte ($9) and Mill Street Omelet ($9) are both A-OK, especially for the prices they are charging and the location (hey I am in a touristy area)... But I suspected that they are precooked and sitting under heated lamp waiting for my order. 

It is so warm and toasty inside as they have the heat on maximum... the waitresses all wearing short skirts and I see the need for that! :P 

I will for sure want to come back and try some of their beers and ales on tap!"
"Rolls and more Rolls!

A small takeout sushi joint that makes me happy with that stuffed rolls. I hope you like avocado! Their avocado rolls are amazing, prepared with so much avocado. Orangeville Roll, a nice combination of scallops, salmon and avocado with a touch of spiciness.

There is 2 tables if you do want to enjoy your food here. 

I do wish that there is a more environmental friendly options when people eat in. Too much styrofoam and plastic made me feel guilty.

All prices includes tax!"
"Japanese food is more than just sushi! 

Sakawa Cafe serves Japanese Style Western Food (yōshoku). and comfort food (ramen, rice bowl etc). Price are really reasonable with items priced under $10.

Warm and friendly service. The lady that working the front of the house is so cheerful and homey.

We ordered:
Katsu Don ($8.50) Pork Katsu and Egg on Rice
Japanese Style Doria ($8.50) Cream Sauce with Cheese on Ketchup Rice

There is an option for adding $1 to make it a combo with salad and soup Portion was just perfect and all prepared with care. 

They also serves espresso based and hand drip coffee using Social Coffee beans.

Sakawa Cafe is just amazing!

One of the most authentic Japanese Cafe in Toronto. So down to earth and without a sense of pretentious!"
"Ice Cream Patio Ltd. should not be call Ice Cream patio.. as there are really limited choices in gelato selections.. around 8.. and the patio itself is really small facing the parking lot... not my type of patio! :) 

The restaurant was empty with just 2 table occupied.. I just want some ice cream and a cappuccino.. I didn't feel to welcome as the waiter reluctantly gave in on my request of having my scoop and coffee served in proper dishware! 

My bill was put on my table the same time when my food was served... 

Gelato di nocciola ($3) 
- Since I love hazelnut, Nocciola is always my default gelato of choice. Especially here where the choice is so limited 
- nice and creamy and full of flavour without being way too sweet 

Cappuccino ($4) 
- surprising smooth and tasty.... and the milk was nicely frothed! 

Ice Cream Patio also serves pizza in their wood burning stove... and other traditional pasta and meat dishes... 

I might come back for their food.. but I don't know if I can stand the indifference attitude of the wait staffs! Maybe I should have been used to it from my share of experience with Chinese establishments!"
"I don't know why I ended up at Pho Phuong!!! Yes my Yelp app did send me here... having Vietnamese was the last thing on my mind when I venture into this part of town...

But Tuesdays seems to be one of those days that a lot of places in the area day of rest. I was thinking I going to hit Yours Truly... but no it is not open.. How about Brockton General? no! Next... then I walked further west.. on Dundas.. on this cold winter evening...until I saw Pho Phuong.

On a cold day, a Pho is always good... and affordable? The Pho is OK here... but I was hungry and cold......

Service is as cold... but I got my food, I got my bill... and they seated me at a table with the full view of CP24.... my chopsticks are not sticky.... 

I said Thank You when they served me my food and gave me the bill and the staffs nodded their heads...  at least they did not ignore me."
"Huge room for improvement both on drink quality and service.

Having another Aroma Espresso Bar in Markham is definitely exciting. Being relatively new, there were so many things went wrong during my visit.

I have been to quite a few Aroma in GTA and pretty familiar with the menu and set up. So I was quite disappointed with this location.

I ordered a London Fog to stay. The cashier did not take my name, I guess since the cafe was not busy. So while I patiently waited for my drink to be ready, and after 10 minute I went to the counter to check. Apparently, it was sitting on the counter and no one even bother to let me know.

Nothing was provided to stir my drink. When I asked at the front, the barista held me a long plastic spoon. Huh?

People here were all busy greeting their friends when they walked in. I feel just so unwelcome as a paying customer."
"Another place where you want food that are cheap and decent!

I was there for lunch today. Their phone never stop ringing with people placing order for take out.

There are quite good choices of Cantonese food set lunch and dinner that comes with beverage starting from $4.99.

The waitress was really helpful told me lunch special that was on the chalk board. I decided on the the 3 balls (fish, beef and cuttlefish) in noodle soup and a coffee.

It was sizable and has vegetables too!! Makes a great lunch!

The service is prompt and friendly! 

I would definitely goes back and try other things on the menu!

CASH only!"
"I was skeptical and hesitate to try out this new location for Mymy Chicken after reading all these negative reviews. I did come with low expectation.

Even on a Tuesday evening, the restaurant was busy. They do have plenty of seating, aside from the main dining area, they also have another area on the right for overflow. 

Menu is similar to the other Mymy. Sadly this location does not have a popcorn machine so no fresh popcorn as a side. Maybe they can get one? :) 

Half and Half (Spicy and Golden Cheese) is my usual order which is quite consistent with their Spring Garden location. The spicy sauce definitely on a sweeter side. 

Service was surprisingly good even when the restaurant was packed with only 2 servers. One of the server even noticed I was coughing and offered to get me some hot water. When we were paying, our server even offered to do separate bills for us.

This would probably be the Mymy location I would visit from now on because of the free ample parking."
"Bun Bo Hue is a hidden gem.

I love that hole in the wall feel. And the set up is just like one of the Vietnamese restaurants in Vietnam. Simple menu and fast service.

Of course I ordered Bun Bo Hue at Bun Bo Hue! They have the usual Pho and Bun offerings too.

Love my hot fresh bowl of noodle! The broth has a well balanced flavour of savory and spiciness and that aroma of lemongrass! The toppings are authentic and plentiful! 

One of my favourite bowl of Bun Bo Hue in the GTA area. 

Cash Only."
"The inside of Crooked Star is kind of dark, so dark I cannot even see the menu! Of course, none of my photographs turn out upload worthy! :(

Nice bartender suggested for me some cider that cost $5 which was A-OK?

Small patio on the side, tables and chairs packed really tight together.. A smoking patio, so if you don't smoke... you might not like that!

A hipster bar with a nice friendly vibe... I feel totally comfortable having a drink here all by myself."
"Butter Croissant ($1.80)is A-OK! Really buttery and flaky.. hmmm..crumbs everywhere!! :P 

Cappuccino ($2.70) made from strong roast and went well with the Croissant. 

On a cold winter day, it did get chilly even the sitting area is at the back of the cafe. The tables are small and really tight together.. a really Parisian feel? 

Staffs here are super nice and smiley. 

Quiche, sandwiches and soup if you want to have a quick lunch, they all look delicious and fattening good! We are talking about French food! If it is healthy.. then they are not French! :P 

There are also some sweet and pastries and cookies for people that prefer some sweetness in life!

There are no prices on the menu written on the chalkboard.. there are no prices anywhere?! Wishful thinking.. no prices not equal to free... :)"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at  Summerlicious 2014.

I was not expected much for $15 but I am happy to report that Linda Modern Thai did not cheap out on food quality or portion even during Summerlicious!

Chicken Lemongrass Pork Siu Mai
Crispy Beef Panang (Gaeng Panang)
Deep Fried Milk Pudding

All was really solid and especially the main was just the same size as regular $13 lunch and here they charging $15 for a 3 course.

I ate the level 15 spiciness and I survived. Maybe I should go for the ultimate next time?

Service was spotty though as the place was packed and I sat at the corner of the patio.

I will be back!"
"So happy and excited that Danish Pastry House opens inside Vaughan Mills! This location is relatively spacious with area to sit down and enjoy a cup of coffee with your pastries!

Selection is similar to the other locations. I always enjoy one of the custard danish! So buttery and flaky.

They do have end of the day sale so if you there shopping in the evening, do drop by to take advantage of the special."
"This review is based on 2 visits to MeNami. Both on a weekday Tuesday, one during the hype when you need a reservation to get in anyday and one when you can drop by as a walk in on a weekday.

I like the simple menu of MeNami. An unique menu that differs from all the Izakaya/restaurant in the area.: Their star is the housemade udon. 

I like the freshness of non frozen udon. Yes there is a difference. A subtle different. But if one is paying the same price for a bowl of packaged/frozen udon at other restaurants, why not go for the fresh one with no preservatives? 

I tried the Original Kama Udon ($7.95) and Tsuke Udon with Shrimp Tempura ($10) both which I really enjoyed. I would say just skip the Tempura as the udon is really the star of the dish. 

For Tapas, I tried the Corn Kaki-age, Roasted Hamachi Gama, Tako-Wasa all really solid dish.

For drinks I would suggest to stick with beer (they have Delirium on tap) or Sake. Their cocktails is sweet and weak.

Service though was exceptional during my most recent visit. Both waiters were nice and went out of their way to make sure I have a good time.

I would be back for some more fresh udon. I think this is the only restaurant that offers freshly made noodle in GTA."
"Being a relatively brand new dealership, Agincourt Hyundai has a really spacious showroom. Love all these big windows, the nature lighting just makes all the car on displayed looks nice and shiny!

Surprisingly, most of the cars on display were still last year model (2013)?! The dealer should have the latest model on display instead!

We were approached and helped by a sales representative the moment we walked into the dealership. 

The test drive was pleasant as there was no preset route and we got to drive to wherever....."
"It sounded a little sad if I coming back to The Combine Eatery just for their hot sauces??!! But only if they have the XXX extra hot habanero... 

I don't know about you guys... but I found it a little boring to just eat Fish Taco here as there are so many different items offers in the menu. After twisting the arms of Vivek and Rafi I nicely convinced them to order Carne Asada (Beef) and Fried Shrimp Taco! And I have this special Jennifer K's Trio Combine Tacos ($14.95). 

Fish - a little bland... I need to drown that in hot sauce... but it was fresh and if more seasonings would be added will make the taste more complex 

Shrimp - has a great kick since it has sauces already.. a little sour, sweet and tangy... (thanks Vivek for sharing) 

Beef - really tender slow cooked in a tomato based... most filling of them all... (thanks Rafi for sharing) 

Services are excellent!! Separate bills?!! No automatic gratuities??! Accept All credit cards?! 

I want to be back and try out other food items on the menu..but I will probably skip their tacos.... 

I don't know why Tacos are so expensive in Toronto.. the Mexicans must be laughing and wondering why we paying so much for their street food..."
"Real McCoy Burgers and Pizza is located in one of this tiny tiny strip plaza at Scarborough. One of those sketchy places I would not have visit in the middle of the night (BTW, they opens till 1 AM, but closed on Sundays if you want one for midnight snack).

Dropped by on a Sunny weekeday afternoon and this place is hopping with action. I do feel a little out of place in this little burger takeout place. I am the only female there... Can I tell them yelp sent me here??

The gentleman at the cash is super nice. It is fun for sure to look at how my patty going up in flame and yes burnt marks.. (I can hear my boyfriend telling me how unhealthy they are....) I ordered the 8oz Homestyle Burger Combo with onion rings instead of fries ($6.49). 

Homestyle Burger - Nice and juicy. Charcoal with burn marks. Yummmm 4 stars
Services - All the people that works here are so nice and friendly. 4 stars
Onion Rings - meh... Sorry don't like it ... the batter too thick and heavy for my taste, will skip that and order just the burger or the home made fries instead

Will be back for sure to try the MOJO Burger!!

Cash Only!"
"3.5 Star 

Fountain Cuisine is a new dim sum/Cantonese restaurant opened on the second floor of Oriental Centre.

The waitstaff here all really friendly. A good neighbourhood vibe and I can tell they really want the business to do well.

The dim sum we ordered were all excellent! The Egg Tart's shell were really buttery and I love how my Beef Rice Roll was full of snow pea shoot! The pan fried Turnip Cakes has tons of turnips inside instead of all dough at other places I been to. They also have a lunch special that offers various noodle for $4.99 (1 order per table). 

I will be back if I want some casual eats. The wait time is short and the hostess can work out some table sharing options if you willing to share!"
"2.5 star

Kori Sushi is a small family restaurant that serves both Japanese and Korean dishes.

Hidden at the corner, you will not even see the restaurant storefront when you drive by. I knew exactly where it is since I been to the traditional Korean restaurant that used to be here.

Lunch Sspecial till 4 pm on Weekdays.

Sushi Lunch Large ($11.99)

-  8 pieces of Nirgri Sushi with 4 being Salmon, wish there more variety. 
- California roll has a nice crunch 
- Shari rice though not Japanese rice was well prepared with nice bite and good seasoning
- no wasabi in sushi

Overall experience is average. Not good enough for me to want to go back.

Maybe Korean dishes tastes better? 

Service though nice and friendly and seems to doing well with takeout."
"There are 5 different Plaza Premium Lounge in the Toronto Pearson Airport alone! 

The lounge we usually frequent is that one in Terminal 1 for US Transponder flights.

There are tons of windows in the lounge and have good view of the runway. The seats are comfortable and cushiony.

There are machines for you to make your own freshly brewed coffee, expresso and cappuncino. The breakfast selection is really nonexistent though.. they have this funny rubber looking and tasting eggs.... and some cookies and bread...

There are alcoholic drinks like beer... but I never drink them since I always there at 7 AM zzzzzzzzzz I just need my coffee...

There are a place for showers if you prefer......

And WIFI access with the password provided.

I don't think I will be paying $35+taxes to use the facilities! If you have the access as a perk..then run to the lounge!
Free is ok... $35 NOT good! :)"
"This Fresh Co replaced Sobeys in this location.

Though no longer 24/7, it is a way better grocery store for the area compare to the old Sobeys.

Walking in, the set up now is totally different than before and even the merchandise selection is way versatile with a lot of ethnic dry goods from around the World and the price is way more competitive.

Clean and spacious. Fresh Co might be my to go to Supermarket to pick up my grocery needs!"
"Close to 1230 AM on a Saturday, looking for somewhere close north of the city to chill.. we ended up at Alleycatz.

$10 cover and $2 coat check and $7 for beers....

Live Band sings some R&B, not exactly dance music or Jazz but is quite entertaining. 

Crowds are a little older most of them over 30s and mostly guys......

Watching the mating rituals is an entertainment in itself!"
"Axia Cafe is located in the food court area inside Pacific Mall. One of the Chinese owned and runned Japanese and Korean Restaurant in the area.

I found the interior quite dark since all the furnitures and deco are dark brown in colour and the lighting is pretty dim. There are some booth sitting in the middle of the restaurant and there are tables looking outside to the food court area of the mall.

The menu is a mixture of Korean and Japanese food. There is a daily lunch special from Monday to Friday for $6.99  that includes a drink. Since today is Friday, the special is Pork Bone Soup with rice which I decided on trying.. this same dish is $9.99 regular price without a drink.

There are no complimentary appeititzers with the lunch specials. My pork bone soup arrived quickly. There were 3 pieces of bones and a big potatoes. The soup base is really bland.. definitely not spicy. The rice is not the brown rice which is offered in the Korean restaurant, just plain white rice. For $6.99 it is ok.. but if I have to pay $9.99 for it, I will NOT be happy!

The service is quite good though. The waitstaffs kept walking around checking to see if the teacups were filled. 

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"Casa Deluz Banquet Hall, the newest Chinese restaurant that replaced Regal at Woodside Square.

Chandeliers brightly lit the huge dining room area to the point of blinding. I might need sunglasses.

Early Bird Special Dim Sum $2.80 all sizes before 11 am seems to bring everyone here to try out this new place. If you want to take advantage of this special, come early! They opens at 8 am.

Dinner though is a different story. At 9 pm Friday, the restaurant was empty. Dinner menu has most of the traditional Cantonese dish available.

Chicken with Onion and Mushroom ($12.88) 磨菇葱爆雞球

Chinese Zucchini with Dried Scallop and Mushroom ($14.88) 瑤柱冬菇絲扒節瓜甫  

Portion and taste were both surprisingly decent. Even the chicken dish has quite good wok har (fresh from the wok).

Casa Deluz is a pretty good choice if you have a big group as there are a lot of big tables. But prepare to pay a higher price for the experience.

Service though a little awkward for a higher end Chinese restaurant at this price point, Staff needs a lot of training to be up to standard."
"Huge Buns! Good Quality!

Brothers Bakery has really solid product. Nothing really fancy here or fusion but just traditional Chinese baked goods that I grown up with.

Family owned and operated. A lot of regulars coming in just to buy their products or hanging out at the few tables set up in the front of the store.

Egg Tart and Milk Tea both decent and for $2.15, great as an afternoon snack.

40% off all buns after 5 pm."
"A Starbucks that opens from 6:00 AM to 11:00 PM 7 days a week is always a good additional to the neighbourhood!! 

The staffs here are friendly and welcoming. Every customers that walked into the store were greeted and the barista even greeted quite a few of the customers by their first names and making small talks! 

Tons of seatings, Big comfy sofas,, and electric outlets locate all around the store (you know what that mean when your laptop/phone are dying and you can get so frustrated when there are only 4 outlets in a whole store!) 

On a Saturday evening, the place feels deserted!! But it is great for me.. so I got to sit wherever I want and make myself comfy for my FTR!!!"
"Centre Eaton de Montreal is a decent place to walk and shop and eat especially when the weather is freezing outside.

Food court is clean and even have some interesting vendors including Nu Do that offers freshly made to order hand pulled noodle!

It is definitely not a must visit tourist spot but not bad to pick up something to eat or even some nacarons from one of the carts!"
"Late Night Menu at Trattoria Mercatto doesn't have a lot of choices... but I am ready to eat as I just walked off my dinner at Maroli up at Korean Town.

I have to say the wait staffs here are all a little off... wackily off... just have this strange vibe of being nice but with an attitude.

We ended up ordering 

Selection of local and imported artisanal meats and cheeses($16.00)
and some drinks..... with my Yelp Friend....

The meat and cheese selections were quite nice (details which I don't remember), goat cheese, mozzarella cheese and cured meat.

I hope I am not getting use to the idea of snacking on delicacy and sipping drinks every night as a midnight snack...."
"I want my Lunch Specials!! 

I placed my order for the Halibut Wrap/fries with pop ($7.95) at 12 pm or so on a Wednesday and the nice waitress inform me they were sold out! At 12 pm???

Since I really want to have some deep fried oily fish for lunch so I stuck with ordering

Halibut with chips ($10.95) 
- The fish though small but was nicely done.. lightly breaded and deep fried to light golden brown. The fish itself was moist and fresh
- I will skip the fries next time... nothing really specials.. 

50 cents extra for tartar sauce? that little tiny thing cost 50 cents? I think with the prices they charging they should just give the extra sauce for free!

Waitress was nice and efficient but can be a little pushy? She reminds me of someone's mother.. and I was told to be a good girl and  finish all my food... :)"
"Conveniently located just North of Finch on Yonge, this LCBO is a little disappointing. A lot of empty shelves and really limited beer selections!

Cashier is friendly and enthusiastic! Ample parking, great to pick up something fast!

Maybe all these condo dwellers around the area emptied their stocks over the weekend?"
"A nice standalone Starbucks in a busy intersection Yonge and Steeles.

All the amenities includes parking (limited), quick mobile order, drive thru, ample seating options and even Clover Reserve!

The patio area is huge but a little messy. I like those cushioned loungers but they are dirty. Aside for that, thereare quite a few umbrellas for shade and being West facing, it does get a lot of sun.

Wifi signal constant and strong even in the patio area.

Not a bad option when you in the hood."
"Milano is a Coffee Roasters and Cafe based in Vancouver and this location is their first non Vancouver location.

I love the simple and chic interior. The Macchiato ($3.25) I ordered was a nice and bold flavour with a nice crema.

On a weekday 11:00 am, I could not find a table to enjoy my coffee but I did enjoy sipping mine at the bar area.

Service is definitely a 4 star. While I was sipping my coffee, one of the barista serves me a glass of cold water without me requesting for one! 

Definitely worth coming to Milano for an espresso drink when you are in the area!

I can't wait when they have the espresso tasting bar set up like in Vancouver."
"If you been to Pho Vietnam's Kennedy location, this is their newest location at Midland and Finch.

I been waiting for this restaurant to open for months since my Yelp friend told me about that... and finally it opens for business this week.

Brand new restaurant... everything so nice and clean.... love the high ceilings and the floor to ceiling windows!

Staffs are really polite... calling me madam? Seriously? 

Special Pho Medium ($7.50)
- the clear broth is well flavoured and steaming hot, hot enough for my raw bean sprout to be cooked
- extra points to the meat, especially the tendon so buttery tendon.  This is one of the few occasions I enjoyed the meat more than the noodle itself

I am glad that they have the ""elevator"" background music on quite loud as I can even hear myself slurping on the noodle....

10% Grand Opening Specials!"
"Ginger & Onion as another traditional dim sum restaurant with push carts is definitely a winner!

It is the sister restaurant of Honey Garlic just up the street. However, for how the seating are set up, I like it better here because it is more open and the push carts trolley have enough spaces to do their rounds. 

They have the all day specials of One Price for all Sizes of dim sum offers here and the prices are based on the time when you are visiting the restaurant. For value, best to come before 11 am or after 2 pm.

The push cart's ladies are definitely a lot less aggressive at this restaurant. They do ask if you if you like some of their offerings but no ""hardselling"" involved. 

They also has a list of specials for noodles and other non dim sum item. BTW, the steamed veggie here is $3.95 and a lobster noodle is $9.95...(should have order that!)

The dim sum here is really good for the prices $2.20 a dish.. I am not complaining.

When we leaving at around 12:30 pm, there is a wait for table and it is a weekday lunch.. imagine on Saturdays and Sundays?!"
"Historical, Heritage and free Wifi just a few word to describe Yorkville Library.

Great pit shop to ome in to check emails, use your Yelp App or whatever.

Washroom is decently clean.

The only complaint I have is no comfy sofa seating! This place definitely feels like a library!"
"3.5 star

I just love little cafe.

Los Cafetaleros Coffee Roastery uses their own roasted beans making a wicked cortadito ($2.50), rich and aromatic. 

Americano ($2.25) single shot though a little weak, please let the barista know not to add too much water.

Love the armchairs facing College Street as my Yelp friend feels like one of those retired Portuguese men.

$10/lb for any beans till the end of October. And of course I could not resist a bargain.

The owner is passionate about coffee and knowledgeable about their beans and products."
"Toronto Star Food Building seems to be the most popular attraction in CNE. 

I love the concept of having a food fair with International food stalls all under one roof. But since it is an older building, it is just so hot and crowded! There are a few interesting vendors but most of them are just meh. 

Lines and lines if you want to order something from your favourite food vendors. But seriously, there is even a line for Pizza Pizza??!!

This place can be a real fire hazard when packed to capacity. 

For less stressful food experience, there are other locations scattered around the fairground."
"3.5 Star

What should I order?

I was overwhelmed by all the choices here at Sweet House Dessert!

342 items of ice, pudding, slush and snacks to choose from in a small dessert place that has a capacity around 15 customers. 

After studying the menu for awhile, we decided on:

#78 Matcha Sago wi/Red Bean & Mochi ($5.95) - great texture contrast of all the element. A little taste of bitter from matcha and a little sweetness from red bean.

#21 Durian Grass Jelly in Vanilla Sauce ($7.95) - When I saw the girl took out a fresh durian from the fridge, I knew I would like it. That huge ball of durian flesh was the star of the show.....

So now 2 down, another 340 item to chose from the next time I am here!

Sweet Home Dessert has this sweet homey family vibe. Price point might be a little higher than other places. Yes I did spent $8 plus tax and tip on my durian dessert, but it is OK to splurge once in a while, especially for something I enjoy!

BTW, why was my Yelp Friend kept moving further and further away from me?"
"Cedarbrae Public Library has been serving the local community since November 1966.

Of course there had been numerous expansions and renovations over the years... and Cedarbrae library I had to say it the best library I been to in the Toronto area. 

Why 5 Star?! A library that good?!

- Exterior architecturally pleasing to look at
- Interior Modern and chic like a boutique hotel lobby
- Tons of windows with natural sunlight
- Airy and Spacious interior
- Comfortable chairs to chill or to take a nap
- Electric outlets!! Even have that incorporate into the coffee tables
- Great collections of all ethnic books
- Free WIFI

Even a TV showing CP24 in the casual reading area!!

I wish all libraries are like that.........................."
"I was pleasantly surprise with my lunch experience at Azian Cuisine. 

Usually I don't go to Asian restaurants that really catered to non Asians... Usually the dishes are modified and can be so ""fusion"" that they don't taste authentic. 

Azian Cuisine is one of those that serves everything 
- Chinese BBQ, dim sum, Cantonese stir fried dishes, congee 
- Japanese 
- Thai 
- Vietnamese 

There's always the problem of how can one restaurant going to make everything good? After having lunch at Azian Cuisine, I cannot really answer that question.. but the Pad Thai ($6.99) I ordered was decently good... Not excellent but surprising good since I didn't expect that much in the first place. 

I have to give extra credit that my Pad Thai used white meat, not too salty, not too oily. gave me a sense that I have a healthy lunch! :)

BTW, all the staffs are Cantonese speaking!"
"It's hard not to go to a Menchies that my friend 4 starred it.

Free samples all offers for everyone.. even the drive by cars.. and that includes a group of fireman!

On a nice day, sitting under the shaded area with the garage door opened up all the way letting the breezes in...

Superfriendly cashiers.. 

Parking lot maybe quite busy with all the restaurants in the plaza. Use the traffic light to get in and out of the plaza will be the safest route.. Bayview can be really really busy during rush hour and prone to accidents!"
"I have fond memory of Dragon Centre. This is the first ever Chinese Mall I visited when I arrived in Toronto years ago....

It was a comforting experience as seeing all these familiar stores selling products from home and food court serving tasty Chinese food.

Fast forward to now... Dragon Centre is No longer the to go place for any of the above. Now Markham is where all the action is!

Come during a weekday afternoon, most of the stores are closed... but the good thing is there's tons of parking spaces!!"
"Patio! 

Big TV at the bar and dining area!

Decent draft and bottle beer list!

It might not be the best pub/bar in the area, but I just love the cozy and laid back vibe of The Blake House!

Free Wifi!

I just wish the patio is not cigar friendly. Not good for non smokers on a windy day.

I definitely be back to meet up for friend for some drinks when I am in the area."
"Gallucci Winery is close to home in Stouffville. 

When driving into the Country estate like setting, I was impressed. This is probably one of the nicest vineyard in the area! The Italian Courtyard from entrance is perfect as a backdrop for wedding and special occasions!

Wine tasting charge is waived with purchases. So we ended up buying a bottle or 2. A little pricey for VQA Ontario but it is good to support local business."
"HC? Hard Core? or Hot Core?

I really enjoyed my class at Hot Yoga Wellness Woodbridge. The sequencing though simple with really fundamental poses, but with the heat.. it ended up to be a good challenging workout.

Drip Drip Drip... I felt like I just sweat everything out....even the Sapporo I drank the evening before...

Not the hottest class I been to, but even lying there pre class, you do feel like you are somewhere under the warm sun in Caribbean.....

The studio itself though just have really basic facilities: 3 showers and 1 bathroom. No lockers. Clean but a little dated and in need for a facelift, this location used to be Moksha until it rebrand themselves to Hot Yoga Wellness.

There are 2 doors for entering and exiting the practise room.. one leads to the reception area, the other to the ladies changing room.. (I secretly hoping my Yelp Friend would have picked the right door in his stage of dehydration)

Passport to Prana was welcomed with a smile.

A good varieties of classes, great to practise here if you live or work in the area!"
"Just love the deco and the vibes of The Painted Lady!

It has a feel of a saloon, love the rich velvet colours and the comfy loungers with nice soft cushions that I can just sink into............

Even on a Tuesday night, the place was hopping with action and beautiful people which were all classy and friendly. Services was great and polite and the music was good!

I definitely would be back for a night cap next time when I am in the area! Just make sure I don't roll down the stairs when I go to washroom! :)"
"3.5 star

Looking for my caffeine fix while driving along Yonge Street....

I drove by Himalayan Java and I go BINGO! Looks like a Cafe.. and it is open.. and I never heard of that... maybe a FTR?

Himalayan Java just opened for business 3 days ago!! I could not even find any listing on google or anywhere....Though there is a corporate website and apparently it is a franchise from Nepal....

The mission statement of Himalayan Java is to ""promote the fledgling Nepalese coffee industry by investing in people from producer to consumer, and to promote local grown coffee in the international niche market.""  

The set up is pretty cozy with different sitting options: communal tables, armchairs or individual tables... 

Extremely friendly baristas... My Caffe Latte ($3.50) is decent... latte art is so so but I was staring at him while he doing his pull... :P

If you want to have some sweets. they carries pastries and baked goods from Rahier Patisserie, which made awesome cakes!

Free WIFI.... open from 8 AM to 8 PM...

There are also Nepali products on sale: mediation CDs, incense and handicrafts...

I'll be back!

Pheri bhetaunla!"
"2.5 Star but round up to 3 star because it is relatively new.

Sushi Legend is another new AYCE Japanese restaurant located in Finch & Leslie Square.

The interior is nicely decorated and have a lot of booth seating for small group which is great since they offers quite a bit of privacy too.

Lunch Special till 4:30 pm that gives you the choice of either lunch set from $6.95 or AYCE from $12.95 depends on the day.

Sushi Lunch Bento Box ($8.95) was A-OK. The shrimp tempura was nice and crispy and fried to perfection. The sushi though aside from the salmon all tasted not super fresh, however the rolls are nicely made! I will suggest if you are a big eater, go for the AYCE option as I was just half full after that bento box!

Services is fast and maybe too fast. I was given the bill even before I start eating my dessert?! For dessert, you do have a choice of ice cream.

Grand Opening Special 10%! or if you want to be real cool, check in with your Yelp App and get 10% off!

Management is sincere in looking for improvement as he really asked me how everything is and what to improve. This is quite rare in Chinese run restaurant!

BTW, they really needs to work on their website.... it is just so amateur!"
"A place I have always been dreaming of! 

J-Town By The Sea will probably be my to go place for anything Japanese and fresh from the sea! This place is just like a mini fish market in Japan!

Lunch Special with a choice of 7 items till 2pm if you want a taste of well prepared cooked seafood or Sashimi. 

Kaisen Don ($10.80) was so so good. Nothing fancy but have this homey feel or something prepared with care! A mixture of cooked and raw seafood of what is fresh and available.

There are also uni, eel and even exotic fish from Japan. Fresh or frozen seafood....Sashimi heaven!

There is an small eat in area and you can eat from real  bowl!

I will be back! A grilled whole sea bream!"
"Scanning at all the restaurants that participating in the Savour York Region this year, I couldn't stop yawning... All these Italian restaurants serving similar items.. how many Cesar Salad can I eat?? Veal Marsala again?! $35 for dinner?? Until Grain's Bistro Menu caught my eyes!!

OK! The price helps a LOT $25 for prix fixe dinner?! Interesting Menu Selection? No more pasta!! Yes I am IN! The good thing  that Linguine Frutti  Di Mare is in the main menu just in case my boyfriend just want his usual!

Grains Bistro decor is chic, modern and minimalist. The bar area has a sport bar feel with big TV and there are also 2 others dining area that can be curtain off.

My Choice which is also the waiter's recommendation:
-Seared Ahi Tuna and Asian Slaw
- Moroccan Braised Lamb Shank served with Garlic Mush and Veggie
- Chocolate Torte

My dinner mate's choice:
- Golden Beet and Arugula Salad with Buffalo Mozzarella
- Creole Jambalaya (French Quarter Style Jambalaya with PEI Mussels, Shrimps, Clams, Langostino Lobster, Chicken, Andouille Sausage in a Spicy Creole Sauce)
- White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Mousse

I love all my choices!! The seared tuna was so heavenly!! Lamb Shank soft and tender, and chocolate torte was served warm!

As usual, other people food are always better?? My dinner mate started looking at mine!!! And when he started to make excuses of 
- I don't eat Golden Beet?! What is Golden Beet? Your Tuna looked better
- Spicy Sauce for the Jambalaya is too spicy!! I think you would love that...
- White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Mousse? I don't like White Chocolate...

So switch... My waiter got a little confused....

Special mention is all our food were served piping hot and fresh! I guess it helped when we were the only table just one hour before closing!

I definitely be coming back again!! Especially on Saturday when Grain's Bistro has Live Jazz Performance!!"
"I should get a little worry or should I be really afraid?

A brand new St Louis Bar Bar & Grill just open up in the plaza right next to Moksha Yoga RH!!

This evening while practising on an empty stomach in a heated room, all I think about was an iced cold beer and hot like hell wings, and would the Leaf going to win tonight's game!

Service here was amazing. Friendly and polite.

The restaurant itself is small and cozy with enough TV so no matter wherr you sitting, you would have a good view.

A Lb of their Hot As Hell Wing and Perfect fries went so good with my Mill St Organic.

PS the manager opened the door and welcomed me in and the bartender really personal... made me feel right at home!

I will be back....anytime"
"Miller Tavern has the best patio in the area! Having a drink here surrounded by all the trees and plants made me feel like I am up North chilling in Cottage Country!

The cocktail specials though amazingly priced but they were disappointingly weak. Berry Pom Fizz ($3.95) tasted like sparkling water and Pitcher of Red Sangria ($19.95) tastes like juices.... I suggest stick with the $3.95 Corona instead, at least it tasted like a Corona?!

The food though is really good as I shared:

Charcuterie Board ($14) - cured & smoked meats, house made pâté, mustards, pickles, and bread

While I nibbled off from my friend's:

Calamari ($14) - lemon mustard aïoli, chilies and Shrimp Cocktail ($16)

Service was not the greatness this time.... our waitress was a little cold but I was too busy having a great time with my fellow yelpers to notice.

I will be back again to chill on the patio... with a bucket of Corona? maybe?"
"Smith Bros is definitely a rare gem in Scarborough!

11 local crafted beers on draft. And 3 Smith Bros drafts: lager, light and red brewed by Great Lakes Brewery especially for them! At $5 a pint?! What a great way and incentive for me to support local family owned breweries!

My Beer Sampler($7) is a good way to try out a few beers in one seating! You can just pick any combinations on tap! Of course I ended up trying the house brand and have Kawartha Lakes Raspberry Wheat as my dessert!

Since I am in a steakhouse, I should try their steak. Wet Aged for a minimum of 28 days, my 7 oz Sirloin ($17) was cooked perfectly medium rare, smokey, tender and juicy! There are also different house made steak sauces to go with the steak. I couldn't decide on either the Peppercorn Cream or the Crumble Bacon with Bourbon... Ended up I picked the bacon sauce and I don't really like that and my waiter brought the peppercorn one to me so I can try! Talking about service!

Even during lunch, Smith Bros is quite busy so make sure you make a reservations if you coming during weekend.

I can't wait to come again for their Complete Dinner starting from $24 which includes an app, steak and dessert! 

Meat.... Beer... This is good! 

Happy Hour Monday to Friday 3 pm - 6 pm with $5 app.. I need to come for Happy Hour too I guess!"
"I can only be fooled once... 

Last time when I was in Montreal, I followed all the advice of my friends to go Schwartz and of course I left unimpressed.... I didn't wait 1 hour in line, and no way I am going to do that nor going to eat at Schwartz again...

Main Deli feels empty with no lines at 2 pm on a weekday afternoon... and here no tourists either. 

Of course I am here for the Smoked Meat! 

Super Special $11.45 (Sandwich, fries and drink), of course is a deal I wouldn't miss. 

One bite.. and I know it is the one. Juicy, Moist and Delicious! A great mix of fat and lean.........

Roasted Beef Sandwich ($6.15) though was dry and bland. I don't think I would order that again!

Main Deli also closes late! I can have a smoked meat sandwich as midnight snack?! SWEET!

Next time when I am in town, I am going to wait for my friends here drinking a beer eating a smoked meat poutine while they wait for their turn to get into Schwartz's... Tourists!"
"I usually only visit Square One once a year over the last 10 years or more. 

Every time I visit, they are building something new or improving on the existing infrastructure. 

Love how bright and spacious the interior is now compared to years ago. And the nicer stores that have been moving in too!

I never have a problem finding parking even on a busy Sunday afternoon.

I still will be coming to Square One for my yearly visit and excited to see the new stores and business that would be opening in the future!"
"3.5 Star 

Are you HUNGRY?

Are you into BREWs?

Are you into HOPs? (Beer hops or bar hopping?)

Are you up North at the end of 404?

You should come here NOW!

26 Beers on draft with Great Lakes and Beau's Seasonals. A good selection of bottles too.

Food menu is quite diverse. We ordered quite a few things to try. 

HBH Burger ($15) and Grilled Chicken Cheese Sandwich ($13) were both great. Pork Belly Banh mi ($14) and Mac+Cheese ($6) were meh. 
Hand-Cut frites ($5)  was really good!
Definitely skip the Tiramisu ($6) looked cute but didn't worth the calories!

$10 for a sampler of 4 beers on tap was a great deal.

Hungry Brews Hop is an awesome addition in Newmarket Main Street area. 

Cheers!"
"Aurora Chinese Restaurant is a good addition to the neighbourhood which lacks authentic Chinese restaurants.

At least the dim sum dishes I tried were quite good. And on a Sunday prime dim sum time there was no wait, as there was just another table aside from us.

Chiu Chow Dumpling ($2.99)
Shrimp Dumpling ($4.99)
Chicken Feet ($2.99)
Beef Rice Noodle Roll ($4.99)
Deep Fried Sesame Dumpling with Duck Egg York ($3.99)

Pricing are comparable with the higher end Chinese restaurants in Markham/Richmond Hill area, though the quality might not be as good. 

I just have to say I dislike the deco here. Trying to imitate the likes of Crown Prince and Crown Princess but just falling short. Most of the suppose ""French Baroque"" details are just cheap and rough copies - a tacky ""dollar"" store vibe instead of that grandiose atmosphere they want to achieve.

I would not make a special trip from Markham/Richmond Hill to dine at Aurora Chinese Restaurant. However, if I am in the area or meeting some friends or just don't want to handle the weekend crowds, Aurora Chinese Restaurant is definitely a good option!"
"I got really excited that Symposium open up right in my neighborhood.

Why?

Now I can get a $3.75 burger with $3.75 beer every Mondays!

$4 Martini on Wednesdays with $9.95 mussels

Date Night $40 for 2 and 1/2 L of Wine for $10

Daily Early Bird Breakfast and Dinner Specials on top of Happy Hour Special.

Opens till 2 am on weekends and 1 am on weekdays when no one else really opens around here.

The dining area is a little smaller the other locations I have been to. Just hope it won't get super busy. If you want to come catch a sport game, there are only 3 tv at the bar area.

$3.75  Caesars from 11~3 pm...

I love Specials!

Btw, the burger was juicy and really good and so was the service!"
"Cake Town Cafe is definitely a gem in this neighbourhood.

Stepping through their front door, I feel like I am in a different world! It has a complete different vibe compares to the neighbourhood. Get to have a time out alone, with your friend or just spend some time on your laptop.

Love the sofa area in the front! With the huge windows letting the sunlight in..... 

I tried their Cappuccino and Americano. Disappointing though the cappuccino was not well done as the milk was poorly frothed. 

Hopefully my next visit to Cake Town Cafe the coffee will be better and I would definitely try some of their baked goods!"
"Just another No Frills.. an older and smaller No Frills compare to the new builds!

But never too busy, even on a Sunday evening! I always amaze to see no line at check out at any No Frills!

Another advantage is that it is located in a plaza that has quite a choice of ethnic food: Chinese, Filipino, Caribbean, and even a bubble tea place!

Convenient for picking up something before or after heading over to have a bite."
"I have to admit that I never been to the Old location of Chinese Beef & Lam House... 

This place used to be a AYCE Japanese/Thai restaurant. Gone was the old sushi bar and all the Japanese decoration but the lay out of the restaurant is really similar.

Lunch Specials from $5.99 till 4:30 pm on weekday is a sweet deal... Portion wise just perfect without leaving me wanting to have a second lunch!

Hand Made Beef Noodle Soup ($5.99) was quite savory, the noodle cooked al dente with a good bite.

Service was indifference and cold.... but I got my food fast, hot and delicious.........for all I care, that's most important!"
"I think a lot of the usual Cafe Cogo's customers got really confused as why their favourite Hong Kong Style Cafe/Congee Noodle restaurant becomes Skyview Fusion Cuisine.

Apparently Cafe Cogo's owner has a change of business plan for the better. A high end Chinese restaurant which will attract a different group of customers that are more concern with the food quality, services and more innovated menu.

It was surprisingly busy when we dropped by for dinner on a late Sunday evening. The service though was excellent. The management is working really hard to make a good first impression and they know the menu really well.

Braised Pork Soft Bone with Preserved Vegetable ($16.99) and Fish Fillet Stir Fried with Maitake Mushroom and Vegetables ($24.99) were both really well prepared. I love the Pork dish as it is so soft and tender and the preserved vegetable has a sweet and savoury taste. 

By the time we finished our dinner, the regular complimentary dessert was no longer available. A little disappointed, but the manager request the kitchen to prepare Black Sesame Rice Ball in Sweet Ginger Soup especially for us. That's just amazing customer service!

Skyview serves Dim Sum during the day and there's an early bird special on Weekdays before 11 AM (order has to be put in before 10:50 AM) with all sizes at $2.80. And of course, I will be back for that special!"
"Seems like a lot of people working in the surrounding business buildings comes here to pick up a coffee, a quick bite and some sweets.

The interior is surprisingly well decorated and love those armchairs if one want to chill a little.

No free parking, so I doubt I would come here much unless I have some business to attend in those offices and business."
"Saturday at 11:00 pm,  The Red Light was surprisingly quiet.... though music was loud and pumping... there were plenty of empty tables.

I was wandering around the area looking for a drink, fellow Yelper's promised of great beer selections brought me here. And I was not disappointed. Friendly and knowledge bartender was patient and going through some of the selections..... 

Dead Man Ale ($7) sweet with a bitter after taste really hit the spot.

Cozy and friendly atmosphere with a lot of locals hanging around the bar. 

Drinking my beer and looking at the Red Lamp in front of me, and oh it is why it is call the Red Light, and here is not Amsterdam..... nothing seedy here at all.... and I felt so at home and relax.......... cheers!"
"I know it is ANOTHER Starbucks!! But I have to say this is not the usual Starbucks I been to.. and I been to quite a lot!!

This place is huge!! Reminds me of a French Bistro than a Coffee Shop! Maybe it in fact a classy French Bistro in its previous life?

So many different sitting options! Single small tables for single or couple, big comfy leather sofas, arm chairs or the communal table at the back.

What caught my eyes is the Clover Press!! I always like my coffee brewed fresh and at this Starbucks I have the option without spending a fortune! The tall is $2.25 and a Grande is $2.45 which is just 30 cents more but you got to pick the beans you want, have them freshly grind and made it fresh to order for you!! 

I wish more Starbucks has that option!

The staffs were super friendly and really knowledgeable!!

I think this is my favourite Starbucks in the downtown area to date!!!"
"I always IN for sweet and staying out late on a Saturday night! 

After having Japanese sushi, we looking for a place for a night Cap and my date suggested going to Sicilian Sidewalk Cafe for some crepes! She really knows how I roll! 

Sicilian Sidewalk Cafe is not one of those girly Cafe... Nothing Girly with Leaf's Game showing on TV (aside from the Leaf's being girly and they suck big time..?? that's a different story!) 

Freshly made Crepes/Waffles seems to be the most popular thing on the menu... So we decided to share a ice cream crepes... that was so yummy... but the tiramisu was one of the worst  and the driest one I ever have! 

SKIP the cake!! Order anything else but that!!

I have to give credit for Sicilian Sidewalk Cafe to stay open till 3 AM on Friday and Saturday night... What's better to have one of those crepes after a whole night of drinking?"
"I can definitely do a Coffee crawl along Roncesvalles and get perky from drinking coffees from all these coffee shops....

Roncy's Bean was not as busy as the Alternative Ground just south of it so I decided to order a Americano ($1.90) to stay. Price is decent when I just paid the same for a drip coffee just up the road at Starbucks. Barista is friendly, asked me to have a seat and deliver the coffee to my table.

There is also a little fireplace with armchairs at the back of the shop, great to chill out with friends and maybe my friend can watch the sport channel while I daydream?!"
"Busy Busy Walmart! 

I definitely avoid coming here on weekends when the parking lot is crazily busy!! 

Since Markville is one of the biggest Shopping Centre in Markham and this Walmart is the only one in the area, everyone comes out here to do their shopping.

The line up at the cash can be super long too... even with over 15 cashier slots at any given time only a handful would be open...."
"Macaron..... Marcaron.......Macaron....,.at Butter Avenue

I got 6 of those of different flavours for $13.50... Even before I know, my Yelp Drinking Buddy just pop one of that in his mouth and swallow that!!! Didn't he knows that it just cost me over $2++!!! Now I have to teach him how to enjoy and savour these work of art!

My favourite is Matcha... just like a big explosion of matcha flavour... crunchy outer cell and just a hint of sweetness but hey Matcha is good for me?! Can I have 10 of those?

Terre et Neige (green tea mousse, semi-sweet brownie, soft chocolate biscuit & light crémeux) with taxes come out to be $8!!!! Good but I could not expect anything less at that price point! 

The staffs are wonderful... cheerful and friendly... All I kept saying the whole night was Matcha, I think I am on sugar high.....

Thanks Joe H for organizing the UYE.... 

Matcha Rules!!!"
"3.5 Star

I love noodles and especially Freshly Hand Pulled Noodle made to order, so this review will be bias.

A steamy bowl of tasty noodle soup will make me a happy camper especially after a beer or two.. a perfect drunk food. 

This is also one of the first time I have to say I love Food Court ""Fast' food! 

Spicy Beef Shank Noodle ($8.50) was really good but a little pricey and smaller in portion compares to Chinatown location. 

A good option if you are in the area and have cravings for Chinese food."
"There are 2 main airlines if you want to fly from YYZ to Reykjavik, Iceland: WOW and Icelandair.

Icelandair was at least $150 more VS WOW which is a charter airline. I was willing to pay the extra instead of being nickel and dime by WOW. WOW's basic fare does not includes carry-on, check-in luggage and assigned seats.

Flying from YYZ to Iceland was uneventful but the return flight was not a pleasant experience.

Seems like Icelandair have all their flights leaving KEF to North America within that 15 minute time frame. It was chaos at the gates and the small boarding area. There were so many people and no one has any idea which flights people were lining up for! 

To add to the injury, they don't even have a system of boarding according to section/rows. When the transit bus arrived, everyone was just hopped on. The plane has the front and the back entrances opened so people just tried to get on which ever was closest. Now you have people that were suppose to be at the front of the plane got on through the back and vice versa. A few of them almost got into fist fight because they just trying to get to their seats.

And of course all their flights were late for departure........

I am not sure if I would go through such a stressed experience again. And I am not that lucky to travel to Iceland that often anyway."
"Unionville Co Restaurant has one of the best, or even the best beer selection in the area!  

Close to 15 beers on draft which includes a mixture of local and imports, sorry no Budweiser or Coors Light. There are also an impressive list of bottles from local breweries if one doesn't like any of the beers on draft.

Aside from the beer, everything else was kind of odd and disappointing.

The nice looking photos on their websites showing a chic and classy interior were a little deceiving. In reality it was kind of run down and in need of a renovation. I ended up sitting in the patio instead and enjoyed a light cooling breeze and drinking True North Wunder Weisse ($ 5.75).

The food was another disappointment. The portion size is quite small, like a half portion  of Pollo spaghetti (roast chicken, sundried tomato, peppers, tomato cream) for $18.99. My order of Steak Taco ($11) was this 2 little pieces that I can finished in 2 bites. The food though taste A-ok but really doesn't worth what I am paying for. Or maybe I am just paying for the privileges of eating in Old Unionville?

I will come back for a drink and chill on the patio, but I might just pass on the food."
"Everything is just so slow at this Eggsmart's location.

Cubano Ciabatta - Provolone, Peameal Bacon, Sliced Ham, Pickle, Tomato & Lettuce with Dijon Bistro Sauce served on a Ciabatta Bun
- the better of our brunch.. 

Eggs Benedict with Peameal Bacon
- Fail both in taste and presentation. Hollandiaise sauce just crumby with the egg yolks overcooked and tasteless.. the eggs just look pathetic.

Both sounded delicious. Our food took a long time to arrive.. I definitely suggest not to come here for lunch if you are in a rush. Wait and kitchen staffs both got overwhelmed."
"Yogi Noodle Delight (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/yogi-noodle-scarborough) opens up another location up in Richmond Hill.

The menu are identical for both restaurants. The only difference is the decoration. This location is bigger and newer... much much bigger...

Food wise is standard Hong Kong Styled Cafe Fast Food... cheap and affordable and you will not leave hungry....

Dried Oyster, Vegetable & Lean Pork Congee/Chow Mein in Soya Sauce ($5.99)
- Big Big bowl of Congee, taste pretty good but hardly have any pork
- Chow Mein though really small in portion but go well with the congee

Korean Spicy Fatty Beef Noodle in Soup with drink ($5.99)
- a few piece of kimchi on top... the noodle surprising are instant noodle taste and look alike?
- Fatty Beef not too fatty but are quite tender
- Milk Tea is strong and smooth and have great aroma

Services here are fast and friendly. But you will have to listen to waitresses chatting and gossiping to each other on top of their voices... doesn't it feels like home?

Cash only!"
"Oja Noodles House  might not be the best choice for Japanese and Korean food or even for noodle but on a weekday late night there are not too many choices around the area.

The waitress that greet us was friendly and cheerful even it was almost closing time. Our group of 7 took a little while to decide on what to order and our request of separate bills was satisfied without hesitation! +0.5 star

I tried the Kalbitang ($12.99) and Jjampong ($9.99) which was not the best but I was kind of hungry so having food in my stomach was really comforting. 

The lighting is great: dim and just enough to see my food... I feel good to come here after a few drinks at the Elite event... dark and soothing..................."
"Bubble Tea or Frozen Yogurt?

You can get both at this location inside Vaughan Mills' food court area.

Matcha Mochi Yogurt but where were the mochi? Apparently they forgot to put that in. Luckily we were still in the food court area, so they gave us a little plastic cup of mochi to add on top.

Now I do understand the low rating of this place. 

Yogurt was quite standard and lack the matcha taste. My friend seemed to enjoying that since he is not a matcha lover."
"The Pool!!! Salted Water Pool with water slide!!

A really resort/waterpark feel to the indoor pool. Different sections for just dipping your feet, swimming or even diving at the 10 feet deep end!

A Mini Golf area, Ping Pong Table...

A full service spa...

A Rooftop Japanese Restaurant.. Sagano

Front Desk Staffs are friendly and all smile.

Free WIFI access with unsecured log in

If only, they would have complimentary parking for overnight guests. I still don't understand why hotels charging for parking in the burbs...."
"My Yelp Friend dragging me around looking for some cheap and tasty Chinese food in the area which is not as easy as one expected with all these Chinese restaurants.

Yummy Yummy Dumpling is definitely quite yummy.

Deco is simple and down to earth with a family vibe.

We ordered:

Shredded Potato Salad ($1.99)

Beef Stuffed Pancakes ($6.99) 
- Love all the meat juice inside the pancake and it is well seasoned! Just be caution when eating, if not you will splashed all the juice on yourself and dinner mate!

Steamed Pork and Chives Dumplings ($5.50)
- nicely done and delicious

Yummy Yummy Dumpling is definitely a solid dumpling place if you want to have some decent food in the area."
"Should I feel a little awkward? I walked into this newest bubble tea place for a cool drink and some chill time.. and I came face to face with a crying baby.

Th only sectional sofa in the shop was transferred to a baby pen by the owner and friends. 

If the drink tasted at least decent, I won't be complaining. But their Taro Milk tea with taro ($4.99+$0.50) was just pathetic and that's the cheapest item on the menu. And made Chatime pricing feels like a bargain.

Free popcorn was meh...

Not a relaxing atmosphere listening to baby whining and ladies gossiping... The last draw was when they started trimming baby's nails in front of me!! 

Not ever coming back.... There are so many other choice in the area."
"Da Hal Yee does have a homey feel. I can imagine that's what my Yelp friend expect me to prepare for him when he is under the weather. . A bowl of congee!

Pork Liver Congee ($4) was surprisingly cooked perfectly just enough so it has the perfect texture!

Plain Rice Noodle Roll ($2.50) has a rustic homey look too. Here the rice paste is grinded in house, a lot more effort? a lot of love? Just beware plain means loaded with green onions.

Located inside a food court,  the price includes HST."
"2.5 star

Holiday Inn Hotel Pittsburgh North is not a bad hotel if you just want somewhere that has free parking, free wifi and a place to sleep....

Aside from that, I don't think I would suggest staying here.

The gentleman at the front that check me in though is really nice... but the hotel's common area desperately need some renovation. One of the elevators were not even working during our stay....

The room though is decent, clean and have been recently refurbished. 

If the price is right, I don't mind staying here again, only if the price is right!"
"I have to admit I am into cute things...

I love Starbucks in a little town setting...  Starbucks in the Town of Kleinsburg looks like a little cottage... they still keep the old wood plank floor... which can pose a challenge as the tables and chairs get all wobbly on uneven services... 

Tons of electric outlets in the back room.. and WIFI incredible fast as I am the only one using the connections now.

Music can get a little loud.. as the room is really small.

BTW love the beams on the ceilings which are the original structure of this old house converted Starbucks!!"
"If you follows Chinese Entertainment news or all these gossips, you will enjoy reading 701 Magazine.

Think Chinese version of OK! Star, National Enquirer...

Full of colourful photos and the hottest gossips.. for $1.50.

Publishes weekly on Sunday."
"A bunny?? I got a bunny as latte art today at Baristar. 

Baristar is an espresso bar in the same strip mall plaza as Sariwon. Not surprising this place is kind of Asian, kind of cute, kind of girly... but in a good way. 

Everything is organized, nice and clean and most of the furnishing has this Ikea feel... 

Organic Coffee and Tea are on sale here, For drinks, the usual espresso bar offerings, cappuccino, espresso, Macchiato,.. There are also smoothies and other cold tropical drinks. 

Cappuccino($3.61) was A-OK. CUTE! Korean barista making my cute bunny latte art drink.... for some that might worth at least extra 0.5 star. But my 0.5 star is for the Free Wifi, the jazzy blue music and the nice and comfy sofa! 

Another 0.5 star is for the hours of Operation for Baristar: Monday to Saturday till 11:00 PM and Sundays/Holidays till 10:00 PM! 

Can I have a teddy bear latte art next time??!"
"Chez ma grosse truie cherie was not really on my list of must try Montreal's restaurants. I ended up here because with a group on 5, it was not easy to get a reservation on a busy Saturday night. This restaurant seems to catered to large groups with communal tables and family style menu, which seems to be well suited our party of five.

Service was attentive and excellent. I wish the food can match the service. 

We shared: 

Oysters ($15) - Apple ice cider vinegar from Vergers de la Colline
- Not bad, I had better oysters..

Chef Choice Seared Foie Gras ($23)
- The best part of the meal... I would just come back to have that
- Love how the sourness of the fresh grapes compliment the fattiness of the foie gras
- No sharing! All mine!

The Whole Hog ($32/pp) - Baby back ribs, smoked grilled pork chop, braised shanks, braising juices and parmesan cheese French fries 
- The platter looked amazing for photos but most of the meat tasted bland and dry
- The only thing I enjoyed was the shank which was tender and moist
- I did enjoy the roasted vegetables... 

The only saving grace might be some local beers in bottles... Dieu du Ciel did make the dining experience a little more enjoyable.

Sadly I doubt I will be coming back again really soon...... unless I can have that foie gras all for myself!"
"Nostalgia Coffee Company is such a cute cozy cafe. 

While driving around looking for coffee in the neighbourhood, I drove by Nostalgia and I would not even believe my eyes. An independent Coffee/Espresso Cafe in this area... It is definitely a rare find...

Family owned and run with in house baked savoury pies and pastries. And of course espresso drinks! 

My Americano ($1.90) though a little light for my taste. 

I do love the set up of the space. A lot of nostalgic mix and match furniture and Free Wifi!

Good neighbourhood cafe to come to meet up with friends or just chill a little. 

Meter parking at the front $1.50/hour"
"I love Izakaya! I love Japanese food! I love having a drink and hanging out with friends! I love nice dark atmosphere! 

I am glad that Izakaya Tsuki opened up at North York.. the previous restaurant Ehwa has sub-par food and services.. and Now Izakaya Tsui has excellent food and services. 

Tako Wasabi ($ 3.99) 
- presented nicely in a martini glass.. looking closely the raw octopus does look like something straight out from Fear Factor... 
- but of course it tasted 100% much better than it looks.. nice chewy fresh with a hint of wasabi 

Black Cod Yuan Yaki ($ 9.99) 
- I love Cod Fish! Yuan Yaki is style of cooking with fish first marinated with yuzu and soy sauce then grilled 
- great to enjoy some sake with! 

Hamachi Wara ($10.99) 
- Hamachi lightly cooked supposed to eat with a pinch of salt, fresh onion and garlic and wasabi 
- hmmm My friend's eyes just lit up just tasting that! I know that it is good stuff!! 

Services here is wonderful and attentive. And the atmosphere is great for a date or to hang out a bit before or after dinner... Prices are on the more expensive side.. but for the quality of food it is well worth the money!"
"Yogaspace has the BEST restorative yoga class in the whole GTA, at least from my experience with the yoga studios I visited in the area.

I am so excited that Yogaspace opens up another location up in Thornhill, so I no longer to go all the way down to Ossington location to indulge myself in one of their delicious classes.

This location used to be Yoga Tree, one of my favourite studio but since they moved out and going to open up a flagship studio in Vaughan, Yogaspace took over their old location. A complete new studio as a complete renovation and upgrade have been done. 

The change room had been relocated and everything are sparkling new. The practice room still as the old floor plan but the practice room has no mirror now, which I do prefer as I like feeling my postures.

Free classes till end of March as Grand Opening Special and After that $30 for 30 days. 

I just love their schedule as there are quite a few restorative classes offers in a week and the variety of classes are quite diverse and interesting. 

I can't wait to go to another restorative class here with the teacher giving me adjustment for every posture that help deepens my practice and have her tuck me in with all the blankets.... 

Bliss..."
"Since there are not too many authentic Mexican food in Vaughan, Ay Caramba, Eh might be the best choice if you don't want to venture down to Downtown Toronto.

Love the deco! Fun and playful! Those Wrestler masks really put a smile on my face!

Menu is simple but has all the Mexican's favourite: tacos, tortas and burritos. I ended up ordering the Any 3 Tacos for $11.99 as I really want a fish one!

Fish Haddock
Beef Brisket
Tierra Picante

The Mushroom taco was surprisingly tasty! I love their fresh made in house soft shells, so soft and with a good bite!

The portion size though a little small for a full meal. Luckily there was a basket of complimentary tortilla chips. +0.5 star

Make sure to check out their fridge for some unique imported Mexican beverages! They even have Mexican beers to go with your meals too.

Staff is super friendly and helpful +0.5 Star."
"Knife Shaved or Hand Pulled? What's the verdict? 

Is it Ramen or Lamian?

For The Bowl Noodle Bar, I personally prefer the Knife Shaved. I just like the chewiness texture and how the noodle was cooked to perfect al dente. 

Spicy Beef Brisket Knife Shaved Noodle 牛腩刀削麵 VS Traditional Lan Zhou Ramen 蘭州拉面

Noodles where both A-OK. But I was more interested in their snacks. Teppan Tofu ($1.50) was spicy and memorable. I would order that again! Shredded Squid ($1.99) was really tender.

To order off tablets was quite easy but there was still some confusion when food I did not order start appearing at our table.

I will be back for some Presotea next time too!"
"I don't like taking Scarborough RT, but it is the closest station for me if I want to travel on the Bloor subway line. 

I don't know if there is officially any parking lot designated for TTC commuters but most of the people just park at the Mall parking. I always have problem finding parking here as it is really busy and ended up I would park so far and just getting to the station itself is like a 10 minute + walk. Scarborough Town Centre is open at 10 AM so you able to park after that... btw, they do lock the gates at night!

There are 2 choices of getting to the station from the parking area, either through Scarborough Town Centre which I would suggest you go that route. The other one is walking down this roadway where the buses going through and it can be really really dark at night."
"I have been back to Ocean Seafood Restaurant a few more times since my last review..

lunch, afternoon tea and dinner

Though the price here is cheap, the quality matches that too.

My last dinner experience was just horrible. Both the dishes were beyond bad! The fish fillet has this thick soggy batter and the snow pea shoots was old and rough.

Meh... not going to be back for awhile....."
"Stein Burger & Koop is a good neighbourhood pub and eatery. 

Wednesday $9.99 Pint and Stein Burger sounds like my kind of place!

There are quite a few different kind of burgers to choose from and on Tuesdays they are all going for half price! 

Prepare to wait a little as service can be quite slow even when the place was not busy during my visit. 

There are though a few TVs if you here to catch a game or 2. 

The interior though feel dark and dated.

Stein Burger ($7.99) with fries is quite a good deal even when I paid the full price!"
"Lunch Special at Kub Khao Thai Eatery. 

So good for me to go back to back 2 days in a roll!! Seriously starting at $6.95 with 12 different items to choose from, I can eat there every day! I love how I can have a late lunch as it is serves till 4 pm.

When I walked in, Kub Khao the first time, I have a feeling that I am coming home. As it has the familiar setting as Jatujak from the deco to the menu and their late lunch. (Disclaimer: Jatujak both locations are my favourite Thai restaurants in Scarborough.) And after my first visit, I found out that it is a spinoff from Jatujak. No wonder....

Grilled Pork Sticky Rice ($7.95) kind of serves like pork skewers. The pork was cooked perfectly with the meat still moist. I just find it a tad on the sweet side. Reminded me of Filipino style of seasoning.

Pineapple Curry Chicken ($7.95) extra spicy. Portion is just so generous. The curry was creamy and rich. Tons of sliced white meat and chunks of pineapple. If you like spicy, ask for extra extra Thai Spicy. The napa cabbage soup and spring roll did taste like an afterthought. I would opt for the side salad next time.

My goal is to try all the items on the lunch menu. And I guess I will be back! 

BTW, since most of the items are made when order, so give yourself plenty of time especially if you have a short lunch break. Or you can call ahead and place your order and show up and eat."
"Pastel Creperie & Dessert House is a clean, bright and upbeat dessert place. 

Red Bean and Sponge Cake Crepes with Green Tea Ice cream with $1 for a cup of coffee
 
I love Crepes.. but Pastel Creperie's Crepes is more like Crepes with an Asian twist.. Fusion Crepes?? I just don't understand why there is whipped cream everywhere.. the one on the side I can just push it away but the whole crepe is filled with whipped cream.. 

Aside from the whipped cream.. the red beans and the green tea ice cream tasted A-OK! I was so stuffed after consuming all the whipped cream and 2 huge scoop of ice cream!!

Wish the coffee has refills... really need more coffee to wash down the dessert.

The services here was polite and attentive. Nice Korean waitress with nice smiles...

Pastel Creperie is a nice little dessert place to take your date here for a nice dessert and a coffee."
"Happy Hour! Monday-Friday 3 pm - 6 pm!

A choice of $5 app for sharing and goes well with their beer. $5-$6 for a pint of beer?!

We shared:

Shanghai Chicken Dumpling ($5)
Jalapeno Chili and Chips ($5)
Steak Tacos Al Carbon ($5)

I know those might not prepared from scratch, locally sourced but at that price? I thought I am eating at my usual Hong Kong Style Cafe afternoon tea special menu!

Love the relaxing vibe at the bar area.

I will be back! And I know Sami will be back too!"
"This is my first ever Drive-In movie experience and I had a lot of fun! 

Tuesday double header for $8 is a steal if you do want to watch 2 movies back to back. For long weekender, they are showing Triple headers, that would certainly be a long night. 

I prefer staying inside the car since even after I sprayed myself with mosquito repellent, I still got a bite or 2. 

And the best, you can bring your dogs with you and enjoy the experience together!"
"Wandering around Eaton Centre looking for dessert/sweet after lunch... And I saw all these colourful and pretty macaron and I just couldn't resist!!

La Maison du Macaron!

At first I was just planning to get ONE.. But I just could not just pick one... and getting 6 is always a better deal at $9 with no taxes.

The friendly staff just patiently waiting for me to make up my mind while explaining to me what flavours those babies were!

Fraise & basilic 
Caramel fleur de sel
Café
Paillete Feulletine  (Hazelnut and Milk Chocolate!)
Bleuet
Amande & disaronno

This is a definitely a convenient location if you are in the downtown area and don't have a the time to make a trip to their Mont Royal location!

Now there is no excuse for me not indulge myself with these awesome marcons every time I visit Montreal!"
"Bar Crawl #3: Bellwood Wizard Wolf Session Ale & Tequiia Shot

Two Bite Saloon was selected as the third stop not because of the drink selection but of the food. The beer list though not too bad but unfortunately there was some issue with the draft lines so just bottles available.

I ended up trying: 

Hush Puppies  ($7) Savory Cornbread Balls Filled with Diced Taso Ham
Southern Fried Wings ($14) - Super crispy batter and moist inside, though not much flavour without dipping them into the hot and bbq sauce on the side
3 Sliders ($10) - I think I ended up eating  the beef one? not too memorable 

I ended up drinking:

Bellwood Wizard Wolf Session Ale 500 ml ($11) was A-OK for sharing and thanks Evelyn for the shots..

There was surprisingly limited selection of bourbon: there was only 1 that evening..

Two Bite Saloon is a decent place to grab a bite but really if you are into crafted beer."
"A bunch of us wanted to have a quick drink after having brunch at Paramount. Using me as a Yelp App (walking distance and none of us been here before), Britannia Pub & Grill seems to be the best choice.

It is so dark and quiet here...I couldn't help but start whispering...of course we ended up being the rowdiest bunch when we start drinking...

The beer on tap is half decent with some Imports (Killnery, Guinness, Hoogarden) and some locals..

Services here is excellent as the waitress asked if we want separate bills without us requesting.

Britannia is an A-OK Neighbourhood Pub. Nothing too fancy but a good enough place to have a drink and hang out with friends!"
"I did not read Yelp reviews for Glow Fresh Grill before going in to the restaurant for lunch... so I don't really know what to expect. But my experience was A-OK! 

Empty restaurant for a weekday late lunch. Service of course has to be fast and efficient!! There were like 5 staffs+ and me alone. 

The deco is quite nice and chic. Love the outside patio... would be a nice place for some drinks and hang out with friends on those loungers! For the washrooms, you can take an elevator downstairs. At the lower level, there is this private dinning room for at least 20 people that you can have private party arranged.. the room is nicely decorated and cozy too. 

The complimentary starter bread with raisins comes with 3 dips.. love the pumpkin, hummus and artichoke were so-so 

OK for the food... yes I am starting my Decemburger with a Mediterranean Burger ($14) here. No that photo I took was my burger but bunless... Taste wise I find it A-OK, nicely cooked to medium well and the beef is Angus grounded and really lightly seasoned and with feta cheese on the side. But the sides..those greek potato were cold, however I love the spinach underneath the meat patty. 

I don't mind Glow Fresh Grill more healthy concept in their menu... but it will be something to get use to if one used to having a lot of carbs, creamy sauces and tons of salt in everything."
"I just could not resist..... 

That smell of butter.. carbs..and sweet when I stepped inside Heloo Goolub... the whole store full of Persian and European pastries 
... 
While I closed my eyes enjoying the sweetness of baked goods.. I am glad that it is calories free to enjoy the smell.. 

Until 

My Yelp Friend asking the friendly staff to put every single one of those pastries in the box... and damn that's not for me.. but for some other people.... Maybe he care.. he care too much..those sweets are just so high in calories and the sweetness is not good for my health.. and I am not getting slimmer from all these yelp related eating.......

However, I just grab that box after it was weighed and even before he paid for it.. and started chowing down.. they just looked too deliciously to pass........."
"3.5 Star

One Ten Cafe,  a quiet oasis from the hustle and bustle Yonge and Finch area.  

If you want to have some quiet moments just sipping your drink while listening to some Canton pop, this might be a cafe for you. The decor here is Asian to their cutest. (But I am into bunnies fluffy toys so no judgement here)

Japanese Kyoho 巨峰葡萄 Milk Tea with Salty Cream Cheese ($ 5.30) This is probably the most unique drink on their menu. Salty cream cheese top is an acquired taste but One Ten Cafe's version is probably one of the best in Toronto. Way creamier than any other I had tried. Kyoho grapes 巨峰葡萄 is one of the sweetest grapes I had while in Japan which is the only cafe here that offers this flavour.  The drink is a little sour, a little sweet and a little savory.

Looking forward to another visit to One Ten Cafe when I am back in the neighbourhood. The drinks might be on a pricier side, but there are also daily specials available that I will be checking out."
"I almost think I am at an UYE during my visit at Volo on a Saturday evening!!

Patio.......nice Patio overlooking Yonge Street..... I ran in and grab a seat with a nice view and then I realized I know those yelpers sitting at the table right next to me... ""Hi there!""

Good Selections of Beers on draft with their distance from Volo noted on the chalkboard. I love choices and I hate choices... I just randomly picked something by the number.......

My Yelp Drinking Buddy finally waltzing in, taking his sweet time.... after placing his drinks...(I am sure he too just pick something that sounded good by random) another Yelper walked........... 

Now I believe Volo's Patio is the spot to be hang and to be seen by Yelp community!

Food looks and smells deliciously, but it seemed like it took forever to arrive........ thanks again for Eric M and Mike S for letting me taking photos of their food.......... now if I can have a taste of them it would have been awesome!! :P"
"Hand Pulled Noodle at Super Taste is not super or tasty enough for a special visit especially with so many similar noodle places opening up in Scarborough.

Arriving for a late lunch at 3:15 pm might not be the best idea as the kitchen was having a late lunch just like me. After I placed my order, it took more than 10 minutes before kitchen staff ready to make my noodle. I don't mind the wait but I personally think if you open through the day, it might be better for business and customer service if staff takes turn to have breaks.

Open Kitchen might not be a good idea if a business not having a really clean and hygienic kitchen. I tried not to watch and stare while they preparing my food as less I know the better it is. 

The food tasted not bad. Noodle was cooked al dente. 

I don't think I will be back unless I am shopping at Briddlewood Mall. But why would anyone shop there?"
"I had been coming to this The Keg's location for years. Always have good services and always have a good meal, steak cooked to my liking!

The interior definitely look and feel dated, in need of an upgrade!

Complimentary dessert for special occasions is a nice touch.

I usually dine in after 9 pm so never really have to wait for a table."
"I have yet own a Keurig, Tassimo or any other single serve brewing system but after visiting Personal Service Coffee, I might be in the market for one.

Mind you, I love playing with gadgets and like varieties! One of the reasons that stopped me from getting one of those machines is most grocery stores sells pods in packages. I don't really want to buy 6-12 packs of those and tried it then stuck with it if I hated it. 

Here at Personal Service Coffee I can do mix and match and can try out all these different brands and flavours!! 

Even if you are not into single brews, PSC carries coffee beans from Jumping Beans,  Reunion Island and tea from The Tea Emporium (Gyokuro). 

A fun place to browse around and the owner is super friendly. 

They also carries Keurig machines, teapots and other accessories. 

Enroll in Loyalty program for free for extra discount!!"
"When hungry attacks and you need a late night snack, Irish Embassy Pub is not a bad choice in the area.

All my Yelp Friend wanted was some meat before he would faint, the Late Night Menu does have a Grilled Ontario 8oz Sirloin Burger ($17). A little more than he expected to pay but in the area at night, you have to do what you have to do!

How's the burger? I guess it was good as he did not even offer to give me a bite after I took the photos. He ate that in 5 minute.....

Beers Selection has the usual big name Imported: Guinness, Harp, Smithwicks And for local: Steam Whistler and Hogtown. And surprisingly GooseIsland Hanker Ale always available on Tap.

Whiskeys and Single Malt Scotch Selection is way better than beers... So I would make a note to have one of those next time when I visit.

Service is efficient and the waitress dropped by a few time to check on us making sure we were happy and asked if we needed a refill.

Close to King Subway Station, perfect for a night cap before heading home!"
"What a Bagel's Bagel is A-OK.. better than Tim Horton. 

There are 2 areas, one is set up like a bakery with cookies, bread, bagels and made to order sandwiches to go. The other area is more like a sit down restaurant serving light sandwiches for lunches and breakfasts. 

The Breakfast Bagel ($6.99) with home fries was quite good.. bagel toasted crispy on the outside and soft and chewy inside. 

Coffee ($1.99) was not fresh... doesn't matter how many cream I add in, it is still bittery dark... hmmmmm 

The decoration is quite comfortable and overlooking the parking lot... 

But why that 1 star?? 

The waitress is one of the rudest one I have... after I asked for my bill.. I just want to finish my coffee.. and then she trying to make me leave so a group of 5 ladies can use my single table while half of the tables in the restaurant is empty.. 

I asked are you trying to kick me out.. she told me yes... WTF is this?"
"I ended up ordering Chicken at Chico's Rotisserie Chicken and it was not on weekend so there's no special items really available.

Whole Chicken Combo with 2 small sides (Rice and Peruvian Salad) - $22.50
- Chicken was a little dry but quite good, I love the sauce on the side which give the chicken extra flavour
- Portion is small though... if you are a big eater, you probably can eat the whole chicken combo all by yourself! (I can eat that whole chicken myself....shhh...)
- The rice was well flavoured and the salad was fresh!

Service is friendly and excellent. After we ordered our food, it was served to us on real plate and utensils. The only complain maybe the tables upstairs were really filthy, they really need to be wiped down."
"This review for Amaya the Indian Room is based on my Winterlicious 2011 experience.

The Winterlicious lunch ($15) was really good. The service was excellent... just ask my friend who thinks the waiter is nice and nice looking at the same time!

We ended up order different things from the menu so we can tried out different items

Swiss Chard Pakoras 
- Wish it has more chili.. but really tasty and not oily at all...
 
Malai Chicken Tikka 
- taste bland, not enough spice and marinate
- chicken a little dry, but since it is white meat so I am not surprised

Butter Chicken
- Just tasted off.... it tasted kind of sweet
- the dish itself is not hot(spice wise) or hot (temperature wise)
- more like a fusion dish? and it is really small....

Yogi Vegetable Curry
- Mixed vegetables in garlic curry
- This is really well done.. with zucchini, cauliflower, green pepper and eggplant.. 
- Have a nice kick of spiciness and a lot of flavour

Carrot Toffee Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream
- My friend ordered that but she would not eat it.. saying that the Pudding have strange texture and taste.
- I found it tasted ok.. maybe I just like ice cream in general :)

Chocolate Brownie with Cardamon Scented Rum Sauce
- Chocolate brownie as long as it is chocolaty, I always a fan..
- The Rum sauce has just a little hint of alcohol.. You can barely tasted it...

After having this Winterlicious experience,
- I would recommend Amaya the Indian Room if you want to have a romantic date. The service here is attentive, deco is nice and lighting dim. 
- not recommend if you want to try authentic Indian food, all the spices are toned down and it is really Indian food with a fusion touch

BTW, Amaya is on the pricey side.. I cannot imagine I would pay $17 for even a full order of that  Butter Chicken!"
"Almost Perfect is Always Perfect for someone on a budget or looking for a deal especially on frozen and package food.

Aside from frozen food..they also have discounted chips, snacks, BBQ sauces, Spices, candies, chocolate...

Some of them has a short expiry date..but some are good for another year as they are probably overstocked items. So double check the expiry date!

One lone cashier...and a line up... especially  busy on a weekday afternoon!!"
"Eveything tastes better when deep fried?!

Double Rice Balls with Tomato Sauce ($7.95) and Panzerotti ($8) with Tomato Sauce ($1)

Deep Fried goodness with cheese and sauce... Carb attack.

Those are the 2 things I highly recommend getting at Ricci's.

Enjoy and don't think about calories and fat content. You won't regret that!"
"Enjoying Gelato on the patio in a nice hot summer night, that alone worth that extra 1 star for my Yelp reviewing rating for The Mad Italian Gelato Bar

Yes it is a Bar... as here they serves beers, wine and liquors too!!

Great choices of Gelato flavours and staffs were friendly and helpful while I sampled a few of the offerings before my decisions!

$3.75 for a small with 2 flavours which I settled on my usual Pistachio and Dark Chocolate since Moosehead Lager was unavailable this evening.

Soft and rich and full of wholesome flavours! 

Gelato, Summer, Patio! The Mad Italian Gelato Bar is a Winner!"
"A nice Starbucks with a big parking lot and a drive thru. Right at the corner of Midland and Ellesmere does make this a pain during rush hour trying to go North on Midland and you cannot really turn East into Ellesmere.

They missed my order as the order slip was jammed in the printer? Good that I check with the staff after people ordered after me all got their drinks. The barista though was nice enough to upsized my latte.

The interior is quite small. If you ended up visiting when there's a large group talking at the top of their voice, it could be quite annoying."
"2.5 star (Valentine Day's Score!)

I know Cupcake Lane's cupcakes should taste much better... but when the kitchen trying to bake trays and trays of cupcakes for all those romantic valentines... it really affect the finish products.

My Chocolate Sprinkle cupcake though beautifully decorated with hearts are surprising soggy..though it is not the worst cupcakes I have.. (the supermarket ones I ate can be so overly sweet).. I am not impressed!

I might give Cupcake Lane's cupcake another try on a normal business day...

BTW, they are closed on Mondays!"
"Back again today for some more Egg Rolls!

I would have stayed with my usual Sesame or Original but my friends wanted to try something different. Ended up getting Ginger, Cayenne Pepper and Seaweed.

Opened up and eat that in the food court already and totally disappointed! 

Not Crispy! Not Flaky! 

I took one of them back and they replaced with a ""fresh"" one which was the same....

$6 for that little bag...Sorry, I do have high expectation! I doubt I would get more egg rolls from here.....

Ginger Tea though is really good! Super gingery and made me almost choked!"
"My small Jerk Chicken ($5.50) was jammed full... 

- Chicken leg chopped up in pieces... (nice and moist and tender!)
- Pea with Rice (a little cold though.. but it is fast food!)
- Veggie medley (cabbage, broccoli and carrot, I need my veggie)
- Oxtail Sauce, Hot Sauce... (lady kept asking me if I want all these sauce)
- Big Smile and Thank You from the server

Good tasting and satisfying! 

The Large for $1 seems like a better deal... double the size..but definitely something to share!"
"I like the cheesy decoration of Mountain Bean Coffee Co. OK I don't dream about going to Ski Chalet or hanging out with the Special someone in front of a glowing fireplace... But the deco here does give it a nice and cozy feeling... :P

Free Wifi! Hey yes!! 

I have to request mugs for staying in, if not the (friendly and laid back) staffs will just makes all the drinks in paper cups.. Why do I have to drink from paper cups in a Chalet? 

The cappuccino is A-OK! Good place to let your sport loving friends to chill..so people just happy to watch any sport games whenever they can :P"
"Yoffee Coffee is a nice family owned cafe.

Cabbage Roll? Roasted Stuffed Peppers? Croissants? Cupcakes? Rum Balls? Cookies? Even Pizza!!

Talking about varieties! 

Serving breakfast, lunch and dinner. 

Here you can relax with a cup of your favourite espresso drinks or even a smoothies.

Free WIFI access, just ask for password. However, there are no electrical outlets readily available. 

Or you can forget your Ipad.. and just chill out with your friends!

There are a freezer with all the pre baked dough at the back if you want to baked at home.. Just put them in the oven!

10/15"
"Disclaimer: I won 2 complimentary tickets from Yelp Toronto Giveaway. So we ended up just paying for the food.

Love the set up and location of Taste of Toronto. This is the first time I ever been to Fort York. Getting there was easy as Streetcar 509 get me right to the entrance. The ground is spacious and I like the white tent like set up giving it an English Garden gallery vibe.

I was expecting the worse since I attended the Saturday Evening Session but was pleasantly surprised that the event was well organized and it was not too crowded. Maximum wait for me was less than 10 minutes for anything.

Most of the restaurant vendors did have good time management and kudos for all the kitchen staff working so hard keeping us all fed and wait time to the minimum. We ended up trying Little Sister's Pork Belly ($8), Morimoto Toronto's Uni Carbonara with a bottle of S.Pellegrino ($8) and THR's Lobster Grits ($10). Each dish was well presented with good flavours. There are also a lot of free sampling and tasting in various food vendors, For wine tasting, they are going for $1 each or so.

Love the different demo. Getting into Master Cooking Classes were impossible with the limited first come first serve openings but watching the cooking class was just as fun. 

American Express Lounge was a nice touch from AMEX as it has free samples and free bottle water to keep you hydrated.

I would come back next year on a nice day to spend a few hours to wander around and sample some food. The longest line being Richmond Station and Drake. I would suggest to skip those as it really was no point spending your time lining up for food."
"Talking about customer services!! This LCBO has great staffs which are helpful and patient. 

Patiently explaining to a couple what's the difference between the wines... and how many grapes used to blend the bottle they were interesting in....

When I waiting in line to cash out, my cashier left the cash and went and looked for a product for the customer waiting just ahead of me and even called to check if other location carries that product....

But how about the other people that are in line?! Me?! and the people behind me?!

I would still come back to this LCBO though it is a smaller location and with limited stocks. Never know, next time it may be me that holding up the lines with Zillions of questions!"
"Me Va Me opening up in Downtown Markham is exciting! I have not yet been to any Me Va Me's location. Conveniently located in the same complex as Cineplex Markham VIP, this place can get crowded with slow service on Tuesdays and Weekends!

I do love how spacious the interior and the different seating options. The concept is like a fast food self serve: You order and pay for your food from the cashier and then it will be delivered to your table.

Lamb Burger Stick ($14.99) served on a huge plate looked colourful and healthy with a lot of vegetables and salad. Sadly just 3 small lamb sticks. Maybe it is good if you are working on your New Year Resolution to eat less meat. 

It was empty when we were there but it still took 15 minute to have the food we ordered served to us as it was made when order. I can understand why other reviewers were not happy with the wait especially when it is busy and have a movie to catch!"
"Ocean Seafood Restaurant is a good choice for Cantonese food if you are in the Hwy 7/Bayview area. 

They did a good job redecorated the previous restaurant that used to be at this location. Big windows letting sunlight in and has tons of booth seatings good for smaller group. 

Menu has great selections of popular Cantonese dishes.. all reasonable priced under $10 or you can get the lobsters, crabs which are more pricier as they are sold by the lbs. 

Honey Pepper Baby Beef Ribs ($7.50) and Stired Fried Vegetables ($6.99) both reasonably priced. Both tasted A-OK and portions were great. 

Services though a little slow...but since it just opened recently, it might improve over time hopefully?? 

Ocean Seafood Restaurant also offers Hong Kong cafe style lunch and breakfast  special sets, I might need to try that out! 

Cash Only!"
"espresso a mano is a nice cafe in the neighbourhood.

Great place to have a caffeine fix as both their Cappuccino and Americano are nicely done, from the great pour, well frothed milk and great latte art!

Deco is quite down to earth and I love the garage door that can open up during a nice summer day! 

Hard to get a seat as most of the tables are occupied by someone surfing the Internet using their compliment wifi...."
"Just walking to Linuxcaffe is a really relaxing experience..the open park area, kids screaming, dog barking at Bickford Park.

The inside is crowded and cozy...the deco remind me of Ideal Coffee down at Ossington..but at least the chairs and the tables are not ready for garage sale yet.

Really nice barista... the Matcha Latte I ordered using my Indie Coffee passport was served in one of those garage sale grandmother's mug! And when I looked at the coffee beans they have for sale, they are from Ideal Coffee too!! 

Sunday afternoon... demanding kids screaming into the Cafe demanding hot chocolate and cookies.. Linuxcaffe is the only coffee place I been to have so many kids coming in at once! In fact maybe the only one aside Red Rocket at Leslieville that kids are roaming the place!

People studying... People on WIFI...Kids going on sugar high...Me sipping Latte...

What a nice Sunday afternoon!"
"This newly opened Teavana's location is inside Markville Mall close to the Urban Eatery Express.

Due to the limit in space, this Teavana is the smallest of all the one I been to. 

Definitely get crowded even during a weekday, as customers can get sample of 4 different kind of tea!

Not too many items or display as I was trying to look at one of the sale items I saw online.

The sample tea though nice but most of them are sweetened to be way too sweet at least for my taste. 

Staff are helpful but they are just all too over whelmed."
"Brand new Crepes a GoGo opened up right at the corner of Bloor and Spadina. I am excited! 

Limited seating inside... with only 3 tables for 2, maybe some patio seating, but it wouldn't be available till spring! With no table services, this location is more like a takeout place.

2 staffs working this evening: one cooking and one taking my order.  My
Tartinade ($6.00) was ready to eat in merely a few minutes since I were the only one there....

Fresh, piping hot, soft, chewy, tasty and smell so good...........

Oh! Can I have another one?!"
"Some restaurants are great for a date, El Catrin definitely is one of those...

Huge patio and the interior decoration is just stunning. A work of art. 

We here for brunch and the portion size was more than adequate. The service was excellent and attentive.

But...

The food was a little disappointing, at least my Burrito de Meriscos ($19). The filling though sounded good: Shrimp, octopus, swordfish and lobster, salsa verde, cilantro, romaine flour tortilla wrap but it is really more like a cold seafood wrap without any seasoning. The thing is the side salad has a more intense lime vinaigrette dressing it further made the burrito disappointing.

The 2 egg dishes my friends have were much better! Omelet Machacados con Pollo ($12) and Huevos Racheros ($14) has nice flavours and served nice and hot! 

Taco Baja ($15) was not bad either.. The fish was fresh but the red coleslaw was not helping the taco much. It was forgettable...

Maybe I came with a high expectation... The only thing El Catrin wow me was the first 10 minutes when I walked in and after that the whole experience was just so so...

I would come back and enjoy El Catrin nice patio and even have a drink at the bar if I am in the area.

*Mexican Coke for $4.50 supposed to taste better since it is sweetened with Cane Sugar"
"This Starbucks is located next to my favourite yoga studio Octopus Garden. 

Definitely not too busy. There are quite a few empty tables when I walked in on a weekday evening. There are quite a few independent coffee shops around the area: The Commons, 

I walked in and the first thing of course looking for outlets!! 

There are really 2 electric outlets at the whole place. one at the back and one at the front right by the entrance. 

The people hanging out here and the staffs are all really nice and helpful."
"2.5 Star with rooms for improvement

Since it is their first week in business, I can understand there are a lot of confusion both in the front and kitchen. Hopefully they would have that sorted out in the future.

A better system of who and how to greet and seat your customers.

- I came in on a Saturday when the restaurant was half full, I was standing in the entry trying to get someone attention but I felt like all the staff just stayed at the back area and tried not to have any eye contact with me

- I do understand Midland and Finch has a high concentration of Mandarin speakers but unfortunately I am not one of them. Please kindly make sure that your customers understand and able to communicate. 

- Try to keep an eye on the dining area at all time. It was a frustrating experience trying to get attention from the servers even there were plentiful

Food Quality and Quantity

- Durian Mochi ($4.99) though small in portion but actually really good. It has a nice thin chewy wrapping and filled with durian meat

- Milk Pudding with Red Bean ($5.99) served room temperature warm. Maybe the menu should have said it is served cold or should it be hot? The red beans though is good quality, but for $6 I do expect a little more?

- Mini spoons as utensils might help to make the dessert looks like bigger in portion? I can't imagine if someone has big hands and how they can use those playhouse spoons

Soft opening special 20% off was nice touch but I cannot really justify paying full price here aside from the mochi."
"Stepping inside Pai Northern Thai Kitchen transfers me back to Northern Thailand where the food is spicy and flavoured, people is friendly and nice, and the weather is hot and hotter....

Pai Northern Thai Kitchen is a heavenly place for me.

We were luckily to arrive at around 11:30 when it opened on a weekday and right before the lunch crowd came in. Make a reservation if you have a big group, you won't regret that. For singles, there is always the bar area if you just want a quick meal.

Lunch menu is limited but includes most of my favourite items. My NYC guest wanted to try everything........ and of course being a wonderful host, I let her go crazy a little.

We ended up sharing:

Papaya Salad with Dried Shrimp ($10)
Chef Nuit's Pad Thai with Chicken ($12)
Pad Gra Prow with Egg ($12)
Mango Pandan Sticky Rice ($8)

Thai Iced Tea ($4.50) for my guest

I should not had used the word ""sharing"" as my guest just have a few mouthful of appetizer and mains and declared them too spicy for her. I was kind of happy to stuck with finishing everything! Aside from the dessert!

Dinner menu has some interesting item which I would love to try. I guess I would be coming back. Again and Again."
"Nice and homey with a small town vibe.

Michael Kelly's is an excellent breakfast/brunch diner for a quick bite in Brooklin before heading to wherever your destination.

I opted for a healthier breakfast option: 2 Poached Eggs on Rye ($3.95) and my eggs were poached perfectly over easy.

Service was friendly and my coffee was refilled without requesting.

Interior is clean but a little updating would be great!"
"2.5 star

Came back to Kinnaree Thai for dinner and the whole experience was meh.

We ordered quite a few dish to share:

Papaya Salad ($7.95) - A-OK

Spicy Roasted Duck ($11.95) - pieces of duck was diced so small

Beef Masamaan ($11.95) - beef was so tough and dry

Stir Fried Glass Noodle ($9.95) - A-OK

The main problem was most of the dish lacked the taste of spices and herbs especially fresh herbs. Not surprising when I asked for some ""fresh"" Thai Chili, the waitress bluntly said they don't use fresh chili in any of their dishes. 

What made Thai dishes unique is the complexity of taste (sweet, sour, salty and spicy) with the fresh aroma of herbs and Kinnaree Thai failed to delivered."
"Grilltime Gourmet Meat Shop is really a diamond in the rough, a little gem in this area surrounded by body shops and garages!

Grilltime carries fresh and frozen products for your grilling needs. Beef, Roast, Chicken, Seafood, Porks, Ribs and Hors D'Oeuvres and many more you can think of if you do want to have a dinner party at home.

They also have a full grilling island in the store, so if you want you can ask them to grill it for you too! BTW, you can host a private party (8 people at $75 each) in the store where a chef will grill 5 courses meal for you and your guests.

Love the collections of hot sauces here! The Blair's Beyond Death I wondering how hot it is! There are also a lot of different BBQ sauces, marinating sauces you can get to make your meat taste extra good!

The main reason I think this is a 4 star experience is that the friendly and knowledgeable  staff here that are so patient and willing to answer all my questions and make dropping in the shop a A1 experience! It is so great to talk to staff that have so much interest in what they are doing!

Though now is not BBQ season but when the time comes, Grilltime will be the to go place if I want to fire up my backyard BBQ!!"
"Fellini's Italian Eatery is a down to earth family own Italian restaurant. The chef is the owner and the cook... and the food selection is typical Italian fare with pasta and pizza. 

Lunch Specials Monday to Friday from 12:00 - 3:30 or if you rather not dine in, they have a take out 7"" inch pizza and pop take out special for $6. 

The lunch menu has a good selections includes sandwiches, salad, pasta, pizza and main... I have a hard time to decide between the Seafood Pasta ($12.95), but when I saw the description of their Meat Ravioli ($9.95) being HOME MADE.. I want IT!! 

Ravioli was cooked al dente and drowned in a tomato meat sauce. Hearty and feeling. All pasta dishes comes with 2 piece of garlic bread, which is really a half Italian bun covered in garlic butter :) 

The owner came out and chatted with me on my way out. He is really friendly and shared with me his life story how he learnt to be a cook while he really wanted to be a priest..... 

I would definitely drop by again when I am in the area... For some Home Made Lasagna or Cheese Cannelloni or even that grilled trout on their daily specials that sounded so good!"
"Fuk Wok Gee is another Northern Chinese Restaurant that opened recently in First Markham Place.

It is not a hot pot restaurant but it does specialized in stone pot fish, roasted fish, lamb spine soup that are serves in hot pot format.

The usual Northern Chinese menu as we trying to decide on what to order as nothing really jumped out as unique and interesting.

We ended up sharing:

干燒虾($9.99) Fried Shrimp
酸菜粉($6.99) Pickled Cabbage with Vermicelli Noodles
五彩拉皮儿($6.99) Glass Noodles with Mixed Veggies

All the dishes were A-OK! The portion though was huge and ended up we had to packed half of them to go.

I am eyeing that spicy stone pot fish under the Chef's recommendation, extra spicy please!"
"I love to browse around at Shops at Don Mills! And I think my dog would love the idea too!!

So neat that you can bring your little doggie inside the stores and shop with you as long as the stores does not sell any food products! I know for non dog lovers it does not sound really appealing but what the heck... as long as the dogs are well behaved!

The shops here are more upscale and it is a wonderful experience to browse and do some window shopping when the weather is nice and sunny. 

At least Shops at Don Mills is an unique experience compares to all those suburban malls that feature the same stores and selling the same goods! This is a breath of fresh air!

I can hear my dog calling me and want to spend an afternoon doggie shopping on a nice sunny day!"
"Sometimes I forgot to read my own review. I should have know not to order any noodle again at Taste of Western China. 

Sour and Spicy Noodle ($8.49) was just down right BAD! It is worse than the instant package (just add hot water version) from grocery store. The beans were stale and the taste of soup base did not have the right combination of sour and spicy aside from that layer of hot oil floating on top.

The monthly special Beef in chili oil (Reg $6.99, Special $1.99 if you like them on Wechat?) was not too good either. I would not be happy to have pay $7 for that and even at $2??

The BBQ Cabbage ($4.49) still our favourite!! Maybe I should just order one per person and nothing else?"
"3.5 star

Sometimes people come to hang out at coffeeshops for various different reasons.

For me not only because of the drinks, it is the vibe, the atmosphere and all these makes a good and enjoyable experience.

Indie Coffee Passport was welcomed with a smile and I settled for a Capuccino with double shot. The milk froth is creamy and dense, remind me of what I make at home. 

I do love the interior space as the deco is just so homey and inviting. I was lucky to be there half a hour before closing and got the whole place to myself.

Free WIFI just ask for the password but sadly cannot plug your laptop into the electric outlets. So my stay here will not be too long.

Full of Beans is a great neighbourhood coffee shop and especially they are roasting their beans in house. Great if you want to get freshly roasted beans."
"This location of Timothy's World Coffee is at the corner of Major Mackenzie and Bayview. 

A lot of the patrons here are students from high school nearby. Can be quite noisy after school hours. (study group, student doing homework...) 

Barista here is cheerful and friendly. 

Cappuccino ($2.99) 
- brew is a little weak for my preference... 
- good value for the money... since it is quite a big cup 

Free Wifi... please ask staff for password. 

I feel like I am back to high school when I sipping my coffee in this Timothy's."
"There are 2 SDM within walking distance from Finch Station. Either walk North and there is a smallish SDM with limit stock and shorter hours and hardly any line ups. Or walk South and to this 24/7 SDM with post office and even grocery but with long line ups.

I guess I was lucky, there was no one lining up at the Postal Service at the back and I was able to get in and out in 5 minute.

While browsing around, I did look at the grocery area. The fruits and vegetables looked acceptable fresh but the meat though has this funny looking dull colours. Unless is emergency, that you needs some steak at 2 am, I won't recommend getting them from here.

Hopefully SDM would open up more 24/7 locations especially around this area. Long Lines = good business!"
"This is really unusual for me to visit Kum Kang San BBQ twice before I write a review. However, I could not write a review based on their Korean BBQ, as I have tried their sushi and Korean Cold Noodles.

Sushi bento box was A-OK! I have better sushi before but for the banchans and salad and dumplings that came with it was good value!!

I saw the Cold Noodles on specials for $6.99 while I leaving the restaurant so I decided to come back to try it out!! Specials and Cold Noodles are 2 things I would not have miss or resist!!

Korean waitress was excited when I ordered the Cold Noodles.. I could not read Korean characters but I know a photo of Cold Noodles when I see one!! The noodles was really good, refreshing and chewy at the same time!

I love Summer and I love eating my Cold Noodles with ice slashes floating in my broth.................... wish summer never ends!"
"Cafe Soban may now be the place for me to hang out and chill while waiting for my date!

Black Sesame Seed Latte ($4.49)! Need I say more?!

Right at the Corner of Yonge and Finch, talking about location!

Plush comfy seatings... with tons of booth seatings overlooking Yonge or Finch, talking about scenery!

Fast, reliable WIFI and with tons of outlets. I usually hang out at Starbucks across the street but lately their wifi never works!

Not too busy but does have Kpop as background... if that's not your thing, maybe you need some ear plugs."
"3 star for having Seasonal Craft Beer on draft

1.5 star for food

I have been to King Henry's Arms numerous time and I now come to a conclusion that I would not going to eat here again. 

Love their beer selection but the food item was more a miss 80% of the time.

Just don't ever order their Yorkshire pudding dipping. It was burnt and bitter outside and not cooked inside. The waitress at first told us that 's how it suppose to be?! But after I insisted, she ended up taken it off the bill +0.5 star.

Mon-Fri half price app which is ok price as I doubt I would have paid $7.50 for the basket of onion rings or waffle fries.

I would continue to have a pint of Black Oak or Lakes of Bay or whatever local craft beers on tap as pre or post dinner drink."
"Cafe Myriade is a cute little coffee shop serving 49th Parallel Coffee.

Coming here with high expectation and was a little disappointed!

Both Americano and Cappuccino we ordered were both overly fruity to even sour.

The search of a great cup of espresso drink continues....maybe I just stuck to drinking beers!"
"They served 99 cents breakfast! OK it is only a macaroni with ham, but it is cheaper and faster than you doing it yourself!

Breakfast
- typical HK style breakfast
- serving from 8 AM
- a little more expensive than what you get from a food court but the ingredients they used are much better
- starting from 99 cents with no tea/coffee, ham and 2 eggs any style you like with toast choice for drinks $3.49

Lunch
- set lunch starting from $5.49 with choice of drink
- vietnamese and thai menu: pad thai, vietnamese beef noodle soup and other rice dishes
- portion is quite big, I cannot finished the pad thai
- busy with the office crowd in the area

Dinner
- dinner special with drinks
- set dinner for 2/4/8 people
- HK style Thai food, not too spicy, but you can make it more spicy by request

The service and the food are both ok! 

They take Mastercard and Visa Card if the bill is over $20

Same owner as Kenny's Noodles, so you see some similarities with the menu!"
"I was ready to challenge the hottest wings at All Star Wings and Ribs! 

The Armageddon which suppose to be really really hot, so hot you need to sign a waiver in order to eat that.....

And DAMN! They don't have it!!! According to reliable sources, this location had not served that for over 2 years. No, not because no one is brave enough to order it but they just don't have it in stock....

So reluctantly we settled for the A Bomb and the H Bomb and some Fries with Gravy.

How hot is H Bomb.... Accordingly to my friends, those suckers were the hottest thing they ever ate. I believed them when I saw how their faces turned all red, with tears in their eyes and sweat on their faces. But they both finished their 5 H Bomb wings!

Luckily refills on soft drinks and water are free... and they just drinking nonstop trying to lessen the heat....

Aside from the wings being spicy... they were pretty tasty, and not overcooked or dry.

Monday Wings Special 15 wings for the price of 10 is a sweet deal... oh can I say it is one Spicy deal!!!"
"Planing Mill Sports Bar & Grill opens Nov 2013 in the location where Dragon Bistro used to be.

Nothing much had changed. Maybe in a good way for the regulars. Happy Hour on Weekdays from  4~6 pm for domestic draft (Canadian, Coors Light), Wine and Bar Rail Specials. Wednesday 2 for 1 Wings...

Menu is a little different but still the useful pub offerings.

Not a bad place for a quick drink with parking readily available but might not be the best choice if you  are on Unionville's Main Street."
"Sharetea newest branch in Scarborough. Located inside Skycity sharing the same plaza at Chatime.

Staff here is really friendly and put care in preparing the drinks.

The store itself is really small with no seating area so it is more a takeout place.

Customer Appreciation Day: Buy One Get One Free held regularly: Check Facebook for announcement. https://www.facebook.com/shareteaskycity"
"If you looking for cheap and affordable Japanese food, Super Sushi House would be a good place to go.

Lunch Specials from 11 to 3 starting from $4.25, though the portion is on the smaller side, but one cannot expect too much at this price point!

Sushi Lunch ($4.99) at least have a tuna roll, salmon sushi and tuna sushi. I am still hungry after that... maybe I should just order the regular assortment of sushi instead.

All Day Specials ($14.99) should be a good deal since it has sushi/sashimi/rolls and even a choice of teriyaki.

Super Sushi House is a good place if you want plenty of food at a reasonable price, but not if you really want to have ""authentic"" Japanese food."
"Just maybe one day I am ready to brew my own beer?

Toronto Brewing Co has all the equipment and supplies that might help me in that process!

You can either order their supplies online or drop in to their retail store. Finding it is a little tricky as it is located at the back of the building in a warehouse setting. 

Hops? Malts? Bottles? Starting Kit? Or even pots of hops that you can grow in your own garden? I want a garden of hops....

But for the time being I would stick with all the beer glassware they offers from the local craft breweries: Barnstormer, Black Oak, Cassel, Church-Key and more!

No Cash just Debit or Credit Card payment."
"The newest Pheonix Restaurant 金鳳 just opened in Bridlewood Mall.

The menu is identical as the other 3 locations so if you are frequent customer like myself, you will feel right at home.

Breakfast, Lunch, Afternoon Tea and Dinner Special.

The interior is spacious and nicely decorated.

The patrons now is more a mix of ethnicity as there are definitely more non Asians mall shoppers giving Phoenix a try.

You can access the restaurant through the inside of the mall or direct access at the back right next to Metro."
"I always soft-heartedness when it comes to family runned, hole in the wall and good cheap restaurants... And Khmer Thai fits the bill!! 

I have meant to give it a try for the longest time but it is really out of my way... but when a few yelpers want to go! I AM IN! 

Spicy Shrimp with Garlic was so good because they put real spicy pepper inside.. not those fake ones that looks colourful but were tasteless! 

The Golden Beef/Shrimp both has this great curry taste in it.. I have to say I don't usually eat rice...but those tasty rich flavoured curry sauce makes me want to keep eating more and more rice. 

Phad Thai the Cambodian version is a little different but not bad.. I do prefer the Thai version more because of the more sweet and sour taste which makes me go hungry for more! 

Khmer Pancake, meh for me... I don't really like the texture of the pancakes. It tasted a little blend when eating with other strong flavoured dishes... if it was served right at the beginning or as the only dish I order then it would have tasted a ok. 

Kako Khmer chicken with all the veggies... is the really the only dish that loaded up with more veggie than meat itself... I find when stired frying or doing a curry dish with white meat does make the chicken a lot tougher and dry... 

The friendly waiter here was so nice and smiley... He asked me at the end if the dishes are spicy enough... hey not really Thai Thai spicy.. but enough for my Canadian spicy eating fellow yelpers! I saw that little smile in his face and know next time my dishes will be extra extra hot!"
"I changed my mind about Fabarnak!!

After my last visit to Fabarnak with 2 yelpers and ended up I have a chance to order some real entrees..... (Nice Yelpers were forced to shared theirs with me!)

Sorry, Square Box I no longer love you as much as before.....

Entrees, you are my TRUE LOVE. You are so well prepared and with class and great flavours. You are the REAL DEAL....and a real deal at that price too!!

Now I have to come back to try the Fabarnak's Brunch Menu (the morning after meal)!"
"My Indie Coffee Roasters is family business located in Newmarket. 

Here you will find blended and single origin coffee roasted on site. And if you just want to have a good cup of espresso drink, you won't be disappointed either.

The owner is friendly and passionate! It is always fun to do some coffee talk to fellow coffee lover!"
"The Rolling Pin is definitely good if you are into sweet and want to go in sugar coma after having one of their cookies or donuts.

The donuts are cute and quite innovative especially those one that comes with a shot on the side!

My S'mores cookie was ultra sweet but luckily The Rolling Pin carries Trebilcock Coffee from a coffee roaster in Pickering! Drinking that might help you balanced out the sweetness!"
"Lunch Special!!

Le Quartier General was fully packed on a weekday around 2 pm! If you are coming with a group, reservation is strongly recommended! But since I was alone, I just waited a few minute before I got seated.

$20 prix menu with a choice of appetizer and main and if one still have room for dessert is $5. 

With the help of my waiter, I ordered the Tartare of the Day: Scallop and Meat of the Day: Bison with 1/2 frites and salad. Both were well prepared and delicious!! 

Service here is excellent! My waiter is attentive and so friendly!! 

I am definitely going to come back here for dinner as they have prix menu for dinner too!! The menu changes regularly since the ingredients are seasonal and sourced locally!

And I will be making a reservation and yes I will be ordering that foie gras appetizer!!"
"Thanks for Doors Open, I have a chance to visit Gibson House Museum without paying an admission but without any tours available during that 2 days.

The ""House"" itself  was built in 1851 is really well maintained and decorated with furniture and details of the time period. Walking through the rooms give visitors ideas of how the life over 150 years ago!

There is limited free parking on the site. Finding the actual museum though is a little tricky as it is not really located directly on Yonge Street and surrounded by condominiums."
"It is great that Rural Restaurant finally smarten up and put this big neon OPEN sign at the storefront. 

Numerous time I came here for Breakfast/Lunch/Afternoon Tea, I thought this place was closed down!!  

Yes, Rural Restaurant does look like a sketchy place out front. The windows always has this layer of dirt on them and a sign that is handwritten about a $3.50 specials.... Surprisingly the inside is really clean and ""modern"" with recent renovations?

Rural Restaurant is the only Hong Kong Style Cafe that I know in the area that opens at 7 AM for breakfast. Nothing beat having a cheap/light/decent breakfast with milk tea first thing in the monring!

Afternoon Tea set has over 25 different choices. My favourite is their Special Big Bowl Noodle Soup ($4.99) that comes with a choice of drink. The toppings always plentiful and the beef tendon always tender...... 

Staffs are all super friendly...and they all seems to enjoy working here!!

Cash Only!"
"Back here for their $4 Martinis on Wednesday!

Love the experience this time as I sat with my friends at the bar and of course we have good services as the bartender made sure we have all the drinks we need tonight and more... I ended up having 4 martinis including one off the menu and my favourite for the night is the Almond Pleasure, just love those dark chocolate chips in the drink!

Calamari ($10.95) is on Late Night Happy Hour Special with 33% off was not bad. Sadly their 50% off Wednesday Special Mussel all sold out by 10:30 pm.. so if you are into mussels.

I can drink 10 of those martini especially those creamy sweet one, they just tastes like liquid dessert..."
"1 Star for the food and 1 Star just because of nostalgic push cart dim sum

Food is really going downhill since I last visited. Everything is sticky and dirty from the spoons, teacups and chopsticks.  My Yelp friend kept trying to wipe the chopsticks with hot tea and napkins and it was not helping much...

A few old style dim sum items we ordered just for old time sake....

Probably won't be back..."
"I LOVE Crepes a Go Go!!! 

We were lucky to get the last available table when we walked in on a Sunday afternoon!! A queue started a couple of minutes after we settled down.

The lone waiter is really nice and sweet. We were given hot Limonana sampler to try. Tasted pretty good... especially great if you have a cold or drinking it on a winter day!!

Crêpe Madame: Cream cheese, dill, red onion, smoked salmon & lemon  ($9.50)
- Cold rolled crepes, light and refreshing.. but I think I like the hot folded one much better!

Tartinade ($5.50)
- delish!! Just love that warm, sweet crepes... I want that whole crepes without sharing.. but my friend looking at me with that give it to me look!!
 
GoGo Crème: Petit crème & chocolate ($3.50)
- like a hot chocolate.. but not as sweet, a lot more smooth.. and just like a liquid dessert!

The services was quite slow, it took awhile before our order was taken.. but after that the food arrived quickly!

Prices included tax! They accepts all credit cards for payment but do prefer tips be made in cash.

I can't wait to come back and have another of those sweet hot dessert crepes all by myself!! NO sharing!!"
"Rock Lobster's Caesar ($12) really ROCKS!!

It is nothing like the  watered down, tasteless version I had at other places. The flavours here is bold, peppery and spicy with a punch! 

And the garnish: a huge fresh celery and half a rock lobster tail! LOVE!

I came here for a quick pre dinner drink at the bar. Sitting right in front of the raw bar with all these oysters, lobster tails and snow crabs was not easy, as I had to use all my will power to stop myself to order a dozen or so oysters... as I might ended up here with a full meal instead of meeting up with Evelyn's for her Secret Supper Club event!

Love all the staff at the bar area, they were super friendly and accommodating.

I will be back again for another Caesar or some lobster next time!!!! Steam Whistle Seafood Boil anyone?!"
"You can find Gui Lin Style of almost anything at Tsui Wah!

Curiously if you google Gui Lin cuisine, it is known for  the use of spices, especially chili. Gui Lin Style noodle that serves here are not spicy at all!!

Beef Vermicelli in Soup Gui Lan Style ($6.95) has this brownish meat broth based and garnished with fresh tomato cubes, cilantro, green onion and preserved vegetables. 

The chili oil as condiments on the table did make my noodles tasted a lot better! The order was quite sizable and comforting on a cold winter night!

Try not to sit in the front of the restaurant, as you can feel this drift whenever customers come in and out of the restaurant. 

Cash only!"
"2.5 Star

Reno Depot is coming to Ontario. 

With over 15 outlets in Quebec and now expanding into Ontario with Aurora's location as the first and the only store as of now. The parent company though is Rona which has numerous outlets in GTA.

So how does Reno Depot compares to other hardware stores I have been to? Selection is a little less than Home Depot and even Rona itself. There are some items that might be different from their competitors.

The shelves though were well stocked and organized. Good if you are in the immediate area and want to pick up some home improvement items and do some comparative shopping. 

On a weekday afternoon, there were more staff than customer so you would get service and fast check out and a parking space!"
"Express Eatery at Markville Mall is not worth a special trip!

I was hoping that it will be similar to Urban Eatery or Dine on 3. 

Here at Express Eatery, you will only find your standard food court's options: Manchu Wok, A&W, Taco Bells, KFC............ 

Styrofoams, plastic utensils... 

It is though really bright, spacious and airy... love the different options of seating though. 

Just wish more interesting vendors will move in one day........"
"If La Favorita is located in Toronto Latin American Neighbourhood, it would not be in business for long. But in Brampton, it is a good choice if you need some Latin American grocery, treats or condiments.

Dropping by on an early evening, 2 hour before closing time looking for some snacks. We ended up picking up some empanadas ($1.95 each) and a can of Materva: a Yerbe Mate Soda.

Empanadas tasted salty and with not much of other flavours. Meh...

I cannot comment on the prices on the other products.

The staff though was kind of rushing us kept asking what we want...  We just want to look around and see what we want?!"
"I only been there once.. and this review is more personal and maybe a little bias..

This is a cute little place and the idea is great to have you pick whatever you like and how you like your meals to be prepared.

But over $10 for a noodle with chicken and vegetables  that is quite pricey for the quality and quantity you getting.. I am not a big eater and I was still hungry after I ate my soup noodle!

But this is a good place for people that are more picky and want to know exactly what is in the food they ordered.

The services are really friendly and good.... and it is kind of cool to be looking out to Queen street through the big windows when you hanging out with your friends!"
"The Best Milk Tea in Toronto? 

Hokkaido Milk Tea with Milk Pudding ($5.20) is more like a Milk than a Tea. If you are into milkshake like drink, you might enjoy how creamy and smooth it is. I just find it really too heavy and creamy for my liking especially on a hot summer day.

I might give other drink a try at Easy Drink Easy Go but the Milk Tea was meh for me."
"Okotte Ramen A new Ramen joint has simple conception as Chef Papa where you can custom made your own perfect bowl and with $2.50 a choice of any Presotea

Spicy Soup + Tenderous Ribs + Shitaki Mushroom + Japanese Ramen ($9.99)

I like the ramen as it was cooked perfectly with a nice bounce! The soft boiled egg also cooked with the perfect yolk. Sadly the ribs was cold inside...

I would not come here for authentic Japanese ramen experience but ok as a noodle joint. They have some special soup base: Black Truffle, Basil and even Ginger may worth trying

Passionfruit Tea was a little sloppy as there was still couple of seeds in my drinks, that meant it was fresh fruit but did not strained out all the seeds before making my drinks."
"I am kind of excited for my dog that a Petsmart opened up another store in Markham. 

The pet food selections are just meh if you are looking for holistic, natural and organic food for your pets.

But my dog just love wandering around the store, checking out everything. Great for smaller dogs or when it is raining.

Look for special pricing for PetPerks members that is free to join.

Staffs still in training..."
"Taking Roma's advice about no showers facilities, so I for sure not taking a hot yoga class. 

The practice room for regular yoga is pretty nice. 12 feet ceiling.. nice dim lighting and the walls are in pastel purple (one of my favour colours).

The class though not my level.. but was good and relaxing for me to wind down at the end of the day. 

Free yoga mats are provided if you don't have one.. great for beginners! 

No lockers facilities but there are cubicles for storage inside or outside the room."
"I love the food and lunch special offers at the first location of Oriental Gourmet in Scarborough.  I suffered through tight dirty restaurant space, non smiling and rude waitress to eat all the delicious chiu chow food..one of the best or even the best in Toronto.

I was more than excited that Oriental Gourmet opens up in Markham. This is heaven in here. Clean and spacious space and with the same menu. 

I ordered my usual Chiu Chow Fishball noodle in fish broth ($5.95) and Pan Fried Chives Dumpling ($3.95). When I inhaled and tasted that milky fish broth, I almost have tears in my eyes...

Parking though maybe a major problem in this smallish plaza, I suggest to come during off hour."
"A Cold Freezing Day

A Hot Bowl of Pho

I came to Pho Fusion at Newmarket with not much expectation. 

Rare Beef, Tripe and Meatball Small Size ($6.95) was quite a good portion. Rare beef still rare and the hot soup was hot enough to cook it to medium rare right at my table. 

Service was OK. They were a little busy inside the kitchen so I had to find someone so I can pay. Some of the chopsticks in the bucket on the table were a little dirty, with food particle sticking on them.

Not a bad choice if you feel like some Vietnamese when in you are in the area."
"I did not expect Levetto be so crazily busy on a Sunday evening. 

The takeout requests was just crazy: both phone in and walk in. The wait for food was around 45 minutes. It was kind of insane for pasta and pizza.

The quality of the food did suffer due to their popularity. Caesar Salad ($9) was really fresh since it did not involve any cooking. But Affumicato ($8.50) bacon was burnt, I just scraped those off. They forgot my Rigatoni ($14) and the girl gave me a takeout order that belonged to someone else. The braised beef ragu was really good, I would recommend that instead of the pizza.

I don't mind coming back but definitely on a weekday."
"Good & New Chinese Cuisine is a ""New"" restaurant that is decently good.. especially for the price.

Korean Style Beef ($7.99) 
- Don't taste any Korean sauce or favour is more like beef with garlic and onion
- not bad but should have call that garlic and onion beef

Steamed Zucchini with preserved pork and ginger ($8.99)
- quite interesting flavour... round off with soy sauce
- the ginger taste is quite intense though

There are also fresh lobsters in the tank if you are into lobster.. and some of the standard Cantonese fares with some Northern Spicy dishes.

All meals come with peanuts and soup of the day to start and end with a Chinese dessert..

Open from 4:30 pm to 3:00 am... great if you want to come for midnight snack or have some food after partying!"
"The staffs for sure are nice and friendly! I didn't feel awkward at all even dining alone here on a Saturday evening.

Dinner Combo Butter Chicken ($12.95) has so much food that ended up the only regret for the night is I wish I can share that with someone? Naan bread was so fluffy and oven fresh hot!

Waitress asked me how spicy I would like, but ended up Indian spicy is NOT real Indian spicy! When will people believe that I can handle the real deal?

Decoration is minimal but clean and functional.... great for a quick bite with friends but not somewhere you want to impress your date!!

Accepts Visa and Mastercard but not AMEX.

Lunch specials for $9.99 sounded like a good deal!"
"Broadway Restaurant is one of the restaurant you would find decent food at a dirt cheap prices! 

Here lunch sets started at $3.99 that includes a drink! And the place is clean.. no sticky floors, flithy condiments bottles, greasy tables or funny smell!

I ordered something light since I need to refuel myself in between my yoga classes. Trust me, you don't want to have a full stomach when you trying to do a headstand. I decided on the sandwich/salad/soup/drink combination for $4.99. The soup is quite decent for one of those Chinese version of Russian Borscht soup with tons of vegetables inside. The salad is one of those mayo potatoes salad.. hmmmm not good... the beef and egg sandwich though is a little small but freshly made with BUTTER! (I don't want to know how fattening that is!) 

The service here is nice and friendly!

I will be back to try other lunch specials Broadway Restaurant offer for sure!

They accepts Cash only!"
"Come and get your Green Tea Frosty Flakes!

It is just so pretty.. with the flavour infused right into the ice...with red bean and whipped cream on the side and topped off with Oreo crumbs! The texture of the Frosty Flakes is quite unique.. 

Pastel has it in different flavours too including Cappuccino and Chocolate... But Matcha RULES!"
"This is one of the newest supermarket in the area. 

I always drop by  for milk, bread and salad late at night since it is opened till 10 PM on weekdays!

The cashiers line are never long since they always has a few cashiers working even late at night. And the management are always jump in to help when there are more than 3 people lining up in any of the cashiers.

The fruits and vegetables are always fresh, they have people constantly sorting out the rotten ones and rearranging them.

They have their own bakeries on site and a great varieties of baked goods!

Good selections of Meat/Seafood either pre packaged or get them to pack for you in the quantities you want!

Price wise is more expensive than No Frills or Food Basic. I usually just get the sale items.

They now have the Thank You Reward program where you can get extra points for buying specific products. I am not too crazy about since it will take me forever to redeem anything..

They takes Visa, MC, Interac and AMEX (I can only think of Longos and Metro that will take AMEX!)

This place is freezing cold during summer.. you might has to wear your down jacket to shop!!!"
"2.5 star

I would not line up in the cold ever to wait for a Santouka Ramen. The ramen is good but waiting for a hour? not really worth your while. For me, ramen is just a fast comfort food and if lining up in the cold for more than 10 minute, it is no longer a fast and comforting experience!

I was lucky as we came on a Sunday afternoon with just 1 family of 4 waiting for a table and we got seated fairly quickly. 

The deco is simple and functional which is kind of comforting. Love watching the cooks at the open kitchen area busy preparing for the food. There are also quite a few seating for singles. 

I tried the Shio Ramen, Miso Ramen and Spicy Ramen. I do enjoy the toppings: bamboo shoot, jelly ear and chashu. The broth definitely well flavoured with a savoury and sweet after taste. The only thing I don't enjoy is the noodle itself. The noodle has this overwhelming egg/soapy flavour that I didn't enjoy.

Service here is fast, efficient and friendly.

I would only come to Santouka only if there is no line... definitely not worth lining up for!"
"Searching for a perfect cup of Cappuccino is not that easy in Montreal.. Maybe I am just too picky but I found the few I have been too either too mild, too frothy, too sour, until I have the cappuccino at Caffe Art Java.

One of the best cup I had. 

The vibe though might be a little commercial but the drinks and the latte art is definitely exceed my expectation!

There is also a more quiet room at the back if you want more privacy without listening to the barista talking about their weekend plans..

Free wifi!

I will be back!"
"Location! Location! Location!

Yogurty's made an excellent business decision! It is located right in front of a high school. Bring the sweet and dessert to the high school students and they would come! 

I picked the perfect time to visit Yogurty's as around 3 pm this place was FULL! Full of teens stuffing their face with froyo. And even all the staffs here are young, really young....

10 selections of froyo from low fat, non fat, non dairy and the toppings are as interesting too...

When I was enjoying my froyo and listening to all the teens talking about school, boys and girls... it was definitely a different experience.......... Did I look out of place between them??"
"Two Green Grotto right across from each other and seems both doing a good business.

This new Green Grotto took over where Wendy's used to be! The space had completely transformed and the only thing left maybe the defunctional drive thru.

The friendly staff even remind my pregnant friend not to have any cold drink especially with herbal jello!

The menu is identical to other Green Grotto's location but with more seating and more spacious.

Parking can be a pain but not impossible to find a spot.

Free wifi and popcorn."
"Even when I do a lot of shopping online, sometimes I do want to see and feel the products before making my final decision.

Structube does have a great website featuring the products that they carries. Sadly the set up of this store was not as good. Boxed like and long without any windows, everything seems to be cramped into the space without any thoughts.

Walking down the long narrow aisle trying to look for certain items were not that easy. Salespersons not as friendly and even when they have nothing much to do, did not greet or offer any help.

All I needed was to check if they have an item in stock, it was not that hard? Maybe I just call in next time or go to another location..."
"Miller Tavern is a decent place for a night cap if you are in the area. 

The lounge area with the fireplace looks inviting.. I almost want to tell the hostess I just want to have a drink.. just let me sink into one of those comfy chairs...

My Dark and Stormy ($7) is well made, sweet and have the right kick of spice. My drinking companions are happy with their Manhattan and Apple Martini too. Cheers!

Service is professional... but we do have some problem getting our bills.. seems like they just want us to stay here longer?!

Ample parking always a plus!"
"2.5 Star 

What not to like with Tuesday Specials? $8.99 for 2 (half) cheesesteak sandwich!

What not to like with Everyday Specials? 69 cents wings

It is decent especially at this price. 

the -0.5 star is to the filthy washroom.  There was no hand soap and looks like it had not been cleaned for days.

I would just skip the washroom......."
"Galleria Supermarket in Oakville! I am still waiting for my own Galleria in Markham! :)

This is probably a compact version of the other Galleria's location. Trying to stock the same product selection might be challenge for this smaller location. For their grand opening week, a lot of the merchandise has not been able to be shelf in an organized manner. You might find odd items with no pricing in the wrong area but I think that would eventually be sorted out!

The hot food area has a amazing amount of food choices even for a small supermarket. You have the option of getting food from the hot table or made to order. For made to order and Mom's Chicken, you would need to order from Customer Service Counter. You would then be provided with a buzzer for hot food and a number for Mom's Chicken as you would be notified/called when your order is ready. A little confusing as my order was ready before the 30 minute promised time and I did not know that my number was called before that. Maybe I should be hanging out right outside the kitchen instead of wandering around the store.

*Mom's Chicken Extra Spicy is really Spicy. Warning: from my Yelp Friend! Eat with Caution and have water ready to put out that fire in your mouth!

Galleria Supermarket provides a decent shopping experience if you want to pick up some Korean grocery and food. But do visit their location at York Mills if you do want to see what the flagship Galleria offers!"
"I really need to write an update review for Spynga.

Using my Groupon deal for a two weeks unlimited classes at Spynga and attending a couple of their Spynga Flow classes.. I think I am a little hooked? The spinning part is really intriguing and full of energy and the Yoga ""Stretch"" after is relaxing.

The staffs at the front desk are so friendly! One of them even greets and remember my name on the second class!

Great studio to switch your training routine. The yoga classes can use some improvement as most of them are really beginners level.

I still have problem with the code for the washroom down the hall......... and I definitely cannot come before work for a class because there are not where I can have a shower... so 4 star!"
"Landmark Seafood Cuisine is the new Chinese restaurant that opened at the  location that used to be Elegantview Chinese Restaurant http://www.yelp.ca/biz/elegantview-chinese-restaurant-scarborough.

Not much has change in terms of the decoration... and still offers decent priced dim sum.

Daily Dim Sum from 8 AM to 4 pm
Weekday All Day S/M/L $1.98 and XL $2.18
Weekend All Day S/M/L $2.18 and XL $2.38
Tea is 60 cents per person

The menu curiously has most of the popular dim sum items priced as XL but at $2.18, I am not complaining as the food quality is decent.

We ordered:
- Seafood Dumpling in Soup XL
- Har Gow XL
- Siu Mai XL
- Steamed Seafood Dumplings with Baby Vegetables XL
- Chicken Feet M
- Steamed Shrimp Rice Roll XL
- Deep Fried Taro Dumplings L

In an half empty restaurant, we were seated at the worse table one can imagine facing the storage just because it is close to the front counter. Service was the usual unattentive as we were there close to 2:30 pm and the wait staffs have more urgent things to take care of than serving us.

I would come back here for dim sum as the price is right and the place is not too busy for late afternoon dim sum!"
"Steeped & Infused is awesome!!

Steeped & Infused has super friendly staff. She offered me free sample of their refreshing Raspberry iced tea and all ready to help me or asking any questions I might have with all their selections.

Love the little sampling tea pouches for $1.75 so you can try out a few of their teas... 10gram sizes would yield around 3-4 cups.

There is also a little sofa seating area in the front of the store if you just want to enjoy some hot/cold tea which looks really inviting.

I was given a coupon for a free hot or cold tea for my next visit... so I better come back and get my freebie soon!!"
"2.5 Star

This review is based on my dim sum experience at Global Imperial Cuisine. 

The interior though newly renovated and look and feel nice. But I suggest please double check and make sure your tea cup and chopsticks are clean as mine has food stuck to it and was gross.

$2.60 for all Sizes on Weekday and $2.90 on Weekend. They also has an Early Bird Special before 11 am.

We tried a few items and most of them were quite standard aside from the Mango Sticky Bun and Har Gow Shrimp Dumplings which were the best out of the items we ordered. The steamed rice roll tasted stale and old. 

I still a little gross out with my experience with dirty cups and plates....... 

So a 2 star...."
"Paramount Fine Foods is one of those places I really want to love but just everything are falling short in every aspect.

Since I was with a bunch of Yelpers here for a Sunday Brunch UYE, we were able to order a few dishes to share! 

Manaakeesh Zaatar ($2.49)
- I just love the spices and herbs

Hummus with Chicken ($7.99)
- A-ok, but I am never a fan of hummus
- Though the complimentary Puffy Pita Bread that comes with it were so good! The best part of the meal!

Mixed BBQ Platter ($69.99)
- Chicken, Beef and Kafta which I found them all really bland tasting, dried and cold..
- Though the mixed pickles on the side were delicious... 

The complimentary coffee at the end which you can help yourself though is a really nice to end the meal. 

Service is non existence, but I don't really mind since it is more like a self served restaurant.

Paramount has the one of the most filthy ladies washrooms I have been to! Seems like none of the staffs ever checked the washrooms for the whole day: toilet paper scattered everywhere and even puddles of pee on the floor... Maybe I went to the men's washroom by accident?"
"I am not a science person... the last time I was doing any chemistry was in high school. I am little confused?? or I am really confused? I saw on TV about molecular cooking, should I expect something like this at LAB? 

I was excited to see the Prix Fixe Menu for $30 offers on Sun, Tue and Wed and it is a great value. 

But strangely the choices are mainly vegetarian aside from one of the main: Pappardelle all Bolognese. So I ended up being a vegetarian for this meal 

Parmesan Potato Croquettes - A-OK, the tomato chutney was quite good 
Carrot Risotto -urgh, I hated this!! 
Chocolate Budino with Salt Carmel Choclate - excellent 

Luckily I got to try everything else that my dinner mates ordered. Maybe the saying of other people's food always tasted better is true. I like 

Long Bean Salad - Excellent, I like how they still kind of crunchy 
Warm Frisee Salad - hmmm, not too memorable 
Eggplant Tapenade - Meh 

Papardelle alla Bolgnese - A-OK, fresh pasta with tons of meat in the sauce 
Trout with Fagiolli Cannellini and Tomato Caviar - Good, the tomato caviar is the only neat thing for the whole evening 
Lamb Shank - Good, it is kind of smallish for the $25 they charging 
Passion Fruit Panna Cotta - Meh 

I would have given LAB a 2 star if I came on a day without the Prix Fix Menu. But what I heard they are revamping the menu soon. 

Maybe LAB is just refers to the decor and the presentation of little things to make everything a laboratory feel and nothing to do with the food?? I am still confused!!"
"A revisit to Super 7 because of the Pho-bruary!

This time I order the lunch special: Special House Noodle with spring roll and a lemon drink for $5.99.

The noodle is the fresh one! The broth is really clear compare to other places and is really tasty. I have to say the bean sprout here is the freshest one I have, they are all nice and fat and look so clean! 
And the red chilli they provide me are the hot red ones and they are really fresh too! (I have to mention that because yesterday at Vietnam Noodle Star the bean sprout looks greyish... the chilli looks brownish!)

The spring roll.. hm.... I will skip the spring roll next time! It is like a Cantonese version with the same wrappings! 

The service is still fast and friendly!"
"This Starbucks is located inside Terminal 3 US Departure after Security.

For an early flight, this is probably the best place to pick up a coffee, tea or your usual SB drinks before boarding your flight.

Price wise it is just like getting a drink from any other SB locations without the riboff pricing at other outlets inside the airport.

And they even let me pay with my SB app and get my rewards! 

Service is fast and efficient.

Thanks Starbucks for making YYZ a better place."
"A nice sunny afternoon...

The sound of Reggae music in the air...

A few of those muscle car in the parking lot...

I feel like I am in Jamaica....

Patty Time is located in a strip mall in Scarborough... One of those I don't frequent.... 

Chicken, Beef or Seafood Patties?? Or should I go for a full meal of Oxtail...or just have a coco bread...

The smell of baked pastries... must be from the flaky outer shell of the patties..

Beef Patty ($1.29) is as flaky as I think it should be... the filling does have some kick to it... but I don't think they have a non spicy version.... 

Maybe I need to wash it down with a red stripe.... oh I am not in Jamaica.. cannot drink in the parking lot................."
"The Curry's Art Store is spacious, well organized and can be quite busy too! 

The selection of art supplies here are pretty good. A lot of Sheridan Students comes here to shop.

If you need paints, papers, water colours or any other art media, you will find all your need for your projects at this Curry's.

Staffs always on hand if you have questions!"
"Angus Glen CC is the biggest Community Centre in the area!

Here you can find a library, swimming pool, skating rink and a Multi use gymnastic area for badminton, tennis, basketballs and other activities.

Upstairs they also have a sizable activity room that uses for exercise classes and you can even rent out for banquets and other functions. It does have a nice view of a green area.

Senior club has ping pong, line dancing and cards games for neighbourhood's senior to get together and have a social active life!

BTW, you able to have free wifi access in the building from the signal from the library!"
"This review is based on my two visits to Ai Sushi for Kaisendon and Sashimi/Sushi/Roll Platter respectively.

I am excited to have a new takeout sushi place to open in the neighbourhood as I usually get my takeout from Gal's Sushi. 

First visit: Kaisendon ($11.99) was decent. I like how much care they platted the fish and the 2 sweet shrimps were good and fresh! Shari rice need a little more seasoning and was on the dry side. But it was promising from a takeout joint and I was impressed at this price level and even recommended my friends.

Second visit: Sashimi/Sushi/Roll Platter ($35) for 60 pcs as take out. Pricing is really good, especially with 10% cash discount. Sadly, most of the nigiri sushi tasted spoiled and fishy which I could not even eat them. The shari rice was tasteless and the freshness of sashimi was also questionable. 

Hopefully, Ai Sushi would improve overtime as it is still just newly opened. But for now, it would be a pass for me."
"1.5 star

Expectation was set pretty low even when I stepped inside Tin Tin. 

One good thing about the Wonton Noodle Soup ($4.50) I ordered, portion size is huge. 

But the wontons though big and the shrimp is the bigger ones with a good bouncy bite.... but there is ton of uncleaned intestine.. 

I was thirsty and this dry mouth feel afterwards. A little heavy in MSG. 

But Tin Tin might be perfect match for the area as it is right across York U. I still remember my University days that I was on a tight budget and always hungry!"
"This is time to write an update for Zen before they move to their newest location in Markham for Spring 2015.

I have been to Zen numerous time for lunch and every time was an excellent experience.

Since I always come here alone, I definitely suggest to just sit right at the sushi bar. It is so much fun to interact with the chef and watch them prepare sushi like a work of art.

Lunch menu is still great value with the quality and quantity of the food. During lunch, you can also order from the full dinner menu or even their omakase sushi.

I will be coming here for my Japanese food fix whenever I can to tie me over till my next trip to Japan!"
"Shaanxi Restaurant took over the space of Ting's Shabu Shabu (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/tings-shabu-shabu-restaurant-thornhill#hrid:60i-RFLCmvrOreVkK18rbg) which was a hot pot restaurant. 

Shaanxi Restaurant is really a Northwestern Chinese Cuisine Restaurant with influence of Sichuan. Though the menu only has 50% of the selection being spicy, so it is really safe to take your non spicy eating friends to dine here. 

Special Hand Made Noodle ($4.99) 
- The waitress asked if I want it non spicy?? why.. if there is a chili next to it on the menu and I ordering that... puzzle.... 
- Really simple thick, wide and chewy noodle with great texture.. though the portion looked small but was quite filling 
- The spiciness is more of a sour and spicy... which is the characteristic of Shaanxi cuisine..instead of Sichuan peppercorn style 

The waitresses here were both really really friendly! Big smile, talk to all patrons in Mandarin with their sweet voices... I got a chance to practice mine too, trying to explain why someone like me from Southern China can eat spicy food... 

Shaanxi Restaurant still serves Hot Pot. For Lunch Specials (11:30 to 3)is AYCE for $8.99.. they have the veggie and some of the items in the fridge in self served style. Or you can order their hot pot set (11:30 - 5) for $6.99. For AYCE dinner the price will be for $14.99. 

I guess I need to come back and try their hot pot soon...."
"Tutto Panini & Pasta is newly opened in the strip mall at the corner of Markham Road and 16th. 

A good option if one has a craving for some Italian sandwiches in the area. 

Veal on a Bun ($5) is one of the grand opening special which was quite tasty. Free onion and pepper toppings with other option for $1 more.

Tutto is a decent place if you want something fast and decent for lunch. Opens till 11 pm on weekends!"
"Bake Code sharing the same storefront with Chatime inside Hillcrest Mall. 

If you like Asian Fusion baked good or never try them, it is worth a visit. They offers free samples on some of their more unusual products. 

Though supplied with tongs for picking up samples, a lot of people just picked it up with their bare hands. So cleanliness maybe a concern.

Accepts credit cards so you can just pay your purchase with the Taiwanese tea you ordered from Chatime,"
"I was really surprise with this PJ's Pet location. 

This store sell food and supplies mainly, so don't go in and expect to see kennels with little puppies and kittens inside.

The food they selling are good qualities both dry and canned food  like Wellness, Orijen, Canidae, Fromm and Eagle Pack Holistic etc....
I never expect to see a PJ's pet would have carried at Scarborough Town Centre or Yorkdale Mall.

I usually tell people NOT to shop PJ's as they are getting a lot of their dogs from puppy mills and jack up the prices and make a big profit! 

But I could not resist going in and check out what new treats they have for my little one!

They accepts all forms of payment and all credit cards!"
"Right across from World Bowl on Leslie North of Hwy 7.

If you want a place that serve cheap chinese/western food, this is not for you. The price is not rock bottom cheap but with the price you paying, you do get well prepared food with fresh ingredients.

All the main course comes with a choice of soup (Clam Chowder/Lobster Bisque) or Salad. I really like their Clam Chowder, it is on the creamy side (I know a lot of calories) but it is so yummy! And every course do come with 2 piece of garlic bread (that can be a hit or miss, sometimes it is warm and tasty, sometimes can be cold and chewy).

For main course, they have the Monday - Thu special for $10 each, with the choice of grilled sirlion steak, mahi mahi, seafood pasta, tiger shrimps.. Only comes with soup or salad, no dessert.

On weekend they has the 1/2 lobster and steak special for $19.99 which comes with coffee/tea and a dessert when we were there last time.

I really enjoy their mango pudding dessert! It is really tasty with real mango inside.. and for the tea, it is not HK style tea so if that's what you want, you will be disappointed.

I usually order the grilled filet of sole with crab sauce. I found the fish is always fresh and tasty. And of course this main course comes with the dessert!!"
"Back for Skyview's dim sum special $2.80 if order before 10:50 am on weekdays.

If you do want to take advantage of the special, be sure to be here at least 30 minutes or more to wait for a table. If not, you won't be happy to pay full price for their dim sum.

Most of the dim sum we ordered were A-OK. But the kitchen seemed to overcooked some of the items: the shrimp rice roll and siu mai. The Crab Soup Dumpling which is suppose to be an XL was disappointing: bland and hardly have any filling, even at discount pricing, I would not order that again.

I doubt I would be paying full price for dim sum at Skyview at least with what they offering now. Hoping they would improve on their choice and quality!"
"When reheated overnight leftover from George's Tastee tasted as good as when I ate it fresh!! 

Jerk Pork has a nice proportion of fat and lean meat.. though not the most healthy selections.. but that gives me a sense of guilty pleasure when I feel all the fatty meat in my mouth... 

Jerk Chicken is a little boring by comparison.. But good dark meat.. still nice and moist.... 

Now what should I do next time when I order? Pork Fat? or Chicken Lean? 

The rice too are cooked with good texture.. fluffy... chewy and soft at the same time,,, and drowned in gravy! 

2nd meal is 50% off.. so maybe I just get both each from now on? 

No seatings at all... definitely a take out joint! And they also serves burgers and fries till 3 pm for the lunch crowds!"
"Spynga is really unique yoga/spinning studio... as I could not think of another studio like that up in Markham/Richmond Hill area. 

A lot of people wants a good workout.. by just practicing yoga alone, you may able to work on your flexibility, build up strength and have nice lean muscles. However, you are not burning much calories... and even in hot yoga you maybe sweating buckets but you put those back on by drinking water... 

Spinning on the other hand are great cardiovascular exercise.. since working with your legs which have the most muscles in the body, effective burn a lot of calories.. however spinning have give you really tight hamstrings and will not work on your body strength! 

A classic Spynga flow lesson will have both spinning and yoga components and each complimenting each other. 

The studio is small in a sense there are no washroom or shower facilities, the washrooms are shared with other tenants on the same floor. There are individual change rooms though, if you need to get into your cycling pants. 

The practice room itself is huge with over 30 spinning bikes on the far side of the room and the other half are for yoga practice. So bring your running shoes if you are going to go to one of those classes. 

The Yin/Yang Flow class I attended has only 2 students... the class itself was ok. The instructor Janna explained everything thoroughly since the other student is more of a beginner... I can't imagine if no one else show up, I will be the only one taking the class!! 

I am seriously thinking about doing a intro week here trying out the Spynga Flow class here... sometime the body does need some challenge and serious workout...."
"The staff at The North Face store is just amazing! So helpful in offering suggestions, getting me different sizes in different style and colours.

I was here for pre Black Friday sale and they still have a lot of sizes available without the crowds. 

Great price and good products! They have really warm waterproof down filled parka perfect for the cold and snowy winter!"
"After my horrific experience on Saturday, I really advice not to use the ""Kiss and Ride"" drop off or pick up especially when it is late at night.

Scarborough Town Centre closes all their gate after 1 AM... So in order to get to the pick up area, you have to walk through the dark and quiet road! On this particular Saturday night, some of the street lights not even working!! 

I was totally freaking out...."
"I have a thing with Churro. I am even happy to eat old plain Churros with no fancy toppings. If done right, they are nice and crunchy outside but soft and chewy inside.

El Habanero's Churro are just great as a snack. I always have an urge to buy more, the more you buy the cheaper per churro will cost.

I also had their El Cubano Sandwich: pork was tender with tons of pickles as toppings. Fries was the crispy and I could not stop eating that!

Since there are no other Cuban food outlet in the area, El Habanero is worth visiting if you live and work in Scarborough/Markham area."
"Happy Hour Friday/Saturday/Sunday from 3:30 - 5:30!

House Beer 15oz for $4 which is a Steam Whistle! Or if you are like me, prefer a glass of white wine $5.

Oysters from $1.35 each or $16 for a dozen...We opted for the French Kiss which is $1.75 each or $20 for a dozen instead...

There are also other cooked seafood on the menu if you are not into oysters. 

Most items are $1 or $2 less than what they charge on the regular menu, so not really a huge difference in prices.

Fishbar is definitely a good place to have a drink or 2 and chill out a bit in between meals. Since it was a Sunday late afternoon, the restaurant was really quiet with just our table at 5 pm.

Service was ok, we get what we want but did feel a little rush since the staff were prepping for dinner rush.

$4 for a beer is really a good price..... I will be back!!"
"Free samples both inside and outside the store. 

I already have a game plan! 6 Danish Croissants for $12 no tax. I walked in with a purpose and ended up I got 7 for $12! Buy 6 get 1 free. More pastries to fattened me up.

Butter Croissants really have a slap of butter inside! I think I enjoyed the raspberry one the best as the tartiness helped to balance out the heaviness of butter.

So conveniently located inside Sherway. I would suggest park near Nordstrom so you can get some to go after shopping!"
"This is the first ever Oakville Public  Library I been to and I am totally disappointed!!

I can understand libraries can be full of kids and teens especially after school. It is kind of better for them to hang and chill in libraries than at malls.

I really cannot understand why the furniture are so dated, no electrical outlets on the tables or anywhere that are too accessible!

Though with Free WIFI, the chairs are so uncomfortable... cafeteria type plastic chairs.... maybe I should have just go to Starbucks!"
Closed!! Replaced by Kim Bo....
"I have to jump on the cheering party!!!

This is by far my most favourite Chinese Grocery Store to shop it! Ok I will go even I don't have any groceries in mind to buy, I will ended up buying something regardless.

It is always clean. No fishy smell..no sticky, black floors..no rotten fruits or veggie laying on the floor..

There are a lot of various of fruits, vegetables all you can think of... at the back there are chinese vegetables that are already bundle in bags. I found them too big for small family, so you can ask them to get them customed pack for you (Can I have just 6 of those bok choy hahaha)

For meat, you can either get them from the meat counter, which is cheaper than the prepackaged ones on the left... 

They also has their own kitchen, bakery, bbq station cooking prepared food on site all the time. 

I love their bbq pork, really juicy and sweet (must be the honey they brush on top). They are not the cheapest compare to other chinese grocery store that are selling for $2.99/ lb but you know they use better cut of meat and they are never dry. 

There are glass displayed case with bowels of cold appetitizers can I call them antipasto?) You can just buy whatever your little heart fancy by pointing to them..

There are also a cooked food station that has sweet sour pork, noodles, veggies, beef stir fried etc. You can either order that as a lunch box that comes with rice or you can just order them as if so you can go home and tell your loved ones you prepared them yourselves..

Next to it is the dim sum station, all those little deep fried pastry, steamed dumplings...you can order to go!

Since I am a little sushi snob, I don't recommend eating any of those sushi from T & T. The rice are all dried out and the fish has funny colour.. and their sushi has way too much rice it in!

I sometimes just buy the pre package soup ingredients and  take that home and add water and cook for 2 hours.. and you have nice chinese homemade soup.

The seafood counter is amazing too.. you can just pick your own crab fresh swimming from the tank and they will kill and clean them for you so you save yourself for the dirty work.. There are fresh clams, and oysters too. 

If you want special of the cooked food, dim sum or sushi.. go 2 hours before the store closed, that's when they will all be marked down for a quick sale!

They accept Visa, Mastercard and interac.."
"I have to say Ti Amo is a hidden gem in Richmond Hill for Gelato or a place to meet and hang out with friends. 

The selections of Gelato is great! They have one side of the display case with all fruity favours (18 of them!!) and the other side the creamy creamy favour (18 of them!) I was counting wish that the lady can let me try every single one of them.. but no luck since it said 2 per person.. maybe I have to come back again and again to try them all!

The fresh fruits selections are great! It has kiwi, mixed berries, raspberrries, lychee...and more.. the colour all so pretty! However I did not get to eat any of those because my friend ordered the large 3 favours cup ($5.50) and after ordering that she found out it is too big for her to eat them all! So I added up stuck with her choice of favours.. which are mostly on the creamy creamy side....hmmm

Npw for sure I have excuse of coming back again!"
"Fav Cafe is a New Hong Kong Style Cafe that opened up at the Jubilee Centre.

The staffs here are friendly and decoration welcoming.. and definitely a lot classier than some of the other cafes I frequent.

Afternoon Tea Time, I found the afternoon tea set is a little disappointing with the selections as most of the items are deep fried...  I know some of my friends look that... but some days I just cannot do it.

There are though Noodle Soup Selections ($4.50) ...Wonton, Beef/Fish Balls, Beef Brisket ...

Preserved Mustarded Green With Pork is not bad...the preserved veggie is of good quality and so are the pork which were marinated and cooked before added to my noodle... 

I think I will be back to try out their ""Main Course"" which has over 32 different selections starting at $6.95 and includes soup and a drink...

Maybe Fav Cafe can really be my ""Fav"" HK Style Cafe one day!"
"I would stay with the BBQ skewers as noodle I ordered was meh. Highly recommend though is the BBQ Cabbage. Sweet, Savory and Spicy with a nice crunch! I know it sounded kind of strange to order cabbage.

Don't expect a nice quiet environment on a busy Saturday afternoon. The wait staff seemed to be in such a foul mood as this reflect on their service. Plates and Bowls were flying all over the place as we the customers have to bare with all these excessive noises. A lot of yelling going on between staff as they took on each other with missed orders, slow kitchen and constant demands from a restaurant full of customers!

Taste of Western China is decent place if you want some Xin Jiang Style BBQ. The food is well seasoned and the price is right! I hope you like cummin."
"This is a really strange restaurant..

The food they serves are not really the normal entrees that serves in other Chinese restaurants..

Is it good?? Is it bad?? don't really know.. as way the food it prepared is a little different than what I used to but it is ok...

There is only a all day menu, the price is more than I would have pay during lunch time since no set lunch or special.

The menu selection is really limited. There are a few of the dishes are made with pig feet and fish noodles.

CASH only!

I don't think I will go back again........"
"I know I know... it is Montana's Cookhouse.... Another one of those boring Chain Franchise Restaurants...But the BBQ is good, the service is excellent...

Oven-Baked Antojitos ($9.99) Complimentary using a coupon
- According to my dinner mate, they are spicy... 
- Seasoned with Melinda hot sauce... which my waitress bring extra to my table
- meh... especially if it is $10!! Not much substance in the dish... something I can just roll up and make at home

Pork Side Ribs and Quarter Chicken ($23.95)
- Mouth Watering Chicken and Fall of the bones Ribs
- The half rack is just the right size 
- Chicken leg is moist and smoky!
- All the sides are excellent!

Southwest Salad ($13.99)
- Grilled steak, black beans, salsa, cucumber, corn, fried tortilla strips, dusted jalapenos and red pepper strips served over a bed of mixed field greens
- It sounded good in the menu but just something lacking... I blame it on the Ancho Ranch Dressing on the side...
- It just lack the kick to spice up the dish

The service is amazing. Our waitress is efficient and cheerful... 

Now I just need to fill out a survey to get another free appetizer for my next visit! I think I will be back for more RIBS!

PS Please don't take me here for my birthday!! I don't want to wear that silly helmet!!"
"Kitchen gadgets galore!!

Selections of everything that you think you need and even more!

Kitchen wares for cooking, Glass wares for entertaining.. even gift wares for that special someone...(btw, I have enough serving plates at home!)

If you don't want to spend any money, I recommend not to come browsing at Cayne's. I doubt anyone can leave empty handed!!"
"Lunch Special at Les 400 Coups!

3 courses for $28 available only on Friday

I took a red eye bus from Toronto so I can make it for the lunch special! I will do it again next time.

Appetizer:
 
Carrot, goat cheese, cumin, croutons, elderberries
- A really healthy salad, not my favourite ..meh 

Cod brandade, radish, parsley, lobster bisque
- nicely presented and delicious!

Main:

Arctic char, cauliflower, capers, confit lemon
- cooked perfectly: skin being crispy while the fish itself still moist
- The foamy lemon sauce compliment the cauliflower and the fish itself

Homemade gnocchetti, carrots, confit guinea fowl, mushrooms, aragula
- pasta cooked al dente with great bite, perfect amount of sauce just enough to coat the pasta

Dessert:

Tonka bean foam, carrot and sea buckthorn sobert, maple sugar cake
- a really light dessert but with interesting element

Chocolate ""Pot-de-creme"", caramel & Maldon Salt
- love all the contrast both texture and taste: creamy and crunchy! sweet and savory!

Service was excellent. 

The menu changes often so I think I am coming back next time when I am in town!

Lunch Special!"
"If I am coming to Rally Sports Bar to catch a game... I would not have been disappointed.

- Doesn't matter where you are seated, you will able to watch the game
- You would not miss anything even you have too much to drink and need to go washroom often as there are even TV in the washroom
- The huge huge TV in the main area at the back is great to catch a playoff game or even UFC (I think they can curtained that section off when showing UFC event)

If I am coming to Rally Sports Bar to eat.. I would not have been disappointed.

- Rally is really a Smokehouse.. if you are in to BBQ and a meat lover.. 
- The Sliders ($12) I ordered are so delicious... 
- Beef Briskets is soft and tender with just enough ""fat""
- Pulled Pork is not all dried out... still soft and moist and have the right amount of BBQ sauce
- Beef Burger is good on it's own but fail when served on the same plate with the others
- The mixed salad though has no dressing at all? Maybe it is for decoration purposes? I feel like a rabbit when I was eating those.... Maybe they should just skip that or just replace it with some home fries?  

If I am coming to Rally Sports Bar to eat... I would not have been disappointed.

- 13 draft beers available on tap
- great selections of Martini ($5 Martini specials and 1/2 apps Friday after 10 pm)
- Mixed drinks.. The Pomegranate Mojito ($6.25) is A-OK... 

If you are coming to Rally Sports Bar for the smoking hot waitresses in shorts... you would not be disappointed either...

I just want to come back for a real meal: Ribs, Home Smoked Pork Belly..and just more meat! Pile them on!!"
"The smell of Chocolate is intoxicating!

Chocolats Favoris is a happy place for chocolate lovers and anyone with a sweet tooth. I just could not resist getting a baby cone whenever I am in the area. The perfect size for me and I love how thick that layer of chocolate dip is!

I could see this place brings a lot of happiness and smile to families with kids and any adults that wanted to have a treat.

Staff always friendly and cheerful. 

I will be back!"
"This review is based on 3 Course for $30 menu for Seafood Fest 2016

Appetizer: Lobster Crab (instagram worthy with the contrast of colours but just so dry)
Main: Mussels and Halibut on Risotto (Taste ok but really awkward plating for a restaurant dish)
Dessert: One can only choose from what in the display case. Ended up with Apple Strudel, happy that it was warmed up before serving

We also ordered a la Carte:

Appetizer: Mushroom Salad ($7) Highly recommended! The mushroom is sauteed and well seasoned. 
Main: Seafood Fettuccine in Marinara Sauce ($16) noodle nicely cooked al dente and with tons of seafood. 

Seems like the item from the regular menu tasted a lot better than their ""special"" menu. The most disappointing experience was the limited selection of dessert with the prix.

Worth coming if you are in the neighbourhood. It is a solid restaurant for a night out without going to one of the bigger franchise in the area."
"My previous review was based on the old management and I came back for dinner last week so time for an update!

Delicious Food Restaurant's food does taste a better this time. Maybe I came with someone that is Fukienese and I let him do the order? Or the smiling face of the owner and waitress made my dining experience a lot better?

We shared Rice Dumpling ($4.80), Oyster Pancake ($10.99) and Vegetable Wraps ($4.99).  All the dishes were served hot and were all quite tasty. 

The restaurant is small. Arrive early on weekends so you won't be disappointed and avoid waiting for a table.

Closes Mondays and Tuesdays"
"**** CLOSED *****

Another AYCE Japanese restaurant. This one is at the same plaza as T & T at Scarborough.

Food is comparable to other restaurant in the area. 

Offer the similar hand rolls, sushi nothing really outstanding. 

My favourite cooked dish here is the Grilled Cod Fish, not available to most of the other AYCE I been too. Most of their cooked dishes are better than quite a few of the AYCE.

For desserts they do offer mango pudding, Tiramisu and different kind of ice creams.

They are always short of wait staff during lunch hour. So don't go there for lunch if you are in a rush. And make sure you order everything you want when you do you first order, if not you will wait a long time for your food to come.

Please don't come here for dinner when it is public holiday or Mother/Father Day. The food is not good  at all since they are not able to cook to order, instead precooked all the food and leave them on a warmer.

For lunch there is no discount. So you might as well pay with your credit card. For dinner 10% off if you pay with cash.

They accept VISA and Mastercard.

P.S. They added 10% service charges on the bill already, so make sure you don't double tip them!"
"Another hot pot restaurant opened replacing the previous Hong Kong Style Cafe Delicious Seafood and Steak http://www.yelp.ca/biz/delicious-seafood-and-steak-markham ?! But prefect for the cold winter months!

The must order item at Chung Hing is of course anything that uses fish soup as soup base!

Fishy, Sweet and Creamy Fish Soup that suppose to be good or your health without any MSG. 

The combination bowl of goodness that you can pick the carb, protein and soup base for $7.99 that includes a drink. Or if you are really hungry, all you can eat hot pot for $17.99 that you can upgrade your soup base to fish soup for $2 extra! 

Pro Tip: For drink, I strongly recommend ordering the HK Style Milk Tea. The lady that making the drink here had won the 2014 International Kam Cha Hong Kong Milk Tea Competition for Toronto pandoraangeliquelee.word... . The milk tea here is so smooth and delicious. A gentler version than Marathon Cafe."
"When I saw our server put down Flying Monkey's Coaster on my table, I got a little excited! Flying Monkey's Anti Gravity on Draft serves in a Flying Monkey's Pint Glass! it is an unusual sight in a pub up in Richmond Hill! 

Daily Special on a Wednesday night is a Half Rack of Rib for $8.95 with a side. I was hungry and it was close to 11 pm and I haven't dinner yet.. Hungry and Tired, I felt weak and ordered that...

The rib though tender but lack any smokey BBQ taste. Covered in this over sour BBQ sauce and my Yelp Friend thought I poured Ketchup on it. Onion Ring was way too crispy and dry..,

I will just stick with beer next time and from now on...... Beer definitely tastes much much better and make a better meal..."
"Maybe the way everything are displayed and the layout of the stores? I always find that Benix has this outlet store feel... like everything supposed to be discounted.. rock bottom prices? But obviously it is not always the case.

This Benix at least is quite spacious, at least I don't feel like I am going to bump into everything when I try to look around and end up buying the wine glasses I broke?

If you want to find some wine glasses...there are plenty here... 

I won't look for kitchen stuffs here... go next door at Kitchen Stuff Plus, there are way better selections...

The staffs are all busy doing there own thing... most of the customers looks a little bit lost, including myself... at least it is nice to at least ask ""Can I help You with Anything?"""
"2016 North America Champion for Hong Kong Milk Tea Competition

The quality of their Milk Tea is good. The level of creaminess and sweetness can be requested  I usually like mine less sweet and more milk if you want the smoother mouth feel.

We also try the Curry Fish Balls and Beef Balls ($4 for 2 or $2.50 each) which was so so. I would skip that and just enjoy my Milk Tea."
"Centennial Fitness Centre is runned by Town of Markham, so it operates a little different than the privated owned fitness centres.

There are no salepersons! no one will try to sell you any personal training packages, fitness assessment, peronalized fitness programs. They do provides them if that's what you needs.

There are no initial fees, membership promotions on the radio, the prices are the same year round unless you want to join the 3 months summer membership which is at a discounted rate. All the rates/fees are posted so there are no hidden fees.

Memberships includes:
A comprehensive fitness appraisal and counselling session 
A personalized exercise program 
Supervision by highly knowledgeable fitness professionals 
Aerobic classes townwide 
Use of all Town-owned pools, including Aquafit, lane swim and recreation swim 
Use of Thornhill and Centennial Fitness Centres 

The equipment room is nice and open with big floor to ceiling windows. The equipments are clean and up to date. There is at least 2 fitness trainers supervising and they are more than happy to show you how to use the equipments or the machines.

The changeroom has 4 showers, a sauna, a whirlpool and tons of day lockers for use.

And the use of town wide swimming pools for lane/recreation swim and aquafit classes is a plus! All you need is to flash your membership card and you get in for free!

The only thing is the fitness classes, you do need to enroll online every terms. So I ended up waking up at 6:30 AM to register in order to get in some of the classes! Fitness members are put on waitlist if not enough non members are enrolling then members got a spot. I usually have no problems getting into the classes I want because they are mostly non prime time classes!

The monthly fees are charged every month to my credit card around ($43) and you do need to renewal every year if you do want to continue with your membership.

There are specials for seniors, full time students and financial aids are available with proof of income."
"Papa George . definitely promising if you looking for good quality well prepared Hong Kong Style Cafe food.

This restaurant is small and packed. This may not be the coolest new and hot place to hang out for a foodie but with all the Seniors eating here, you know it is good value.

Black Truffle and Shrimp with Pasta with Cream Sauce Meal Set ($9.99).

At this price point, what I served really exceeded my expectation. Garlic Bread and Soup with a choice of Borscht or Clam Chowder. Pasta with a choice of Spaghetti, Linguine, Penne, Rotini and more. And of course a choice of coffee/tea.

The portion size of the pasta is huge. Easily can feed 2 people. I can assure you that truffle oil had been used as I can smell and tasted the aroma of truffle. A few thing they can improve is not to overcook the pasta and not overdo the sauce. The pasta was a little to soggy and mushy for my taste.

I might try other items maybe their curry dish. Afternoon tea from 2:30 pm-6:00 pm. 

Closes 7 pm with last call at 6 pm. Early dinner anyone? 

Cash Only!"
"Dakgogi is located in where Turbo Lounge used to be.

The interior and deco is exactly the same as before.

The difference might be the menu with more Korean Fried Chicken which is good to eat while drinking beers? Or is it the other way around?

The back patio though smallish but is not a bad option if you want more privacy instead of a Yonge Street facing patio.

I might go back for some fried chicken, but not really in a rush."
"Mandarin Garden Restaurant is a Northern Chinese Restaurant located in North Korean Town at Yonge and Finch... 

Menu consist of standard stable of Northern Chinese Restaurant like dumplings, buns and anything that is spicy cooked in hot chili oil. 

Dropped by here for Lunch Specials.. with over 20 items to choose from but almost of of them are a meat item made to to order with a bowl of rice and soy bean drink. 

L7 Spicy stired fried pork and vermicelli ($ 6.99) 
- I can hear the hot gas stove and the hot wok all the way at the back in the kitchen with the chef preparing my lunch 
- My vermicelli Steamy hot, but not spicy hot... more on the salty side... definitely need to eat with a mouthful of rice 
- portion is standard, which I can finish with no leftover 

Services here is homey... with the single old lady as waitress and 2 cooks in the kitchen. 

There are free parking at the back of the restaurant, or you can park at the meter right in front of the restaurant for $2/hour. 

Mandarin Garden Restaurant, though average is a great alternative when you are tired of eating Korean food in the area..."
"I am here again to write another review for Vietnam Noodle Star because of Pho-bruary!

Today I am having a late lunch around 2:30 pm and the restaurant still half full... That is really a good sign for somewhere that does not have lunch special/afternoon tea special or whatever specials!

I order the small pho with raw beef as my last visit. Today I notice the noodle is the fresh one, Amen! The broth is still tasty and still has that anise taste in it which is unique compare to other places.

I have to minus a star today because of the bean sprout they provided. They looks like days old, greyish colour.. and the basil leaves looks like something they get from the bottom of the barrel....

If you notice, everyone else are ordering the Pho but nothing else.. I will definitely suggest people to stay away from other dishes! especially anything that is deep fried!

Nothing beat a hot bowel of Pho on a cold winter day! :)"
"Korean Shaved Ice!!

The Cups offers smaller individual shave ice at $5.99 which is just perfect for me as I could able to order a smaller size for myself. No sharing needed!

The store is small and basic. There is a one hour limit per seating. But I was there when the place was empty. I ate my treat and left happily after 20 minute.

Injeolmi (Korean mochi, shredded almonds and soybean powder) with just a touch of condensed milk. Perfect!

I will be back."
"Trio is located inside Novotel North York Hotel. 

Summerlicious 2012 Lunch Experience ($15)

Appetizer: Wild Mushroom Arancini
- The risotto balls are quite massive
- taste wise is not bad but I could not really taste all the ingredient listed: Arugula, Cherry Tomato,Chickpea, Red Onion

Main: Open Faced Taco Sandwich
- Pass!!! This is one of the worst main I ever had in a Summerlicious restaurant
- The kitchen just put so much salt in it and it just unbearable. I could only eat 2 slices and give up.
- I have to drink glass and glass of water for the rest of the evening!

Dessert: Tarfuto
- Quite standard with Dulce de leche

Services is extremely slow. The restaurant is basically empty at 2:30 pm and it still takes a long time for my food to arrive. 

Come here only if you have a long lunch break... or on your day off. Maybe just skip!"
"My Little Pizzeria is a good neighbourhood pizza joint. 

Pick up Special with a large for $9.99 and additional topping for $1.45 is quite decent and it was ready as promised.

I personally found the regular crust too doughy and thick and there were hardly any cheese or sauce. Maybe I would order a thin crust next time? Or even their gourmet pizza?

3 Star for now, I just wish it was better!"
"After having a Cappuccino at I Deal Coffee across the street which was an disappointing experience, Crafted by Te Aro is really heaven in comparison. 

OK, Crafted definitely worth its 4 star!! 

Though we popped 15 minute before closing time and insisted to have our cappuccino in (please I cannot drink from a paper cup unless it is that I Deal coffee's mug), the barista was nice and cool about that... Kudos to that!! And on top of that, we are using our Indie Coffee Passports! 

The cappuccino here is A-OK... strong and bold with a full body... 

The seatings are comfortable and deco rustic, warm and simple. 

I still cannot get over my I Deal Coffee experience.. I going to chill and drop by Crafted another time when I can really enjoy my drink. 

Free Wifi!"
"Ginger is the last place I will be expecting myself going for a quick Pho fix. But when it is -20C outside and you are at Yonge and Bloor and having something warm and slurping delicious just sound too tempting to ignore! So we decide to give Ginger a try with an open mind. 

Yes the noodle is not the fresh type. 
Yes the Pho broth might not be the most balanced one with star anise 
Yes that sweetening taste in the Pho broth might be a sign of MSG 
Yes the rare beef might not be the best cut 
Yes the self served area for utensils and chili might not be the most hygienic 

But me and my friend both has an enjoyable dinner, stuffing ourselves with Rare Beef Pho and Hot and Sour Noodle Soup... and we did not regret that we eat here! 

The service here was friendly and efficient!! In and Out with no fuss! 

Cheap, Fast, Fulfilling, Reliable and Simple. Ginger really does well in all these departments... Sometimes that's what I want in my meal... or even in my life?"
"They are CLOSED!!

Replaced by another Ramen Restaurant!

Jyuban Ramen House

http://www.yelp.ca/biz/jyuban-ramen-house-thornhill#hrid:0dPL60AQ6UzoDBUgba6PxA/src:self"
"La Boheme Croissant is so devilish good! 

So Fluffy! So Light! So Buttery! 

This is one of the pastries I don't really want to share with anyone. But my friend was looking at my chocolate croissant with hunger eyes after he wolfed down his plain croissant in 1 minute record time! 

The Caffe Latte I have is so cute with the heart shaped latte art made by the nice/friendly barista. The heart stayed impact until I finshed my whole coffee :) The roast is from Te Aro, so the roast is a little stronger.. but that's the way I like mine!

The interior is nice and bright. I do wish that there are some armchairs or sofa sitting. That for sure will be a relaxing place to hang out with your friends and talk about nonsense on a Sunday afternoon!

Free Wifi +0.5 star!"
"Neat does have a lot of neat things for home, office and kitchen.

Stylish, Simple and Functional... 

Some of little organizers and gadgets which I like and I might need are around $10 so not too outrageous for pricing... 

Great place to browse around and get inspired!"
"Mi Ne Sushi in Aurora is as good as the one in Richmond Hill!

A mixture of Japanese and Korean items in the menu, so even if you are not int sushi, you will find something you like..

But why will you not enjoy the sushi here?! Especially with the Lunch Specials till 3 pm.

13pcs nigiri sushi  ($15)
- All my sushi are lining up like solders when presented to me.. that's impressive
- Selections are decent with (thanks god) only 3 salmons and a nice mixture of tuna, unagi, seared tuna, shrimp, white tuna.. etc
- The fish slices are quite thick and well balanced with the portion of shari rice

The salad though has too much dressing on it...and the miso soup is lukewarm.

I love sushi!!

There are a lot of little private rooms. Just make sure you ring that bell on the wall if you need services, though the staffs check on me occasionally but if they are busy, you might be sitting in there for a long long time!"
"SilverCity Newmarket is not my usual go to theatre and this is the first time I ever watch a movie here. My first experience was quite enjoyable and won't hesitate to come back again when I am in the area.

With 16 screens means a lot more movie choices. The theatres though smaller in size and much less fancy but quite adequate as a neighbourhood Cinemas.

There are also a nice play area with arcade games as it has a XScape play area for kids to have a good time."
"Starch+Potato+Cheese+BUTTER = the best Perogies 

Sokolowski's is not a place to eat if you are on a diet. But the perogies are just amazing. 

Old school ""cafeteria"" style. Hearty food that no one will feel hungry just like what eating suppose to be? 

Beer on tap or in bottles either Polish or from local breweries.

Anthony Bourdain would have agree with ""No Reservations"" that this is what me and Michael Symon consider as ""Best Thing I Ever Ate""!"
"We decided to come here for a drink and enjoy the last few days of sunny afternoon on the patio.

Service though slow to start but was quite attentive. Wait staff was trying to help with beer selection but she doesn't realize we were just trying to try some of the beers that we haven't tried yet.

Patio Patio Patio.... I wish Summer will last longer!

PS I found I always have a better experience without ordering food in most Bier Markt"
"One of those Franchise restaurants inside Markville Mall.

Food is ok, portion is big.

Great selections of desserts: cakes are displayed in the glass case in the front.

There are take away if you want sandwiches, they are all pre made and on display in the case.

I usually order the pasta which come with a Ceasar salad.. 

The service are fast and friendly..

Good place to go after shopping at the Mall"
"Can I rate a Starbucks based on how strong their free WIFI signal??!

My Ipod was prompting me to log in even when I was across the street... so I might as well go in and chill a little!

The space is spacious and it was really quiet on this Sunday afternoon. Located right next to Octopus Garden Yoga, will for sure drop by after I finish my class!!"
"I was hoping that I am going to FOUR.. but since I am either on a diet? or on a budget?

Walking through the FOUR admiring the atmosphere and those nice white table cloths and settings... I ended up at Petite Four at Commerce Court's food court!

Desserts! Mini desserts in perfect portion and the great price of $2 each! 

Can I just order everything? I really cannot decide!!

Bumbleberry Cheesecake/Banana Pecan Pudding/Double Chocolate Cream were all deliciously good!! Smooth and Creamy not overbearing sweet but enough to make me feels like I am in dessert heaven.

Me want more!! I for sure will drop by to get more when I am in the area!"
"Much Better Cafe is it really much better?

It is another Hong Kong Style Cafe that replaced another Hong Kong Style Cafe that used to be at this location. 

Free Wifi with no password needed, great if you want to just surf the internet a little over a cup of Hong Kong Milk Tea. 

Over 20 choices for Lunch Specials starting from $6.50.

My Beef Brisket with Rice Noodle ($6.50) comes with Borscht soup and choice of drink. Portion is good and the Hong Kong Milk Tea is creamy and smooth. Extra plus is all the food is served pipping hot!!

Services is excellent and friendly. Ask and you will receive with a smile!

10% Grand Opening Specials! 

Afternoon Tea Special starts at 2:30pm!"
"I like how Maple Leaf Gardens have been transformed to Mattamy Athletic Centre.

I was here for a Pan Am Basketball games and was quite impressed how the interior was totally renovated. 

The ice rink/basketball area is located on the top level. The set up is spacious and does not have a lot of seating but in a way every seat has a good view. If you have a choice, I highly recommended the seats in the lower bowl as the metal bench seat without backing can get really comfortable after the first period.

The concession stand has the overpriced food and drinks as usual, I would recommend a pass.

A intimate venue for sports and music, I would be back if there are other events held here in the future."
"Bread & Roses Bakery Cafe has a great vibe and a great selections of baked goods. 

Sweet, Sweet, Sweet and More Sweet! 

Plain Croissants 
- Not bad, not buttery enough! I can tell when it is not too flaky and crisp when I tearing it apart! 

Cookies 
- soft and chewy cookies... great little bite size... 

Chocolate Macaroons 
- intensive coconut sweetness... a little too sweet for my taste, but my friend seems to enjoy that! Great to have one of this with a strong cup of coffee 

The servers are all so friendly and helpful. Large seating area if you want to eat in... even when I buy that one Macaroon she was nice enough to ask me if I want to have it to stay!"
"This Beer Store is located just underneath Yonge Dundas Square! How convenient that is! 

Opens till 10 pm Monday to Saturday and Sunday till 6 pm, great to pick up a six pack for any last minute house party or gathering.

Not only it carries most of the beers from the big Commercial breweries, there are a great selections of Imports and beers from Canadian and local breweries: Flying Monkey, Waterloo, Unibroue, Cracked Canoe and Black Oak just to name a few!

Staffs are all really helpful and friendly! Always ready to answer any questions!

I just love the Self Served format so I can just look around and see what they have and read all the labels too...

Most of the beers on the shelf though are in 6 pack format, if you need a 12/24/48 packs you have to ask the staffs to get them for you at the back!"
"DSW is huge!! I hope you like shoes?!

Row of row of shoes! Great place if you are looking for sandals, heels, boots and more. I like how spacious the store is and I could try out everything!

Look for extra discount and clearance. I found the warehouse/outlet pricing was so so and even with the extra discount is still meh.

I still suggest coming here to check them out. I like how they have so many snow/winter boots to try on. After I saw Pajar's snow boots and able to try them on, I don't really like how it fit and find them way too bulky. 

Staff is around but this is more like a self served store, I appreciate how they just left me alone."
"How do I rate my first experience with empanadas?? I found it A-OK!

For $3.99, my beef empanadas is big and filling!! 

This place is so busy and it took a long time to get my food... But I wish they warmed up my empanadas a little longer since it was still a little cold inside.

The inside of the restaurant is small and cramped.. I can barely slide myself into the chairs.. or maybe I just been eating too much??"
"Thanks so much Yvonne T. for my gifts from Montreal!

La Maison du Macaron's macaron is AWESOME!

These are not normal macarons since they passed the extreme test:
- flying all the way from Montreal
- got crushed in my purse while I was drinking vodka and partying away during Elite Event
- ate them at least 5 days after they left the store in Montreal

And I have to say it is one of the best one I ever have.. though they just look so ugly that I could not take a photo..

So smooth.. have great flavours and not overpowering sweet!
Chocolate so rich!
Coconut has real shredded coconut inside!

Though the size are smaller than the ones I have before, but not small in flavour!!

I can't imagine how good they would have tasted if they were fresh!!"
"Chatime with no line up.

Conveniently located right across from Vaughan Mills.

Drink is consistent with other locations. Service is fast and quick.

Negative: 

The interior can be really cold especially in the front.
Background music extremely loud, I cannot even hear myself think
Owner and staff testing alarms which I understand but why they have to talk to each other at top of their voice?

Good place for takeout......."
"Poutine might be the perfect drunk food... but it might not be a good idea for a half drunk cannot think clear poutine rookie to order here.

In my moment of weakness and my Yelp poutine expert friend on his washroom break, I randomly ordered a ""Ducked Up"" poutine which is Poutine Dare to Be Fresh seasonal special.

I have to admit it was all my fault, I didn't read the description till now:

""Our Classic Poutine Topped with Lean Pulled Duck Meat, Caramelized Onions Kissed with a Sweet Orange Marmalade""

The sweet, sour and savoury combination definitely not working. Sadly even the Classic Poutine base was off without the use of real cheese curds and there were barely any cheese strings. The fries itself was pretty good though.

I guess I should have stayed with the Classic Poutine from now on. 

We packed the leftover to go and sadly it was still sitting at the back of the fridge... I guess it is not so fresh anymore.."
"When I enter into the Belle De Provence, the store really remind me of L'Occitane en Provence for products and concepts. 

The interior and packaging is more toned down than L'Occitane. A French countryside chic with all white and bright decoration VS the lavenderish decorations of L'Occitane.

I tried their hand cream but I don't really like their way it feels... but sometimes it is so personal.

It is a nice store to browse around and maybe you can find some unique gifts for your loved one!"
"3 Star + 0.5 for having 1/2 price wing special on Tuesdays!

Tuesday 1/2 Wings with purchase of a drink and Raptors Game 5! 

We ordered 2 orders of wings (Mild and Spicy). I like how crispy the fries was and how spicy spicy was. Because of the spiciness, my 2 friends opt out and I ended up eating the whole order by myself... Sweet!

Padak Half Chicken Boneless. You better love green onions. I do wish for more green onions and a little more sauce. But it was quite delicious. Some pieces were a little dry because I do prefer dark meat.

The side dish were so so aside from the pickled radish. The salad was drown in Thousand Island Sauce and the peanuts was stale. Just a note, if you order Wing Specials, you won't be getting any side dish.

When we walked in, all tvs were showing Blue Jays! We asked the waitress can the channel be changed to Raptors Playoff game, she said it would be fine but I need to tell her what channel?!"
"Ideal Coffee does have this old charm of a coffee bar that has been around for so so long and no one knows how long it has been...

For sure the process of waiting in line to order your coffee really sucks because this place is so small. People has to be share the small, narrow hallway while they wait in line with people going in and out. With only 1 barista managing the whole shop really slow down the whole process! (thanks for my friend who waited in line for me, while I enjoying the nice weather out in the patio doggie watching and people watching!)

The cappuncino I ordered was A-OK. with nice milk foam.. a little strong roasting taste... hmmmmm... so joyable when looking out of the window at the falling leaves on a nice sunny Autumn day.

Indie Coffee Passport is so welcomed!"
"This is a tiny Vietnamese restaurant that is tucked in a small strip mall across from Markville Mall.

This place is runned by Vietnamese/Chinese.. because they all speak vietnamese within themselves..

I dropped by for their all day combo - spring roll/salad/small special beef noodle for $6.99.

The noodle soup in fact is quite good... The broth is clear with nice aroma. The noodles are really tiny cut..one of the tinest I have... The only complain I have is the rare beef is really really cook...

The spring roll is more a vegetarian version. The wrapping is more like those Cantonese  type. But the stuffing is good.. with a lot of yam..(ok just because I like yam...) 

But  the salad is drowned in Kraft type Ceasar salad dressing.. (that is a little strange. I think they should use more vietnamese type dressing with fish/vinegarette based and it will be much better). If you do order this special, ask them to put the dressing on the side.....

This is a good place if you want to hop in for a quick lunch since there is not big crowds here as there are no daily lunch special.

CASH and Interac only!"
"$6.99 for sushi lunch at Uoshiki? I am not complaining!

Cheap sushi fix and it is quite decent too! Good fish selection!

If you not into sushi, there are other cooked item to choose from Ramen, Udon, Bento Box. They even have good vegetarian combo too.

Just shut up and eat!

Lunch Special till 4 pm comes with Salad, Soup and Dessert (pudding, yogurt or ice cream)

Grand Opening 10% off with cash payment.. AYCE menu available.

Really $6.99 and 10% off for my lunch...."
"It was 3 am on a Saturday.

Hungry and in need for a snack. I was glad to find Joe's Panini using my Yelp App.

Opens 24 hours!

It was just packed inside with hungry post party goers all in a good mood.

My Philly Cheesesteak Panini for around $5 did take awhile to be ready but definitely worth the wait!"
"Maybe I came here with high expectation after reading all these 4/5 star Yelp reviews. Or Maybe because I was here for brunch instead of a full dinner experience?

Farmhouse Tavern was A-OK but not memorable. Definitely not somewhere I would make a special trip back unless I am in the area. But there are other options in the area?

I do love the set up and the casual vibe of this place. Wait staff is nice and friendly! Love the mismatch everything and the barn like feel.

We shared:

BLT ($14)
Mother and Child Reunion ($15) - Poached, fried duck eggs with duck prosciutto
The duck eggs was well prepared with the yolk still oozing out! 

The local sourced ingredients definitely fresh!

Cote Du Boeuf for $120? or Maybe some Foie Gras? And of course some crafted beer? That might be a total different experience!"
"King Dragon Cuisine, opened recently at Commerce Gate does have an interesting dim sum menu.

This location used to be Commerce Gate Dynasty and King Dragon did a complete renovation and it looked totally different from the previous business. A lot of glossy marble, sparkling crystals and more lighting.

We were here for dim sum, as it is 10% off with complimentary tea. There are some interesting dim sum items on the menu and we ordered a few to share:

Pork Dumpling w/Scallop (L)
Barbecued Pork Bun (S)
Abalone w/Chicken Meat Pastry ($3.90 each)
Truffle w/Shrimp Dumpling ($2.90 each)
Creamy Coffee Pudding (S)
Durian Pudding (M)

Overall the dim sum are of good quality. I would be back for more.

Cleanliness and attention to details though need some work. The plates were kind of dirty with a gluey film on top and one of the bowls has some leftover bean sprout in it??! The staff that set up the table should have caught those... dirty dishes are just gross!!

For dinner, you can order a 4 headed abalone for $750. I might have to pass on that for the time being.

Apparently the Chef used to work at Lai Wah Heen, so you might find some of the similar offerings."
"Meh. I've experienced better compares to other transit systems in other big cities around the World. But TTC is not too bad. I had some of my friends from NYC area commenting how clean the train itself and stations were. I guess as long as you are near the major subway lines without using the buses and streetcars that often, your experience might be different?

I do like what TTC had been doing recently. New trains for the Yonge Subway lines, the new smartphone apps that allow you to purchase Day pass using credit card payment (I really hate lining up at the booth especially at Finch Station trying to get a day pass on weekends!), Free wifi at various Stations, the ability to use Presto card as form of payment...

Unplanned Service interruption definitely not fun: either due to emergency or mechanical malfunction. TTC does not really have a really efficient plan to due with emergency and as the major mode of transportation, when the main Subway is down, you are not going to get to anywhere but to wait or trying to squeeze yourself on one of those shuttle buses.

Everything seems to take forever to build. I hope I will still be around when all levels of government decide what to do and how to implement the future transportation plan and if they ever agreed on one?! 

Fee increasing every year without improvement in service......

Streetcars and Bus just so unreliable. A few times I was waiting for Queen Street Car which according to schedule text message stating there would be 3 of those arriving in 10 minute apart. I waited for 20 minute... not even 1 shown up!!! I ended up walking to Osgoode Hall Station and by the time arrived, still no sight of any......"
"I would not say Bow Thai Restaurant is an Authentic Thai restaurant. But more a reasonably priced neighbourhood restaurant.

Portion size is good and you get good value for your money. Small family owned and managed.

Th usual pad thai and curry both pretty solid choice."
"Cafe 260 is kind of in a strange neighbourhood.. I will never venture out to this area if not for the Indie Coffee Passport! 

I do find the cafe itself really cozy.. dim and soft ""gallery"" like lighting... 

The Cappuccino itself is not bad... not as strong what I like.. more milky but I drank it like a Caffe Latte. 

Like those armchairs and the stylish side table for my coffee. 

Free Wifi.. and the password is written on the chalkboard. The washroom is outside make sure you ask for the key..

Cafe 260 is a nice cafe to relax with a cup of coffee.. and I just have this little smile on my face when I walked out of the door."
"I was surprised that Koyoi was quite busy when I popped in just a little before 6 pm. On this awful rainy day, why all these people doing here??

Happy Hour... Deal... Value... Tue to Thu between 5 pm to 6 pm if you order a drink, you get Udon, Koyoi Salad, Karaage, Beef Tataki and Beef Tongue for $5.

Wednesday Night is also their Tontoku Ramen Night as I saw a few people ordered that. 

My Ramen took more than 20 minutes to arrive and I ate that in 5 minute....... as it was quite small in portion.

The Ramen has a great sweet and rich broth, I guess that's the star. The noodles is the wavy type and cooked al dente. Yes this plain Tontoku Ramen is just Ramen with some preserved vegetables as garnish with a jar of pickled ginger on the side and half an egg cost $13.99!!! (This is NOT a typo!)

I think I will stick with Happy Hour Specials next time.. I will be a lot happier!!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience.

Kinnaree Thai is a new Thai restaurant right across from Parkway Mall. This used to be Thai Angel, which I also had lunch before it closed down.

Lunch Special Menu offers Weekday till 3:30 pm with 28 different selections from $6.95 includes Mango Salad or Soup plus a veggie spring roll.

Pad Thai Chicken ($7.95) with Mango Salad
- Huge Plate of Mango Salad with fresh Thai basil, coriander and crushed peanuts seasoned with just the right amount of fish sauce.. sweet and savoury the same time 
- I can hear my Pad Thai freshly stir fried in the kitchen... fresh and yummy.. especially the fried tofu... the chicken breast though healthy but I am never a fan of that
- Even the spring roll tasted so good...

I was the only customer at Kinnaree Thai for a late lunch.. So I have no complain about the service. But I think they definitely tried to be detail oriented as even my water is lemony.

28 different lunch specials? I think I need to come back to try something else next time... Maybe some Massaman Seafood with Rice?!

Halal friendly and 10% Grand Opening discount on regular menu!"
"I came to have lunch at Takara Bune with no expectations. Maybe that's the reason why I am so pleasantly surprised!!

Lunch Specials  from 11:30 AM to 5:00 PM. Talking about long lunch break!! 

Different daily special for $5 to $6! Talking about value?!

And for me, my choice is always sushi!

Sushi Lunch ($10.95) comes with miso soup and salad exceeded my expectation. Nice balanced Shari rice, crunchy seaweed rolls and fresh fish. The only complain is the portion...

Free WIFI! 

Friendly service!

No plastic plates are used... I hate those plastic everything in some of the Japanese restaurants! Here only nice ceramic table wares!

Value not equal to CHEAP!

Accepts all credit cards!

I will be back!"
"Love'in Noodle is another noodle focus restaurant that open up in the area.

You better loves noodles as there is no other choice but noodles and maybe some side dish to go with your noodles.

Interesting items including Vegetable Noodles that made with pumpkin, spinach and even dragon fruit. But since this is my first visit, I ended up ordering my favourite, an item that has 3 chili rating by it's side. Szechuan Spicy Noodle Soup ($6.99)  重慶小面.

Portion size was great for a small. The Signature Spicy Broth has an undertone of sweetness with just a medium level of spiciness. But overall quite satisfactory. 

Teriyaki Squid Skewer ($1.99) was tender but seriously lack seasonings.

Service was really friendly and attentive. Sadly I could not speak or understand that much Mandarin when the staff asked me what I think of the food. But good effort from the Management for new business.

Cash Only"
"Located in the center atrium of Markville Mall... A brand new Starbucks in this area.

Right across from the brand new Apple store. This maybe a new location for me to chill out or meet up with friends. 

Setting though limited inside but there are also tables set up right outside near the huge skylight."
"Great Lakes Brewing Company has always been on my list of breweries I wanted to visit. 

The neighourbhood was dark and quiet when we arrived after our Cavaliers game but the pub was busy and hopping!

We sampled some Pub Exclusive which only available at the actual Brewery:

Red Right 88
Cleveliner Weisse
Ohio City Farmhouse
Rye-O-Rye Can't We Win Orange and Brown

Mash Appeal (Collaboration with Oskar Blues and Lagerheads) Beer for Beer Week 2015

Service was super friendly. I love the selection on taps which changes seasonally.

Great place for beer lovers and as a neighourhood pub to chill with your friends."
"I have urges for Home made Meat Balls Sandwich ($6.25) and I am excited that Cucina Locale, a new Italian sandwiches and pizza place opens in my neighborhood. 

Menu is simple, great for a quick bite anytime of the day.

Messy with tomato sauce dripping everywhere...in a good delicious way. Meatballs were nice and moist inside a warm toasted bun. The tomato sauce has this nice aroma without being over salted which I hated.

Toppings aside from hot pepper which is free, cost $1 or so extra.

Fresh ingredients and friendly service.  I will be back!"
"With all the yelpers praising Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu, I finally went to experience it on a Saturday evening!

I ordered Extra Spicy with beef, pork and kimichi.  The extra spicy is good.. spicy enough for me but not overwhelming. I were stuffed full and could not even finish everything! I really enjoy the purple rice with the beans in it. 

The price is reasonable and the food is delicious. That is always a winning combination!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"Good place for lunch!!

Lunch special starting from $4.99 all served with a lemon drink.
9 different choices. You can supersize the order! Just let them know.

A family runned and owned business. The owner is there serving the customers, she always greet me with a big smile and a warm welcome.

The grilled pork chop is really good there too. The pork is really tender and juicy and never dried.

Has some authentic vietnames entrees that are only available during weekend!

CASH only!"
"Spicy Hot Chocolate ($3.50) on a cold winter day...mmmmm..heavenly! 

Ambiance Chocolat is small cute chocolate shoppe.. the store owner so friendly and nice, welcoming me in on a cold winter afternoon. 

The hot chocolate here is rich, creamy and oh so fattening.. in a good fulfilling way, worth every calories and no skim milk please!"
"It may not be a good time to visit Reesor Farm Market when it is between seasons.... Pumpkin are not ready to harvest yet.. and the only thing they have are corns and some vegetables.

If you are looking for baked goods or gourmet products, there are not too many, I would suggest you drive up to Reesor Farm Kitchen instead."
"I love Fairview Mall! 

Not because their shopping experience are so exceptionally good, but definitely it has been striving to improve themselves and now is one of the best mall in the area.

The hours here are awesome!! Saturday nights it is opens till 8 PM!! That's the only shopping centres in the area has such extensive hours.

With Don Mills Station right at the door of Fairview, it really make it really convenient. Not only for you to get there.. but in case if your ride is late, you can always browse around the Mall instead just waiting boringly at Park and Ride.

Even as a driver, it is right at the intersection between 404 and 401 really makes it a convenient location.

The new restaurants that opens up facing Sheppard also makes Fairview a to go place on weekends as you will find places for a good drinks and late night bites. Almost all the restaurants have a patio of some kind... especially good in the summer.

Stores wise: good selections.. of both higher end and mid end stores.. Love  Aerie... 

Fairview Mall definitely worth a 4 star reviewing!!"
"Harvey's is the usual burger fast food joint I frequent if I want something fast and decent.

Today was the first time I visited this location and I was not disappointed. Even during lunch rush, everything was really organized. All the staff working happily together and pumping out food from the kitchen.

The cook single handed fed the lunch crowd and I watched how he worked so well under stress. 

Onion rings though not as crispy and fresh as I would prefer. Maybe I should get fries just like what everyone were ordering."
"I don't use Go Transit that often, might be once a month but I always has a good experience.

My bus always been on time! Seriously on time! 

The bus spacious and clean. 

I also been taking the Express bus from Richmond Hill to Toronto Pearson and back. 

A little pricier than other transportation options but well worth the price!"
"Ottoogi was not even busy at all .. 4 tables? and I wait so long for my food..

as every minute passed by.. I kept minus the rating ... maybe even to a 1.5 star and swear never coming back again.

But my Mul Naeng Meun ($6.99)  buckwheat cold noodle is so nicely prepared. While I am eating that, I feel the love and care that lady in the kitchen put in cooking my food.

If you have the patient.. and if you want to have good Korean home cooking, I will definitely recommend coming to Ottoogi.

Price here is so reasonable starting at $6.99 and $1 cheaper during lunch time. 

And of course, nothing beat sharing a Yeng Yong Tang (Goat Meat Spicy Hot Pot) with your friend when outside is freezing!!"
"Another new Vietnamese restaurant just opened up a few weeks ago right across from Vaughan Mills.

The decoration here is nice and chic. You won't be entertained by CP24 while you wait for your food but instead you will be listening to soothing instrumental music.

Open Kitchen concept and with a really socialable chef who even come out from the kitchen serving the food and talking to the customers. But I was here on an afternoon for late lunch.

Summer Roll ($3.49) and Pho with Rare Eye Round, Flank, Brisket, Balls and Tendon ($7.99) both exceptional well prepared using good quality ingredients. The dipping sauce was served warm with a tangy taste of apple wih hoisin sauce. The pho topping: especially the flank and tendon were just melt in your mouth soft. 

Price is though relatively high for the smaller portion but you really paying for the quality.

I will be back to try Chef's Special Phnom Penh Noodle Soup or maybe even Angus Steak Vietnamese Style next time. And even a Flan Cake for dessert.

Btw, the Chef is also a great photographher as all the photos in the menu is taken by him!"
"I know I am bias....

I walk into Au Pain Dore and I know I love it even before laid my eyes on their pastries and baked goods.

That smell... that devilish buttery smell... that fresh from oven smell....

Then the staff smiles at me saying ""Bonjour! What can I do for you...."" 

It starts with just a croissant ... anything else... coconut marcoons.. that's it...

Apple turnovers looks good...

Let's have some Artisan bread to go with the pate and the goat cheese and the cured meat from Marche Jean-Talon.

That's it! Are you sure?

The staff just keep smiling..... Silly tourist..."
"No, I did not win the lotto as yet. Ultra High End pricing at Update TV & Stereo does carries high end stereo equipment for your entertainment pleasure.

This location is quite nicely set up as it is located inside a building that used to Old Unionville Congregational Church, built by Casa Loma architect E. J. Lennox  in 1895. The interior is spacious and open. 

There are quite a selection of equipment which is great components for audio and home theatre set up: amplifiers, receivers, speakers and TVs 

Do some research first then go into the show room to listen to the equipment before buying Sale representative is helpful and eager to give advice."
"I believe in 2nd chance and here I am having lunch at Sushi Aoi ordering the same lunch special item I had last time which was over 2 years ago!

Sushi Combo B ($15)
The different is just day and night! The fish selection is above average and the shari rice has a nice bounce to it. There is even a 2 piece of aburi sushi. 

Tempura Shrimp Bento box ($12)
The batter is light and crispy. Shrimps though only 2 pieces are fresh and sizable. 

Now I can't wait to come back to Sushi Aoi to try out other items and even come for dinner next time!"
"If you ever see anything in a Asian/Chinese Restaurant  that you think OMG so cute, I wish I have that at home! You will probably find it at Tap Phong Trading Company.

It will take hours for me to browse through everything. And I know there will be something neat I would lke to buy everytime when I am here. (talking to myself, ""I have anything I need! I don't need anything!"")

I think the quality and selections here is much better than dollar store and it is more fun shopping here because the experience is more unique.

Will my cooking skill improve if I drop by here more often looking and touch every kitchenwares in the Tap Phong?"
"There are only 2 La Senza Outlet Stores in GTA: Heartland in Mississauga and Brook Road in Pickering. 

I had been shopping at this Pickering location for years when it was not even officially an outlet store. 

I like everything is really organized by size and selection. I never need to hunt bargains by going over bins and bins of stuff that's not even my size! Bras and lounge wear going for $9.99 or so and there always tons of sizes!

Staff always helpful as they always ask every single customer that walked in if they need any help.

All sales are final, no refunds or exchange. There is ample change rooms to try on items before buying."
"Richmond Court Restaurant surprised me, it is a lot better than I expected.

We are dining with a vegetarian friend and they are quite accommodating. I requested the Sweet and Sour Vermicelli meatless version ($7.99)  and the set lunch Mixed Vegetables in hot pot which comes in Chinese soup/rice ($7.99).

The noodle dish is huge, not oily at all and taste really good. The vegetables has different varieties of vegetables and serving piping hot. The mushrooms are nice and big and ""meaty""!

What we ordered is enough to feed 3 of us with leftover! 

I would be back for lunch again at Richmond Court Restaurant or even dinner."
"3 star with 0.5 star for excellent service

Lunch Special at Sushi Aoi is decent with selection of both Korean and Japanese offering. I really enjoy their friendly and attentive service.

Sushi Lunch Combo B ($14) with 9 pcs of nigiri sushi and 6 pcs of maki sushi
The fish varieties was quite good. The California maki roll though was rolled really loosely. Just beware there is no wasabi in any of the pieces. As this is more like a Korean than a Japanese sushi restaurant.

The waitress was really nice and even offers me a spicy crab hand roll to try. And of course I was so full after eating all these (salad, soup, noodle).

I would be back for lunch and try out some of the cook dish next time."
"Mylk Uncookies is a really feminine and bright coffee shop...... bright and cute and lovely! :) 

Barista is cheerful and my cappuccino was A-OK! 

Need more electric outlets as there is only 1 table that has electric outlet closed by... Me secretly hoping those people will be leaving soon! 

Relax and read a book? Mylk Uncookies does have this laid back vibe. 

Free Wifi just ask for the password..... 

But where can I plug my Ipod.. the battery is dying............. 

60 cents  for the homemade almond milk definitely worth a try!"
"You know there are days when I have only $4 in my pocket and I am hungry....

What can I get for $4 that let me have a complete and balance meal? Carbs, fibres and Protein all in one?

Go Go China has $3.99 tax in special... with over 20 different items to choose from! What do I get for my $4???

Chicken with Rice and Veggie and a choice of daily soup or soy bean drink ($3.99) 
- Chicken is tasty with mostly dark meat! A lot of flavours and really tender...
- Vegetables cooked well, not soggy has a nice bite
- Plenty of rice... you won't be hungry!!
- Daily Soup is pear soup, perfect for the hot weather

Where is Go Go China? 

It is inside the food court of Chartwell! 

But don't take your date there, unless you want to make an impression of how thrifty (cheap) you are!"
"Silent Movie! 

Fox Theatre is definitely a good venue to watch something so retro, traditional and vintage.... Fox Theatre is as vintage as the longest running theatre in Canada for almost a century!

The interior is nice and cozy. There is not even a bad seat in the house as even sitting at the back I have a good clear view of the screen. And the seating is surprisingly comfy.

Hopefully Fox Theatre would be around for a few more decades, it is a great alternative to those big box faceless theatres!"
"Armed with an address from a WagJag coupon I got a while back... I decided to go visit Charlinda Belgian Chocolates.

My GPS kept asking me to drive North North North... I passed Stouffville's Main Street and I still need to go more north?? Until I almost drove right down into Musselman's Lake...then I made a sharp turn and saw Charlinda Belgian Chocolates....

Cute storefront facing the lake.. with sitting up at the Roof top and right in front of the store. 

All their chocolate are hand made and you must try their icewine truffles... and of course all those cute shaped chocolates would have made any adults or kids happy! 

Call before you head over, as their hours changes all the time... You really don't want to drive all the way there and find out it is closed, especially if you come up during winter..."
"I have to say I will be quite biased with my review for Tea 168. I am NOT a fan of bubble tea or anything that is so sweet with artificial flavour when you can no longer call it a tea but a form of liquid sugar.

If I just rate Tea168 for it's tea, I would have given it 2*. But extra star is for the environment and the free WIFI access. The nice plushy sofa makes it so inviting to be a place to hang out and with free WIFI you can also post on yelp too!

I ordered the Winter Takeout specials milk tea $1.99 each with 16 different flavours to choose from includes seasame, papaya, peanut, coffee, banana, malt, coconut... I ordered Sesame Milk Tea with less sugar and it still tasted super sweet!! Maybe I am getting old.. Maybe the young people loves things that are super sweet...  Next time I might have to order with NO sugar!

So be warned. If you want to be a constant sugar high, packed on 500+ calories from drinking a milk tea.. go ahead..."
"- Plenty of parking
- Nice and cool to browse on a hot day
- Selections of beers are OK 
- Good Choices of VQA wines
- Find Izumi Sake here
- Staffs are friendly
- Spacious and Well layout store"
"Pho Mi 88 is another newly open Vietnamese Noodle restaurant in the area. 

The interior is nice and clean and staff is welcoming. 

The usual menu just like other Vietnamese restaurants so I ended up order a Small House Special Pho Noodle ($7.99) just like what I usually order when I want to try out other Vietnamese restaurants.

I can see how my Yelp friend would be rolling his eyes.. $8 for a Small!!!I guess this is kind of like the price point for most of the places in this area. Sadly, though the broth was served hot it was so bland tasting. Maybe one can argue that it has no MSG but tasteless watery broth was just off.

I might give them another try since it is unfair to base my experience just on one dish. But for now, Pho Mi 88 was just meh for me."
"I finally made it to Fabarnak for a late late late lunch... 3:30 pm?? 

Heard so much about it and I need to try it as one of those curious I want to try everything and be everywhere yelpers.. and I was not disappointed!

Me running into the restaurant with my pink umbrella with hungry in my eyes: You still have the Square box lunch? Can I have one?
Nice Waiter: Do you know what's in it?
Me: No, just give it to me! I am hungry and I will eat anything! 
Nice Waiter: But I need to tell you what's in it before I can serve that to you..

I just love the idea of having different lunch specials everyday and everything are locally sourced and  thoughtfully prepared and all so delicious!

Services was excellent as my ""Nice Waiter"" came over my table and poured me my water/soda and making sure I am happy. 

Unfortunately, my ice cream dessert was melting even before I finish my salad... Maybe they should have served frozen dessert separately??

After eating my Square pegs box I do feel pretty good about myself... I ate healthy, I did not even Asian food for a change and I know part of the lunch money ($9) I spent on this meal would be doing something good...

Yes I will be back!! I going to take the subway and brave the weather to come and eat at Fabarnak again!!"
"A little too loud? A little too dark?

Service was slow... Until the 2nd waitress started her shift..

I just want a beer, a pre dinner drink?! The place kind of empty.. and still so hard to get a beer or 2? Maybe I should just fetch my own drink and ask my Yelp friend to tip me.

Ostrich heads lining up the wall kind of neat... wondering where I can get some ostrich wings? 

Great to take your date here because you cannot really hear each other and everyone looks better in the dark...."
"Sushi House Japanese Restaurant is located in New Kennedy Square at Kenndy just South of Hwy 7.

It is a small Japanese restaurant nestled around all these Chinese restaurants. You will barely notice it! And it is runned by Korean.

Lunch Specials here start from $7.95 with choices of both Japanese and Korean dishes.

The appetitizers that comes with the lunch set includes soup, salad, a whole plate of edamame and Korean noodles.

The set sushi I order is $9.95. The fish is fresh and tasty.

The service here is fast and friendly.

I will be back again to try out some of the Korean dishes they offer.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"I am not really fond of sweet sweet dessert or cake...  And today one of my coworker got this Filipino Purple Yam cake ($12.99) from Remely's for someone's birthday. 

The cake is so so so purple!!! And one bite I am in love!! I love yam.. yam dessert, yam icecream.. The cake has such a rich yummy yammy taste and full of flavour! So tropical tasting!!

The cake part of the cake has so much texture... but not heavy... oh so heavenly!

And there are fresh fruits on top!  and the price so reasonable!

Sorry I should have took the photos before we eat the cake! I never imagine how good it tastes!

YES I want one of those for my birthday too!!"
"Step aside Dollarama! 

Ichiban Living in the basement level of Pacific Mall is now my to go place for ""Dollar Store"" merchandise. 

Everything here is $2 and 90% of the stocks are ""MADE IN JAPAN"". 

The selection and quality here is just amazing compares to other Dollar Store with merchandise for kitchen, bathroom, stationary, beauty and more. 

The store has 2 levels, so made sure you go down to the lower level to take a look."
"Oktoberfest celebration right at St Lawrence Market!

For 2 evenings, St Lawrence Market has transferred into a German Beer Hall. 

Free flowing beers from local: Creemore/Thornbury and from Germany/Poland/Belgium.

Traditional Oktoberfest entertainment and Agros' Cheerleaders are there to perform their routine.

All the participates seems to have a great time, including myself!

Hopefully there will be a Toronto Oktoberfest next October again!

Food choices though are limited, the warm beer nuts though quite enjoyable. 

Closing Session on Friday ended pretty early as it needs to be cleared out by 12:30 am......."
"This is one of the Five Plaza Premium Lounge located in Toronto Pearson Airport Terminal 1 Close to gate 177 for International Departure.

I was quite impressed with the food selections here as the hot plate: Curry Chicken and Vegetable Fried Rice was quite tasty. And of course they have soups, salad, sandwiches and other finger food too.

Self Served Bar: Wine, Liquors, Beer, Soft Drinks, Juices... anything you like.

Espresso Machine if you need to get your caffeine fix..

Free Wifi

Shower Facilities

The lounge itself was spacious with plenty of natural sunlight.

Admission without membership is $30+HST for 2 hours. 

Affiliated with Priority Pass and American Express which may resulted in complimentary or reduced fees access.

This is by far my favourite lounge in Toronto Pearson Airport."
"Richvale Library is way in the middle of a residential area...  It does feels and looks like one of those bigger houses surrounding it...

You won't find seas of laptop here... there are terminals at one of the corners for people to get online.. aside from that there are no Wifi??! 

Most of the patrons that visit Richvale is here to chill a bit, pick up a book some reading materials or for the story time and other programs that they organizes.

There is this nice open area with huge bay windows and armchairs... great to just get a book and read a bit and watch the world goes by...

Zzzzzzz"
"5:30 pm on Main Street Schomberg.  

Are we doing A day in Schomberg (2011, population of 2,321)? but everything seemed to be closed! Even Rona! 

The Schomberg Pub & Patio though is a decent place to chill out a little as their patio is nicely set up. You can even use it on a rainy day as they have a little canopy set up and covered some of the tables. Here you won't be get much people watching as the patio opens up into some woodland area. A cottage like setting!

Unsecured wifi but just like any old historical buildings, there are a lot of blind spot where the signal is really weak. I can barely get a signal from my own phone supplier up here....

Beer is the usual Rickard's, Creemore, Canadian... my Rickard's White ($6.25 tax in) though is nice and cool!

""END OF SUMMER BASH/HAWAIIAN LUAU - What better way to end the summer then LIVE Hawaiian dancers, roasted pig, live music and good times!!"" Hawaiian dancers in Schomberg?! I don't even have that in Markham!

I hope next time when I am in town, the weather will be nice and sunny so I can chill out on the patio a bit............."
"Sometimes I don't really trust my GPS. I want to ask ""Do you know where you taking me to??"" This is one of those occasion when that it use it sexy European accent to ask me to turn right into this industrial area....

Dr Laffa is one of those places you would not know unless you read about it somewhere else (Yelp) or your friend told you....

Busy place during lunch hour as I waiting for my lunch date to arrive... and the first thing she said I have to have the Shakshuka.... ""It is SOOOOO Good!""

Shakshuka is a breakfast/brunch dish or good as a hangover cure. Maybe she knows that I have a few beers the night before and I look like I just woke up. Shakshuka Special with Meguez Sausage ($9.99)... did make my tummy nice and warm... It tastes great with the fresh Laffa!! (btw it is complimentary!)

While waiting for my food, we were snacking on the free little plates of appetizer mainly pickled veggies.  Free refills are offered and no wonder my date was half full even before her Rice with Beans ($7.99) arrived.

Service here is exceptionally good... and pricing is reasonable for a Kosher restaurant especially if you can eat a lot of those Laffa... 

FYI, I can just eat those Laffa and be happy!"
"Helmutt's Pet Supply is a great compliments to Timmie Doggie Outfitter next door. 

Helmutt's is so much down to earth, selling basic everyday needs and supplies for your dogs. Not as glamorous and pricey but not everyone want designer stuffs or can afford them. 

Just love these little pet supplies stores compare to those faceless big box franchise places!"
"Swimming, Basketball, Full Fitness Centre

Tennis Courts, Soccer field

Water play area for the hottest summer day and a great play area for the kids

You are in luck if you live close to North Thornhill Community Centre!!

Even if you are not into sports and just want to chill, the set up here is more like a park with tons of green area, great for a walk in the evening!

During Summer, there are also free concerts in the amphitheatre. Great place to listen to some music with a full band and live performances!"
"Used to be good... But they changed owners and even their names are changed.

None of the dishes we ordered are up to par... the usual Kenny's Noodle's qualities.

I would not go back there!"
"The first time I had the pastries from Danish Pastry House was at their original Oakville location and I am IN LOVE!

Butter and Flaky. They are just so good.

I am just so excited that they are opening up more retail locations as pastries as good as these would just made the World a better place!

Of course, I still prefer their Oakville location as their pastries are made on site and never have issue of running out."
"Panera Bread at this Bathurst/Centre Street location I find it is much better than the one up at Yonge/16th.

Love the small booth seatings at the back of the restaurant. Basically, you can veg out here for the whole day with your laptop using their Free WIFI and drink your bottomless coffee ($2.09) from a mug!

I don't believe my eyes when I see 2 outlets for each ot the booth seatings! This is better than doing my work in a library! 

Panera Bread at this location may be the to go place for me with my laptop when I am in the area!"
"All libraries should have a huge ""Silent Study"" area like Pierre Berton Resource Library.

I was a little worry when I saw the High School across the street from the library and all these students hanging out in the front... I just want some peace and quiet when I go to library.. not to deal with screaming toddlers or teens. 

Even after school hour, this library feels like a library. Quiet and peaceful, even I was whispering.

The silent study area has the back has huge windows: floor to ceiling letting the natural sunlight filtering in....

Free Wifi! Electric outlets!

I can definitely hang out here for awhile..."
"This is such a glorious space!! 

Love the rustic feel, the beams, the walls and the flooring!

So spacious too! 

Alimento does make a great shopping experience if you are into Italian groceries!

Things for sure is on the more pricier side, especially compare to the Italian grocery stores I frequent.

Great to browse around and shop if you live in the area!"
"Ovo Rolo is specialized in traditional Egg Roll Cookies. Hand made freshly with dozen of flavours: original, black sesame, seaweed, poppy seed, ginger just to name a few.

The original one I got for $6/24 was quite good and quite pricey. I can basically finished the whole thing in 1 seating! But it is advisable to finish the cookies as soon as possible as there is no preservatives used as all.

The cookies itself is crispy, flaky and have a very intense egg flavour.....

I guess I need to go back and try out the Black Sesame flavour!"
"Sporting Life is a place I love to browse around and trying on clothes. They carries the latest fashions in ski jackets and down jackets.. both functional and stylish. Of course there is a price tag to match.

You can also found newest accessories for the sport persons as gifts and they are all of good qualities.

If you are into racquet sports, they do have demo racquets that you can sign out and try before you buy! I think that is an excellent service. 

The staffs here are all professional and friendly and the selections is just great! 

However, I usually go to the Sherway Gardens location though, since they have huge markdown all the time. But the staffs and the vibes are not as good as the Yonge Street location."
"Harvey's burgers always been my favourite fast food burger whenever I have a burger craving and just want something cheap and quick.

This location is conveniently located just east of 404 on Major Mac. 

The staff here always been nice and cheerful. All my requests always been honoured with a smile. Pickles and pepper on the side please!

The interior though a little dim during nighttime as I could barely see what I was eating!

Good location if you want burgers and your friend wants Swiss Chalet as it is sharing the same storefront so you can order both and eat that in the Harvey's eat in area!"
"I should not be yawning while writing another Starbucks' review since I am drinking the Bold of the Day.......

No, I have not been to every single Starbucks North of Steeles but is working on that.

The Electric outlets here are placed in really awkward places, you really need to look for them. They are hiding next to the shelves or beside the armchairs somewhere.. maybe I need to bring an extension cord just in case.

Staffs seems to be on caffeine high.. perky and cheerful just like me!"
"Yogurt Spoon has this super friendly staff!! I was greeted with cheers when I walked in this almost empty place on a Sunday evening...

Eager staff asking if I am a first timer..hmm as I looked confused and lost as usual...Then I said oh Self Serve?? so he knew I know what I am getting into..

10 fro yo choices on any given day.. yes choices makes my head spin... and yes selling by weight makes sure I don't get carried away!

Ended up I just mixed 3 different flavours of fro yo san toppings.. I am not into toppings.. but Yogurt Sppon offered here were extensive.. 

Enjoying my fro yo people watching through the floor to ceiling window overlooking Yonge Street was enjoyable. The fro yo itself was as enjoyable..."
"Markville Shopping Centre is the biggest centre in Markham. 

Years ago it is more like neighbourhood mall but recent years it is trying to revamp itself into more like a regional mall. 

New stores have been moving in like American Eagle, Banana Republic, BCBG, H & M just to name a few.

Big box stores like Walmart, Best Buy and Homesense/Winners helps make shopping at Markville an one stop experience as you can get almost anything you need here.

It is great to see that Markville Shopping Centre kept doing renovations, expanding and improving! Just make my shopping experience so much better!!"
"Naturally Raised Free Run Chickens which are happy, healthy and free from antibiotics, steroids and hormones. 

Union Chicken serving happy chickens that enjoyed a cage-free life. What's good for the chicken is good for us. 

Coming on a quiet evening. Service was attentive and I do love the vibe and decor of the restaurant. 

Just a note, a happy healthy chicken that exercise more than me is lean and mean. So don't be surprise to see how small a Quarter is. And when they are lean, the meat can be a little on the dry side. I suggest order at least a half, so you won't be as shocked as I was when I saw how small the portion can be.

Spit Fried Rotisserie Chicken was nice and moist especially it was a chicken leg. Uncle Ray's Fried Chicken which is a Buttermilk Breaded Boneless Thigh was nice and crispy. We also ordered Jalapeno Corn Bread with Chili Lime Butter, it was ok but probably won't be ordering that again.

Great spot to grab something light and have a beer, great selection from Ontario Craft Breweries in Tall Cans."
"The Falcon and Firkin is a decent neighbourhood local pub if you want to just chill with your friends and watch a game.

Nothing too fancy but is spacious enough so it never feel too crowded even on busy nights.

The beer selection is decent more than the usual Canadian or Coors Light. I never try the food aside from carrots and celery and fries but seems like they are standard overpriced pub food. 

There are also daily specials: $13 Pitcher, 65 cents Wings, $4.75 domestic pints..

I will always remember this pub as where I watched Leafs lost to Boston 7th game 1st round playoffs which will probably go down as the worst breakdown in the NHL playoff history...

The backroom has a huge TV which is good for groups.

Parking can be pretty tight! Seriously tight as the parking lot is so small and people are parking their cars all over the place. But the free municipal parking is just a few minute walk away."
"I need to confess..

I never have a Double in my life until last week at ACR Hot Roti & Doubles.

So this review is based on my first experience. It is really authentic? I don't really know but all I know that they are so affordable ($1.25) and I love curry and spicy food... and I just LOVE it!! And Chick Pea... I don't know why now I have craving for chick pea all the time? I think a certain yelper and his SO converted me. 

Curry Chicken Roti ($5.95)  on the other hand was meh... The curry chicken filling though is tender.. yes it is that nice brown meat. The roti itself is a little doughy and more curry sauces are needed.

Next time I just want to order 3 or 4 Doubles and stuff myself and I would be so happy!"
"3.5 star

Eating at Hot Mama Noi's Thai on the Fly does reminds me of my experience of eating Street food in Thailand.

Fresh simple ingredients made with attention and care just like how home cooking suppose to be. 

My Pad See Ew requested extra spicy was A-OK. Portion definitely on a smaller size but does have the great complexity of taste of fish sauce, soy sauce and of course chili!

Deco is really simple, just like those restaurants in Thailand that local people visit.

I disappointed Mama a little when I told her version is close but not as good as what I had in Thailand... but definitely more than good enough for a Toronto Thai restaurant in Pickering!"
"I know I deserve the best. And Lee Nam Jang serves one of the best version of Kkori Gomtang (Oxtail Soup) that is one of the item on the Korean Royal Court menu.

This is no ordinary soup (tang). It takes hours in preparation time and I just love the spicy version which is really rich and has such complex taste (spicy, salty and sweet at the same time).

Lee Nam Jang's Kkori Jim ($24.99) is definitely not cheap. But that's one of the thing I enjoy most every time I dine here. I just wish that there is more of everything.

Service here is friendly and the restaurant is clean. 

So when am I going again?!"
"My dog said this is one of the best place on earth, OK at least in Toronto.

Tom & Sawyer is a cafe where you can have a cup of coffee with your dogs.

Tom & Sawyer is a shop where you can pick up pet accessories.

Tom & Sawyer is a pet food shop where you can get food that prepares with love and finest ingredients.

My dog just went crazy for their cookies! When I see him happy and I am happy to! 

I think Rocky can't wait to take me here for coffee!"
"2.5 star

Charcoal and Salt is one of the numerous Korean restaurants in the Yonge and Finch area. There are definitely much better choices around after my experience here.

Bring a Korean speaking friend or if you speak the language or you are Korean might be the experience can be totally different.

There were zero service from the moment we stepped in, took forever to even get the menu, to order and when the food arrived we got served the wrong food from another table, tea cups also empty..

I want services!! Where is that BELL!!

If one argues maybe if the food is excellent, then it is worth going through all these nonsense. But the food is just similar to what the other Korean restaurants in the area.

Spicy Chicken on a Hot Plate ($9.99) and Beef Short Rib Soup ($9.99) are quite decent and well prepared. But definitely not the best I had.

I doubt I would be back to Charcoal and Salt again soon.. unless someone dragging me in and paying for my meals!"
"I love all the new CIBC branch. They all have similar design with the huge store front 2 storeys windows letting the natural light filter in.

This building used to be part of Canadian Tire before they renovated it to be one of CIBC's branches.

The inside is spacious and clean with nice waiting area. 

The one thing I love the most is their hours!!!

Open Weekends Saturday 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM and Sunday 12:00 PM to 4:00 PM.

Tons of parking and if you don't even want to park, they have a drive thru... great during winter time!!"
"I have been getting my beans from Social Coffee & Tea Company for years! This new location is much more spacious compares to their previous location just down the road https://www.yelp.ca/biz/social-coffee-and-tea-company-richmond-hill

A lot of potential for hosting cupping and tasting events at least for their main commercial buyers. 

They now carries a lot more coffee brewing equipment too! And an actual showroom.

I enjoy picking up my coffee and tea here instead of ordering them online."
"Love the family vibe at Lohas Cafe.

I came here to take advantage of their lunch offerings which includes a choice of hot or cold Taiwanese tea when you order an entree.

Food is homey and simple: a nice clean and home made taste. Just like eating in a small cafe in Taipei. 

We shared Donzai Noodles & Steamed Eggs and Popcorn Chicken with Rice. Both tasty and enjoyable.

Worth coming by if you want to have some down time or just chill with a friend. With the limited space and seating, I won't recommend for big groups."
"This is the 11th Anniversary of Scarborough Ribfest and this is one of the biggest one in the area.

12 Ribbers on site and basically there is no lines at all when I got there.

There are a lot of smaller vendors that has booths set up selling their goods kind of like a little market area.

The children play and rides area is huge with such a carnival vibes as the smell of cotton candy fills the air.

A beer tent at one side as Mill Street is one of the sponsors of the event. Their drafts are selling for $5.

If you drive a Honda, you will be in luck. As there is a designated VIP parking area for your Honda vehicles, the closest area to the event right at the entrance of the parking area!"
"Inada does offers affordable lunch options. From $4.99?! that includes soup, salad and dessert?! Inada does offers dirty cheap lunch...,

There are choices of Sushi, Tempera, Teriyaki, Udon on the menu to choose from so everyone would get something they enjoy.

Complimentary soup is fish soup, which was different to the usual miso soup is quite good. Salad is decent with a nice gingery dressing 

S4 Inada Special ($6.99) and a side order of Salmon Maki ($ 1.65) 
- Spicy Salmon Sushi (2), Flying Fish Roe Sushi (2) and California Roll
- At this price point, the fish was fresh and most of the rolls are nicely made 

Mango yogurt as dessert was ok.. because it is free?!

The deco is modern and nice, love the high ceiling. Service is friendly and attentive.

Definitely good choice in the area if you are looking for a affordable lunch experience. Seems like a lot of the seniors in the area are here to enjoy a leisure lunch!"
"I come to Destiny Tea Cafe after the cockroach incident... so I am going to review it based on how it is now..

The place is nicely decorated and it is huge. We came on a Monday early evening so the place is not busy. I do like those round booth seating, they are quite comfy and relaxing.

They did mixed up our hot tea orders.. and they never come until we ask someone to check on that.

Fellow yelper did manage to get 2 for 1 chocolate cake.. that is an extra 0.5 star for that. The cake is store bought and it is not too sweet and quite delicious.

I might come back if my friend wants to come..but Destiny Tea Cafe for sure not my usual hang out joint!"
"Free open wifi and ton of outlets! 

Maple Library though may not be modern and chic but still a great place to just chill and get some work done. 

Noise level can be a little high because of the acoustic of the cave like space. 

Furniture looks depressed and worn out... Maybe it is time for an update? 

If you want some privacy, there are some private cubicles on the left. A better option than the communal tables. 

Plenty of parking...."
"Golden Flower Cafe is one of the numerous Hong Kong Style Cafes in the Richmond Hill area.

I think eating at Hong Kong Style Cafes so much do make me cheap and so value concisous!!

Such a good place for late lunch or early afternoon tea because their afternoon tea specials ($3.50 and up) starts at 2 pm over 20 items to pick from.

My Fish Ball Noodles with drink ($3.99) is A-OK! Right portion to fill me up but not stuffing me full. Just wish they put in some veggie in the soup then it will be perfect!

The ladies working here are all nice and cheerful, seems like there are a lot of regulars coming here.

CASH only!"
"Trust me, it is not easy to find a coffee/cafe place in Scarborough that is not Starbucks or Second Cup or Tim Horton of a bubble tea place.

I just want to go somewhere where I can get a cup of decent freshly made cappuncino and drink it NOT from a paper cup... Cafe Mirage seems to be the only option....

Mind you the cappuncino here is not cheap $5 but you have the privileges of: 
- being served
- relaxed in nice comfortable seatings
- free WIFI
- drinking from real glasswares

The iced Cappuncino ($4.50) I ordered was ok... not the best I have since it taste more like milk with just a hint of coffee.

I might come back if I am in the Scarborough area..since there are nothing really compatiable in the area.

They accepts all credit cards."
"Pachuco is my kind of place...Dark, Cozy, Intimate, Small, Personal 

Wonderful Service.. Awesome Food!

Margarita Sampler $15 for 3 flavours... Great for people like me that could not make up their mind.. even so, I still could not make up my mind!! With the help of my waiter, I ended up having Original, Spicy Mango and Spicy Cucumber... The cucumber is so refreshing... and delicious... and I feel healthy drinking. All three I had are all so tasty and balanced!!

Tacos... what should I have for tacos... I wish I can have a Taco Sampler just like the drinks.. but I am out of luck... So  I decided on the Baja Fish Taco ($15)... The batter is a little heavy but still really good! And thanks for my waiter in bringing me their secret house prepared extra spicy chili.... 

Dessert though is a little disappointing...My Sweet Corn Torte ($7) lacks flavour... and sweetness...I don't think I would order that again...

I'll be back... I still have another 9 different Margarita flavour to try out and of course the Duck Confit Taco... :)"
"The T&T Supermarket inside the Promenade Mall is the first T&T location in the GTA area. 

I also find it is not as nice as the newly opened one. The main problem is the aisle is so narrow. It is so hard to push your shopping carts around without bumming into everything!

Aside from that, it is still as good and busy as the other T&T locations! I love to shop here when I am in the area."
"Moxie's Classic Grill at Fairview Mall is a great place to go and have a drink and meet up with friends after shopping! 

4 stars for drink 
- Mango Mojitos ($5.99 +1.50) which I supersize taste great!! One of those girly, fruity drinks that tastes like mixed juice and get you drank before it is too late! P.S. I did not get drunk because I just ordered one. 

3 stars for food 
- Crab and Scallops cakes ($10.99) tasted ok. But I found there are not too many crab meat inside, most of them are fillings 
- The Burger with aged-cheese ($10.99) , (yes I eat burgers too) The beef patty is nicely charcoaled tastes quite moist and has a lot of flavour. Extra charge $2.99 for sweet potato fries. They are just perfectly done, crispy outside soft inside. 
- Side Mushrooms ($5.99) tasted great!! It served on a hot skillets and you can tell they are freshly made with garlic and a squeeze of lemon. 

2.5 stars for service 
- I really don't like waitstaff trying to upsell us with everything! I just want something simple.. and don't ask me if I want a chipotle dip if you going to charge me extra without telling me... 
- Ask for napkins, never get any! 
- my tablemate has a refill of chocolate milk for 6 times for $3 a pop, and while my water was never refilled! 

3 stars for decorations 
- I love the round booth seatings. The way the table set up does give one quite a bite of privacy. At least I don't know who is sitting on the next booth or what they order. 

If you want predictable meals, Moxie won't disappoint you. Good place to drop in for drinks and take advantages of the daily drink specials!"
"There are quite a few Filipinos take out places along Sheppard and Remely's seems to be the best and cleanest of them all.

We usually order spring rolls, Filipinos noodles, pork/chicken skewers and fried banana. The price is good and the portion is big.. $4 can get you a box stuffed full of Filipinos noodles!

I do suggest stay away from the Spaghetti.. It is a strange spaghetti in a red sweet sauce (I can't taste any tomato in it) with hot dog...... hmmmm

I love the spring roll though!! They are little mini ones and I can eat 6 in a roll and more... 

I love their Halo Halo with yam ice cream..It tasted so tropical  ( I know it is fattening but it is so addictive too!)"
"Though this location is way smaller than their Queen Street location, I prefer the Summerhill location more.

No seating at all so it is more like and in and out  experience and going oh and ah on those lovely maracons!

There are also some pastries: cakes and tarts and of course chocolate!

My Matcha and Pistachio maracons definitely as good as I remembered great texture and flavour and not overly sweet. 

I love the deco and vibe. The brick wall give the shop a warm and rustic feel.

Close to Summerhill Subway Station makes this location really convenient!"
"A certain yelper sent me to The Uptown Tea Lounge which was just opened for less than 2 weeks prior to my visit... Everything here is clean and fresh...and the staffs are super nice. 

Tea selections wise is decent... most of the teas are priced from $5 to $15 for 50 gram. The nice thing about The Uptown Tea Lounge is they are selling sample scoop package so you can just have a taste and those are great for stocking stuffers for your tea loving friends! (someone reading this?) 

For staying in to enjoy a pot of tea... they are starting from $5 per pot... served brewing in one of those Teaze tea infuser- made with medical grade Eastman Trita. 

The good thing is of course you can smell every single type of tea before you order! :) I like the detail descriptions of all the tea in their menu so great if you are a tea novice. The staffs here are really friendly too and trying to give you some suggestions. 

I ordered Oolong Milky Way ($6) to stay 
- ""A unique Oolong from China with high ""sweet milk"" notes mingling with impeccable orchid hints to create a long smooth lingering finish. A milk lovers delight!"" 
- It is really intriguing and different to experience Oolong tea with this heavy body and hint of milky taste... finish is quite silky and smooth 

I got a sample scoop of Black Tea. Lychee Rose buds ($2.50) to go 
- ""A deliciously sweet tea smooth and cooling with the floral hint of rose to create a refreshing brew and the sweetness of lychees to awaken your taste!"" 
- Remind me of summer and lychee jello.... fruity and strong... 

The Upper Tea Lounge also serves Afternoon Tea $26 for 2 which is quite reasonable. And for sandwiches and wraps with $2 extra you get a pot of tea with tea matching too. 

OH and Crepes... Crepes.. I have to be back for their Crepes!!"
"Is Burrito Bandidos serving the BEST burrito in Toronto?? I don't know.. since I am no Burrito expert and I have to base my review on my limited experience.

Unfortunately, my favourite Halibut Burrito ($9.29) only comes in Large... and no one is going to share that with me since I am alone... Yes it is sizable and I was full after eating that!

The fish itself was really tasty, pan fried to golden crisp outside. The only complaint I have was the tortilla itself was toasted so brown, it tasted bitter and burnt.

Music was way way way to loud. Hard for the customers and cashier to communicate. While I was ordering, I felt like I don't understand a word what she was saying or I am just deaf!"
"I remember the last time I stepped inside this building...it used to be Ferrovia Italian Restaurant... That's explain why all these flagged stone and Italian tiles on the floors and the walls.

Of course now Bamiyan Kabob took out all the chic furnishing, shutters, chandeliers it looks like more of a fast food joint.

Nothing wrong with a fast food as long as it tastes good and reasonable priced. And Bamiyan Kabob is just that... Order your food...Wait for your number.....Pick up your food...Enjoy.

Tikka Wrap ($5.29)
- The Beef Tenderloin is cooked Medium Well with just a hint of pink is surprisingly moist and tender
- Extra Spicy can be a little bit for spicy but the sauce is quite tasty
- love the idea of a wrap as I can eat my lettuce, tomato and red onion at the same time as a quick lunch

One thing I have to give Bamiyan Kabob credit is though it is a ""fast food"" joint concept, at least you get real plate and cutlery... I just hate using plastic knife and eat on Styrofoam plate.

I do smell like smoke and meat after eating here... If you do eat in, stay far far away from the kitchen!"
"I am glad that I purchased a Groupon to eat at 398 West.. because this place is pricey for the quality of food and services they offered and being a Kosher restaurant, some people may pay premium in order to dine here.

We ordered:
The Caesar salad ($12)  -  fresh and nicely presented
The Lamb Shank ($38)  - is a little dried and the sauce is a little salty... I do like they put grilled yams as the side veggie.. since I love yam. I do have a lot better tasting lamb shank in other restaurants
Complimentary Sushi Roll - cummber and salmon.. they are ok... 
Hot Sunkissed roll ($17) - the fish are fresh and nicely presented..

398 West is quite busy on a Monday night.. the place is more than half full even at 9  pm.

The only complain I have is our server was really occupied... he was busy setting up tables so he can get off early when his sections need his services and attentions! A lot of time when I visit nice and fancy restaurant because I enjoy attentive services beside enjoying good food.

I don't know if I will come back if I going to pay full prices.

3 stars for the food
1.5 stars for the services

They accepts all credit cards."
"3.5 Star

I love anything matcha. So I was excited to try out what Nohohon Tea Room offers.

Calling this a tea room is a little deceiving as it is more like a takeout place, so don't expect to leisurely sipping your tea in a zen like environment. Nohohon Tea Room can be so busy at times with more than a handful of people waiting in line to order and waiting for their drinks.

Drinks are hit and miss, at least with the ones I tried. 

Tokyo Fog with Red Bean (Cold) - a tradtional combination which is really good,
Matcha Latte (Hot) - taste was balance and you can really taste the matcha 
Forano Field (Hot) - Skip! More like a waterdown milk with water, matcha/lavender both MIA
Matcha Caramel with Glass Jello (Cold) - Meh, 

I might try some other more matcha intensive drink next time: Hot Matcha Straight. And some other Yuzu drinks which should be quite refreshing.

Make sure you use your Vicinity Card to collect rewards points to redeem for free offers and drinks.

The owner and staff here are all so friendly and cheerful. True Japanese hospitality!"
"Chicken Doner Kebab Sanddwich ($6.49) is huge! Great for sharing! 

I asked for extra spicy and the staff did a really good job. My co worker who has a high tolerance of heat said ""oh so spicy!!

Now they have a little bar seat area at the front of the store if you want to eat in. 

Simple menu and fast service. Great to pick up something quick for lunch.

Goat Doner?! That will be next!"
"Love the set up and decor of Northern Maverick Brewing Co. 

The interior is just so welcoming. The bar area has awesome display of top shelf liquor (good collection of Bourbon). That looks promising for even non beer lovers to have a good time here!

I just want to have a beer flight so did not try the food. The beers they brewed on premises were ok and to style. Nothing really unique but great for everyday drinking. 

But having a good time is more than having a good beer. The bartender here is really nice and engaging. I feel like I am in the TV series Cheers. 

""Patio"" here is small, just an area on the side street facing Bathurst. 

Not a bad choice to have a quick drink if you are in the neighbourhood."
"Le Saint Bock has over 19 drafts on their white chalk board... what to drink?? 

I can't think properly when I am too excited, faced with too many choices: local Quebec beers from various microbreweries. 

I ended up just ordering by numbers... lucky number 17 and 19 at $4.13 each.

The low armchairs are quite comfy... and music quite loud... I can only see my friend's mouth moving but cannot hear a thing.....it is quite dark inside too and everyone looks good?! Maybe just a little too much to drink?

Waitress is super nice and ask if we need separate checks for our beers??"
"Lobster Roll and Crab Meat Fries Combo for $20 is not like a cheap eat from a take out pop set up by Fresh Off The Boat at Front Food Market, But I personally think it worth that price tag.

Eating my lobster roll as a sandwich was a little challenging as there were chunks of lobster from different part: tail, claw and body. I should not be complaining as there were a lot of ""meat"" and I love the buttery undertone. For the crab meat topped fries, I found it was just ok. I think I will order a full order of lobster roll next time and skip the fries.

Sadly there was only limited menu option at the pop up and I guess I have to go to the ""real"" location to try out their soft shell crab sandwich."
"I think the Sushi God has not been kind to me! Why every other yelp reviewers has experienced a 4/5 star in term of food quality, presentations and services, and I having a 2 star experience?

Maybe I am here during lunch? 

I almost have second thought when I saw that Yellow Sign ""Conditional Pass"" on I Zu Japanese restaurant.. but I already parked my car and I am hungry.

Lunch Sushi Set ($10.99)
- The fish on my nigiri sushi are all kind of dry... feels like they have been out in the open for awhile... and dull looking
- The maki rolls looks likes something I made at home... they are falling apart even on the plate... 

I am really confused... Maybe the usual sushi chef is on leave? Maybe it is almost 2 pm he is on his break?"
"I had a bad experience at Thai One On Kennedy and 14th location in Markham a few years ago. It took me years before I willing to give this franchise a try again. 

The deco is quite nice. Remind me of Moxie's and Milestone though the lighting is not as dim. And the booth seatings are really comfy. +0.5 stars

The server is really nice and cheerful. Checked on me a few times if everything is ok and how I enjoy my food +0.5 stars.

They do have a cheaper and more limited lunch menu. The Thai Chicken Noodle ($8.99) which I requested extra spicy is quite good. I have not prepare for its level of spiciness (cough cough cough!) The chicken is nice and tender with tons of bell peppers and onion.  The spiciness is from both fresh chili pepper and hot pepper paste. The generous use of basil leaves gives the dish a little more complexity in taste. 

My order took almost 15 minutes to arrive and I am the only one in the restaurant. But at least I know it is freshly stired fried as I can hear the kitchen chopping, wok banding away.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Amex."
"Nam Vietnamese Restaurant has a lot of potential and will do well in this area without other authentic Vietnamese restaurants, if they would just improves on a few things.

I love the decor of the restaurant which is quite unique compares to other restaurants. The staff is friendly and willingly to help but still need training and more serving experience.

Menu is small but they do have a few items that are not available from other Vietnamese restaurants in the area and those were well prepared: Bun Cha Hanoi ($12), Hu Tieu Nam Vang Dry ($9.90). Their Bun Bo Hue ($9.80) has a nice lemongrass and ginger broth.

Things to avoid: Spring Rols ($6). Those were the worse I ever ate. The wrapping was hard and chewy and there was hardly any fillings! 

Smoothies were quite tasty but the portion is small and presentation was not the most appealing.

Good luck to Nam and hopefully more improvement can be made so it would be my go to Vietnamese restaurant in Richmond Hill."
"I am easy.... easy to please?? 

Cafe Moka is a solid cafe for me to chill... 

Friendly and Nice Owner - Check 
Free Wifi - Check 
Organic Coffee - Check 
Great Selection of Loose Leaf Tea - Check 
Choices of Made to Order Sandwich - Check 
Comfy and Laid back Vibe - Check 

Devine Swine ($4.99) 
- Cheese Please... More Cheese Please 
- One of the 7 variety of grilled cheese sandwiches - Black Forest Ham, Smoked Bacon and Cheddar Cheese was really good... I wish I can have the whole thing.. as I was hungry... Feed Me!! 

Moroccan Mint Tea and Salad ($2.50) add on as side 
- Salad and dressing was so so.. but good to have some vegetables... I ate it all..without Sharing.. but I don't think my Yelp friend is into salad eating anyway... 
- I always enjoyed Morocaan tea especially with a drizzle of honey or you can help yourself with a shot of whatever in the drink..

Cappuccino ($2.50) charged as an add on 
- I would have a hard time deciding what to order if I would have know that Cafe Moka made the cappuccino the way it is..with a nice microfoam giving it a really velvety texture.. 

Eating and Yelping and Checking in and reading the talk forum did make a nice lunch... but am I ignoring my lunch date? 

CBC News? Not CP24?... Boo from my Yelp friend??

BTW, if you are into Montreal Bagels, the owner import them directly from Montreal... hmmm maybe I will have a bagel next time!"
"Yelper Blog Friend (YBF) decided to take me out to try out the Brunch scene in Toronto...as my other friends either working, sleeping or not into brunch. 

Picking a place to have Sunday Brunch is not easy task as there are so many choices in Toronto..as usual, I hate to make decision and I let my YBF to arrange something, wherever, whatever as long as I never been there before! 

Bier Markt was not busy at all for Sunday Brunch. You can just walked into this empty restaurant at 11 AM... and nice big empty patio. But it was kind of chilly, overcast and windy in early June??, who in the right mind would want to sit in the cold? 

BTW, I think I double my sizes and more if I am having Brunch every week at Bier Markt. And if they put down the calories and fat content count on the menu itself, I would be drinking water and eating raw veggie without any dips instead!! 


Brioche French Toast ($13) - A-OK.. at least I don't feel fat eating that! 
Swiss Skillet ($12) - creamy, heavy, cheesy.. skip if you are on a diet or you have heart problem..... 
Belgian Cappuccino ($4.50) - OMG! Fresh whipped creme size of a scoop of ice cream... can be eaten as dessert! which I did! 
Orange Brulee ($9) - the richest and creamiest brulee I ever have... so rich is just like eating 70% cream in its solid form 

Now I understand why Belgian cuisine been described as French cuisine quality with German quantity. If I going to just eat 1 meal a day, that would be ok.. but ..you know I can't!! 

So next time when I come back to Bier Markt, I have to skip all the food and just have liquid calories.... BEER only!! Hey, that is as fattening but at least calories that worth it!

FYI: CP 24 is ON!"
"Monday 1:00 pm at Ten-Ichi Japanese Restaurant

Me - ""Can I have your AYCE lunch?""
Waiter - "" Sorry, AYCE lunch only available on Saturday and Sunday""

Fail!!! Super Fail on my part!! 

Ended up having Lunch Specials

- Sushi Lunch Special ($7.50) 
- Teppanyaki Steak and Shrimps with 3 pc of California Roll ($8.50)

with Miso Soup, Salad and Dessert

hmmm, not bad.... but I am here for AYCE.....

FAIL!

My father was so disappointed!

FAIL!

The waitress asked what I want for dessert... I want to scream  AYCE!"
"I love to go to Grazie Ristorante at their Yonge and Eglinton location for dinner. We usually goes there for dinner on the weekend since they always have the seafood linguine special that my hubby loves. 

So when this location just North of Vaughan Mills opened, we decided to stop by after shopping at Vaughan Mills. 

When you walked in, the decoration is identical to the other location with the same colour theme, same furniture and same lighting. The only thing that is lacking is the atmosphere... The Yonge Street location is always busy with so much energy..here it is more subtle. The patrons are little more mature. 

There was no wait for the tables when we got there around 7 PM on Sunday..and with tons of empty tables.

The menu is the same. So we ordered our usual pasta and the Seafood special they have. The food were as delicious as we remembered. Their tiramsu was great as usual! 

The nice thing about coming here are plenty of free parking!"
"Tiano's Quality Produce has a good selections of organic produces that are sourced locally, make it a choice of anyone in the area looking for a healthy and ethical alternative. 

Good selections of fresh vegetables and fruits and a lot of dried products and sauces too. 

Of course there is always a price tag attached to anything that is organic, healthy and ethic... but not only prices, sometimes taste wise might have to compromise.....and when it taste too healthy..:) 

Organic Sourdough Bread ($4.99) sugar free with active beneficial cultures which made my Yelp friend went ugh.. dry and even I think it tasted way to healthy for my taste... 

I just have 2 slices of the bread.. I wondering what happen to the rest of them... maybe some pigeons and squirrels might have a healthy dietary dinner that evening...."
"This Walmart is just huge and spacious! On the few occasion when I came shopping here on a weekday, I felt I was the only one around! Never a line for cashing out and they do have the self served option.

Compare to Markville's location when you have to first fight for parking then pushing your shopping cart through narrow aisles and waited forever to pay. I would just drive up here and avoid all the agony."
"4.5 Stars!

(admiring my red perfectly manicure nails)
Thanks fellow yelper for organizing a yelp event at Nail Sense. 
(admiring my nails)
This place is so clean and spotless.. and you cannot even smell the polish or polish remover that is so common in most nail salon.
(admiring my nails)
The staffs that doing the mani/pedi are all so polite, gentle and with this soft touch. I really felt pampered!
(Stop Admiring Nails!!)

When you have a group of 8, you can have your private group party. That's what we did!! We got to watch movies, eat sweets, drink Perrier.. yes I felt like I am in a Sex In the City scene.. :)

The nail colours they have is so extensive, it does make choices really tricky. The good thing is they put it on one of your nails first and ask if you like it and you can still change your mind then.

The minus 0.5 star is for the fruit flies... I don't know where all these little flies coming from.. it kept circling my face while I was at the Pedicure massage chairs. ...

They accepts credit cards and Interac."
"Tuesday night? Brasserie Dieu Du Ciel is packed!! 

A popular hangout places for the young college students.. which give this place a casual vibe.

17 Microbrewery Beers on tab... I almost just want to ""taste"" every single one of them, that would have make decision a lot easier.

Luckily, the friendly and knowledgeable bartender helped me narrowed down to 6 of them after asking what I prefer...

Always fun to have tasting... especially at such a reasonable price. 

The question now is ""When am I going back to try the rest?"""
"Ahh...Smell So Good...

Pier 1 Imports has everything that can make my home cozy, pretty and smell good..  From Furniture, decoration, table settings and of course home fragrances.

Make sure you check out all those red tags items all over the stores... always good get things on discount.

House warming gift? Wedding gift? Anytime gift? You will find something for every occasions!

Store is spacious and tidy.. Great place to browse around."
"This is the 2nd location of China Cottage. It is in the plaza of Walmart Super Centre.

The interior is really nice, chic and modern! 4 Stars for decoation.

The services here is so attentive and friendly! 4 Stars for that!

The food, a little disappointed. The Pepper Chicken ($9.25) as appetitzer which the waiter highly recommended is a huge disappointment! It is over cooked and dry. It  is so dry that it hurt the inside of the mouth! The waiter cannot get over that we did not enjoy this....

The Shrimp Hakka Noodle Munbai Style ($8.25) is sizable. But the taste is kind of bland. For sure not spicy. It is ok, but I am not sure I will order it again.

Food 2 stars!

They do have lunch specials for $6.75 with a lot of choices that includes a pop or spring roll or daily soup.

Accepts Visa and Mastercard.

I might give China Cottage another chance in the future. But not in a rush to go and eat there again!"
"Draft Beer for $3.75 a pint on a Monday at Symposium Cafe?! Yes I am IN!

Services was meh.. I was kind of forgotten as no one even remember my existence until a waiter asked oh someone took care of you?!

Any draft beer for $3.75? includes the Imports?

Though has free Wifi, but make sure you have your netbook or phone fully charged because there are not outlets in sight...

Wellington Pale Ale/Lager, Heinekin, Canadian, Sapporo just a few of those on taps.

Martini $4 Wednesday

I will be back.. maybe the wait staffs would be more trained and seasoned?! 

Patio looks exactly my kind of place to have a drink, but if they have more shaded area, that will be perfect!

2 for 1 Cake on Sunday

I just love Specials!!!"
"Lunch/Afternoon Tea Special is a 4 Star as a Hong Kong Cafe Style Restaurant
Dinner is a 2.5 Star as a Chinese Restaurant

The menu for dinner is totally different than lunch/afternoon tea. So really depends when you are going, your experience would be totally different! As I have been to both, I would said The Six Cafe and Restaurant is a 3 star experience overall. 

The Good: Lunch menu has the usual Hong Kong Cafe offerings. Excellent selection and big portion. Their stir fried noodles are excellent! Really good wok hay, Highly recommended!

The Excellent: Service is friendly and efficient! Waitress makes good recommendations.

The Bad: Dinner was meh. The 3 dish we ordered were really oily and over seasoned. I eat out a lot and I am used to oily and salty food but this is another level! 

So-So: The restaurant has a really high noise level when full house. I have a headache just eating here! Come when it is not busy, you will have a totally different experience.

I will be back before 5:30 pm for their Hong Kong Style Cafe food. As it is definitely one of the better ones in the area. But for dinner, there are so many other choices and it would be a pass!"
"Tango Music... and for a split moment I thought my Yelp Friend is taking me for a dancing lunch date... Luckily... our waiter show us the Savour York Region Prix Lunch Menu ($15) and I know I am just here for lunch at an awesome price and I feel so right at home.

We ended up sharing in harmony just like dancing partners the following dishes:

Chimichurri Dipping with Bread

Humitas - Grinded Sweet Corn wrapped in a Banana Leaf

Sopa De La Abuela - Homemade Ground Beef Potato Soup (so hearty in tomato broth)

La Esquina Steak - 8oz Sirloin Steak marinated in an Argentinian Chimichurri Sauce (medium rare so tender and juicy)

Camarones Catalanes - Shrimp tossed in a Spicy Red Wine Tomato Sauce with Saffron Rice (8 huge shrimps cooked perfect with great bite!)

Empanada de Queso - Cheese Pastry with Sprinkled Sugar

Flan - Homemade Custard with Cream Cheese (a little heavy but licking on Dulce de leche makes everything alright!)

So much food and all well flavoured with tons and tons of garlic...  get closer with your dance partner and breathe on each other............................

Maybe I should come back here on Wednesday for the Salsa night... It is more fun than yoga or doing P90X, right?"
"Luckily I am not here with a date, I think I would never answer his phone/text/email nor going back to Sushi Bong ever again.

I am all for value! But I am not on a feeding frenzy to stuff myself with cheap food just to be full. If that's your goal, maybe Sushi Bong is for you. 

Dynamite Roll is huge since it is stuffed with rice and rolled up in chucks of tenkasu. Great for photos and that's it. The taste is just blah, with no substances.

Sushi Bong Special Combo is just so poorly presented. No effort to make it into something that what Japanese cuisine suppose to..   No effort to have their shari rice probably prepared... But the order is huge for the price.. good if you are hungry.

Please bring cash or your bank card... if not your date might have to even pay for your meal... 

Parking is free at the visitor parking underneath the building, if not there are plenty of meters around if you don't mind paying for parking.

Sushi Bong is not even up to par with some of the AYCE restaurants I been to. I just suggest to give it a pass, since there are a lot of other options in the area!"
"Monday 8:30 pm near Rosedale.... Dark and Rainy and Hungry!

Nothing seems to be open... We just want food after our yoga UYE at Roots... One of the regulars at the yoga studio suggested Quanto Basta...

So nice to have Quanto Basta taking us in right before closing. The space is nice has this rustic Northern Italian vibe.

Gnocchi all'aragosta  (lobster & crab in a truffle, prosecco & cream emulsion) $22 tasted so delish! I never into creamy sauce, but this might pasta might change everything... lobster tail...real crab meat with those soft and chewy gnocchi. Oh maybe that truffle does the magic?!

I would have ate the whole thing by myself... I can... but it might be just too fattening but well worth all the calories! 

Our waiter is nice and attentive. 

I want to go back to Quanto Basta just to have that Gnocchi!"
"Someone suggest  that we go to Vanipha Lanna Lao-Thai Restaurant for some authentic Lao Cuisine!

I tried calling for a reservation and the lady inform me that they no longer run the restaruant only providing catering services! :("
"This is a new restaurant that opened in the same plaza as T&T at Middlefield and Steeles.

They have set dinners for a resonable prices. From $38.99 is a choice of 4 dishes with soup and dessert. I think the best value is the one for $88 that includes a 4-5 lbs lobster that can feed 6 people.

Since we only has 3 of us, we ended up order the $38.99 specials. The deep fried shrimps was the best with 12 big size butterflied shrimps. We were so surprised that there were so many shrimps. The hot pot with fish and tofu was good too!

However, the sweet and sour beef they over marinated it in baking soda. There were no texture at all left in the beef.. I really not sure if those are beef anymore!

They do serve dim sum during the day, I might drop by and try it one day.

CASH only!"
"I am impressed with the selections of Olives & Epices inside Marche Jean-Talon.

So many different kind of olives oil from around the world. There is also tasting available just need to ask those friendly staffs for some help.

On the other side of the store, you can find all kind of herbs/spices and even varieties of whole dried vanilla. I was eyeing the black truffle infused sea salt until I saw all the different type of dried chili they carries even includes Bhut Jolokia chili pepper ($6/10g).

I think you can find any herb/spices you need here at Olives & Epices. I wish there is something like this in Toronto as I would be spending hours just to smell everything!"
"The patio does looks promising at this newest Symposium on Sunny afternoon.

I was thinking of having a beer, chill and people watching a little along Yonge Strret.

But they still in the process of getting their liquor licences... so no beers or martini specials till then. **sad face**

I don't really drink their coffees or their foo foo non alcoholic drinks as they are usually really so so.

This location is not as convenient as their other locations if you are driving but perfect if you are using public transit as it is close to North York Station."
"I now know why there are no photos of the interior of Golden Mint Coffee & Tea Company. All the photos I saw are taken from a distance... a far far distance.... 

Yes I got in trouble when I tried to take my first photo inside, and the barista told me No Photographs allowed! 

I really want to take a photo of that Elektra Belle Epoque Espresso Machine .... it is so pretty and the barista did a great job making my Cappuccino. The milk forth is really heavy though...just like whip cream. 

Golden Mint also carries chocolate, sweets, coffee beans and loose leave tea........ 

The window seats overlooking Yonge Street are great for people watching. 

Golden Mint is a great choice if you are tired of hanging out at Starbucks or Second Cup up the street. However, there is no WIFI so people are all just meeting up, chatting to each other or like me chilling out over a cup of coffee!"
"Dessert Lady Cafe have signs said NO photos with cameras or phones. But there were not much interesting pastries or cakes in the display case that would have made me disappointed that I could not take a photo. 

On this St Patrick's Day afternoon, there were only some tarts and cupcakes available for sale. 

Coconut Macaroon ($4.25) 
My yelp buddy highly recommended the Coconut macaroons, though they are quite good, I think I will be on sugar high if I finish that whole bag by myself. I am glad he willing to share one with me after I twist his arms and looked at him with tears in my eyes. 

Walnut Shortcake Cookies ($4.25) 
Those shortcakes are the mini version... but beware, they are so buttery and flaky and rich... let's not think about how fattening they can be! But good for sharing with your friends since there are 10 or so in a package! 

The staffs here are so accommodating and friendly, all my requested were granted with a big smile! That's what I call customers services! 

I was eyeing the Mini Poached Pear Almond Frangipane Tart, maybe that's what I will have next time!"
"April is Taco Month at Bazaar Global Food Bar.... I love eating Tacos...

Especially here I could mix and match my $12 for 3 tacos..great if you want to try out different items!

Korean Bulgogi
Green Chilli Chicken
Chipotle Pulled Pork

All decently good and well seasoned with a punch.

The Sticky Toffee Pudding with Coconut Ice cream ($8) is a little disappointing though... As the overly sweetened cake has this really heavy texture, the ice cream though is really good and tropical!

Though having a kid's menu might have bring in more families, but at least when I was there, there's hardly any kids...

This used to be Lai Toh Heen's old location.. Bazaar Global Food Bar kept most of original set up but just change the decoration a little and the lighting is a lot dimmer than before too.

I think I need to be back again and try other items on the menu... but will probably skip the dessert."
"Kung Fu Noodle at First Markham Place is a decent noodle place if you have craving for some freshly made noodle. I like fresh noodle because of the more chewiness texture and more QQ taste.

Beef with Ribbon Noodle ($7.99) the thickest noodle they offers. Perfect chewiness. Beef was on the dry side. 

Service was fast and prompt. A lot of smaller tables so great for lone diner. 

I would go back to try some of their BBQ skewers next time. Tofu looks promising!"
"I was a little skeptical when I first stepped inside this ""new"" Vietnamese restaurant, Jasmine Garden. There is nothing really new aside from the new name and the new menu. It used the same deco from the previous restaurant. I can in fact saying that this is quite rundown and dark.

Pho House Special ($7.25) was served less than 5 minute after I put in my order. The broth was really cleared and well flavoured with good cut of meat and portion size was decent.

Service is fast and friendly.

Jasmine Garden is a good neighbourhood Vietnamese restaurant for some pho or other Vietnamese food."
"A new bubble tea place just opened up in First Markham Place replacing A Place for Us http://www.yelp.ca/biz/a-place-for-us-markham

Pretty quiet here on a Sunday afternoon as I stepped into an empty restaurant..

The decor is quite nice with high ceilings. The chairs though not really comfy unless you able to settle into one of the 2 booths.

Chrysanthemums Tea with Honey ($4.99) with free hot water refills was A-OK, 

Lambie Bubble Tea is a great place if you want to get some work done. Great if you in the neighbourhood, but definitely doesn't  worth a special trip!"
"I too actually came here to look for HoHo BBQ after highly recommended by Tony F. and found out it is closed on Wednesday!

But there are another 2 BBQ places in the Plaza that is open.. so what the heck! Let's have some Chinese BBQ.

This is the first Chinese BBQ place I have been to for the last 2 years and I have never yelped about any of them. But I been eating a lot of BBQ pork, roasted duck and soy sauce chicken from takeout when my cook is on strike.

2 selections with soup of the day or soy milk drink ($5.00) is A-OK. So nice I was given a roasted duck thigh without asking or paying extra! Yes Chinese thinks the best part of the duck is their thighs, as we love dark meat. The skin is nice and crispy, the meat is juicy and melt in the mouth tender. The roasted pork is A-ok too, soft and juicy and have a lot of flavours....the only complaint it is a little bit too salty for my taste.

Love the Chinese veggie that goes with my lunch box to go order... at least I feel like I am eating something healthy too! Next time I will say less rice more veggie!

The lady was nice and friendly and even smile at me... Not often in other Chinese places :P

Cash Only!"
"Spigolo Ristorante is a small and intimate neighbourhood restaurant. Located in a small strip plaza so it might be a little hard to find in the dark.. trust your GPS!

Nice and quiet when we dropped by for lunch. With my Groupon deals in my smart phone, we got to order 1 app, 2 mains and 2 desserts to share.

Polenta Funghi ($12)
-Surprising light and flavoured 
- generous portion of oyster mushroom 

Veal Funghi ($18)
- Veal scaloppini with mushrooms In a brandy sauce
- veal was really tender and the sauce has just a light lemony taste well complimented the veal, light yet rich in flavour


Linguine Frutta di Mare aka Seafood Linguine ($19)
- Pro Tip: skip the pasta
-  White wine tomato sauce was way too salty
- pasta is not made in house
- seafood though plentiful: clams, scallop, shrimp, calamari and mussels

Tiramisu ($8) and Tartufo ($7)
- quite standard quality, didn't make me go wow.. might just skip dessert and have that somewhere else next time

Services is excellent once we warmed up our waitress. 

Spiolgo is a cozy and intimate restaurant. I might be back when I am in the area.. but there are so many similar restaurants that serving similar items in the area."
"You sure it is a library??

The information area has sofas that resemble those in the lobby of a boutique hotel!

That high ceiling? The spacious interior space?!

Just chilling here in Aurora Library is a great relaxing experience.

Then this lady talking on the phone so loud wake me up from my dream.....I don't really want to know about her love life really...

Wifi access only offers to library card holders.. so out of towners like me are out of luck!"
"River Star Restaurant is another newly opened up Hong Kong Style cafe restaurant in the Richmond Hill area.

They do have a new website which is quite unusual for this type of restaurant. They emphazies that they don't use any MSG and all the ingredients are fresh/healthy (less salt/oil) and customer service is their priority (that is unusual fo sure! :P)

There are special menus for breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, dinner and all day specials. Prices are compatible to other places and same with the varieties.

Fish Fillet and Vermicelli in Fish Broth served with a drink ($7.99) is quite good. I cannot comment if there is MSG added because I kind of used to that and it does not affect me too much.  

The service here is nice and friendly. Free WIFI access.. but I don't think you can hang around too long when the place is busy. Oh and Karaoke on weekends but you going to sing in front of everyone!

I will come back and try out other items in the menu for sure.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"2.5 stars

I wish the food that serves at Czehoski can be better...

I love the set up: Nice huge patio at the back, high ceiling with the view of Queen West on the second floor, dive bar vibe at the first floor

I love the staffs here, though I got confused with which one was my waiter as they all dressed alike... my coupon was welcomed with no issue at all.. Great services.

I wish the food can be better....

We shared:

Beet Salad ($10) - decent 
Blue Crab Cakes ($11) - best dish of the evening
Russet Frites ($5) - fries..
Crab Mac n Cheese ($19) - so salty.. I taste nothing but salt... what a waste 
of the ingredients

I might come back to Czehoski for a drink but will pass on the food. But there are so many cool places for drinks in the area..."
"Matahari Grill is our 2nd stop for our Baldwin Food Crawl. 

Love the decor, chic, dark and romantic (definitely not good for photo taking!)

Though without reservations, we got seated right away at one of the tables at the back of the restaurant.

We just want a taste of the menu so ended up ordering:

Eggplant Malay ($10) - grilled eggplant appetizer

Char Kway Teow ($15) - stired fried flat rice noodle in dark soy sauce

Nasi Lemak ($15) - Malaysian Coconut Rice went really well with the savoury Anchovy

All nicely done, but just lack that wow factor. Though I requested spicy but none of the dishes were spicy enough to make my Yelp Friends sweat! 

Prices while definitely on the pricey side, though in line with the area restaurants."
"Cheese Garden's Baked Cheese Tart ($8.75) just blow my mind! 

This was the first time I had any thing from Cheese Garden. I am not sure if it is a good idea that now they opened in my hood.

The Molten Cheese tart has this flaky crust that is perfect to scoop up all those liquid cheese. A nice balance of sweet, savoury and buttery. I could eat this whole thing all by myself (I have not check the fat content/calories or what not, I know I should not eat the tart but it was just too good!) 

Mini Shiroi Valentine Souffle Cheesecake ($5.95) was A OK. A perfect portion as a dessert. It was light and airy with just a subtle taste of sweetness.

I will be back for some more Baked Cheese Tart. As it is important to support business in my area! Please take my money!"
"King Henry's Arms have all the main stream beer on tap... nothing fancy... 

Just a neighbourhood pub.. where you just chill with your friends talk about nonsense.

Flat screen TVs great to catch up on the games... though my Yelp friend was a little disappointed because it showing Hockey.

Staffs are friendly and efficient. 

We shared a Pitcher of Sleeman Original, a great way to end our night!"
"Wu Jian Dao Shanghai Style Restaurant is a welcome addition in the neighbourhood.

Sheng Jian Bao  ($6.99) were juicy and tasty. They could have been crispier but overall not bad. I really enjoyed that.

Shanghai Green Onion Noodle ($7.99) was a little disappointed. I ate it without added on (which starts at $2.99) and it was really bland in taste but did have a nice chewiness to it.  

Service was little green which is understandable as it just opened recently. The waitstaff though was eager to help.

There are also other items on the menu that might worth trying for my next visit with my Sheng Jian Bao."
"That smell... that sweet smell of freshly baked mini egg cake always in the air when I walk around Market Village.

Nothing beat having a brown bag of an order of freshly prepared egg cake in your hand. The cake itself is crispy outside, soft and fluffy inside...with great flavour.

Now that really brings back childhood memories!!"
"I didn't stay at Hilton Suites Hotel overnight... I was here for a wedding banquet and the experience was excellent. 

The cocktail reception before the actual dinner was nicely done. The services was excellent from the bartender to the wait staffs that walk around with plates of food. 

The ballroom where the wedding actually held is spacious and the dance floor is huge. The services was though a little lacking as my water was never filled, my wine glass was always empty... I ended up just get a jar of water and bottle of wine and started serving my own table. 

Food was quite good for a Chinese banquet style... The waiter at least remember to serve me food.... and he gave me a couple of abalone and almost half a lobster... maybe I just have this angry and hungry look!

Tons of food! Chocolate fountain! Dessert table! 

What a Great Wedding!"
"So hard for me to rate a All You Can Eat places fairly as I am not really into AYCE anything.... but when 2 of my dinner mates tonight are fans of  ""eat as much as they can!"", I caved in.

Make sure print out a coupon from www.ccue.com that entitled 10% off if paying by cash.

Dinner Weekdays -  Adult $18.99 

Surprisingly busy for a rainy weekday evening. Sushi on 7 was packed at it's full capacity. Services were OK, efficient and we got all the food we ordered quickly.

Sashimi was OK, thickly sliced salmon was quite freshly. 

The rolls I found them Meh. 

The cooked dish: fried dumplings, grilled baby ribs (charred), grilled shrimps (definitely not fresh with mushy texture), beef on skewers, grilled salmon head and neck....

The fried ice cream is really a scoop of ice cream rolled in crispy bits, but it was quite interesting and give the ice cream an interesting texture.

10% tips added on automatically, so don't double tip.

I think I am bias with AYCE, quantity over quality, not by cup of tea!"
"Noir Coffee and Tea is really my kind of coffee shop! It really have a spa like feel to it and fits well with the Japanese deco. 

Everywhere is so clean here... even the washrooms!!  The washroom here for sure will be voted one of the best washroom for a coffee shop! (especially after I use the one at Moonbeam less than 2 hours agao!)

I like how they serve their tea in this Japanese teapot using the tatami material made tray...

With the atmosphere here, all the patrons seems to speak softly too... or maybe this place is just more spacious? 

Free Wifi access is always an additional 0.5 stars!

I definitely will drop by for a coffee when I am in the area!"
"Can I come here for lunch every week? Zen Japanese Restaurant is good as it get for an authentic Japanese food at a reasonable price!

The lunch menu has over 20 different selections starting from $9.99! It is a good deal as it is half the price they charging for dinner.

We arrived at 12:00 PM without reservations... we were lucky to have a table for 2.. the only table for 2 in the restaurant. Yes seriously, they are turning away people without reservations. Even the Sushi bar was packed with people during lunch! I will definitely make a reservation even for lunch time!

We ordered the Chirashi ($13.95) and Sushi ($10.95) lunch set. The Chirashi set does come with a Udon and house salad. The fish so fresh, even the salad is nice and fresh...not soaked with salad dressing! The Udon is chewy with texture... The rice they use are the smaller Japanese sushi rice. The seaweed on the rolls are crispy and with good flavour! OK OK! WE LOVE IT!!

We already want to come back next week for lunch to try out other items on the menu! 

The only minus is the service can be spotty because of place was packed!

Reasonable price for lunch with excellent quality of food!!

Closed on Monday! They accepts all Credit Card!"
"Vietnam Noodle Star does serve good tasting Pho at a great price. 

The small Pho I ordered with raw beef was so delicious! and only cost $4.50! The beef was so tender, like melt in your month and a big portion too!

The broth is a little salty, but match nicely with the noodles! I can stuffed myself full with a small size already!

5 Star for the noodle!

Please Please don't bother to order the other items! When you go to Vietnamese restaurant, you might order lemongrass pork chop or chicken with rice or noodle... Please don't order these here!! 

This is the first ever I have lemongrass chicken and pork chop deep fried...  Ok, maybe this is the way they like to make it... But the chicken is so dried...same with the pork chop...  sigh..  Most vietnamese restaurants marinated first and then grilled the meat.
(I have a photo to prove that, as you see my pork chop looks more like bacon!)

The worst part is my hubby took my delicious noodle, because he does not like deep fried food... and I ended up have to eat those cardboard like meat!

0 Star for rice dishes!

I would definitely be back for the Pho.. and Pho only!!

CASH only!"
"Takebashi Japanese Noodle House is located in Commerce Gate.

It has been in business for years serving Ramens, Sushi and Japanese snacks. This is a more reasonable priced places to have Ramen since it starts from $5.50.

The deco here is a little dated, just like a little sushi bar. The chairs are all wooden.. no comfy patted chairs. There are a good selections of Ramen. We decided on Soy Sauce based and Spicy Miso based ($5.50). I requested extra spicy as usual. 

Our noodles arrive in a few minute, fast because we are the only customers :). The broth is nice, hot and not too salty. There is a few slice of simmered pork with corn, seaweed, mushrooms. The noodle is nice and chewy.

I have to say the noodle is a perfect size if you are on a diet.. haha... ok I am on a diet. But it is good if you can order some side dishes as snacks (the deep fried tofu will be perfect!!)

The services is prompt and friendly. Our teacups never empty. They switched from Korean TV show to Chinese TV shows then Olympic Curling to make sure that we are entertained.

No Lunch Specials!

They accepts Mastercard and Visa."
"Since most people will order the first thing on the menu when they go to unfamiliar places, for my first experience at California Sandwiches, this will be their Veal Sandwich ($6.86) 

The girl at the cash that took my order is young, skinny, smiley and blond.. fit the California theme :P 

The veal sandwich is ready in 5 minute when my number was called. I found it A-OK. The bun though is a little soggy for my preference but the veal is soft and moist. Loaded with hot pepper definitely give the sandwich a good kick! 

Plenty of seatings....over looking the parking lot... or you can stuff your face with tomato sauce while watching CNN. 

Cash only, but no worries there is an ATM in the restaurant if you need some.

Closed on Sundays!"
"Ferrovia Ristorante worth a 4 star for their Prix Fixe Menu.*

Disclaimer: As my boyfriend only eats Seafood Linguine in Tomato Sauce and Caesar Salad when he goes to an Italian Restaurant. Don't ask me why... I still try to figure out why?!

For $23.95, I can just stuff him with the salad and pasta he loves.. and I ended up be the one eating the Gelato!! That's sound like a good deal? I basically tried everything on the Prix Fixe: Salmon, Lamb Shank, Arugula Salad and Bread Pudding...  But he still just want to order the Frutti De Mare and Caesar Salad....

Services can be slow and unattentive especially on Monday nights when only 2 wait staffs are working... They are trying their best but it is hard to cope with all these tables.. half of them for their Prix Fixe!

Ferrovia Ristorante also has a lunch menu which has lighter fare like sandwiches starting $10 or so.

I will definitely be back... or do I have a choice? I can hear my boyfriend saying to me on a Sunday/Monday evening, let's go to Ferrovia!!"
"Soya Street's owner is smart... having a banner advertising their drinks for $1.25... and then up sell you to their Black Sesame & Bean Soy Drink ($2). I did not realize I am not the only vulnerable one that fell for that.... 

Black sesame gives soy milk a nutty flavor, as well as providing a rich source of manganese, copper, tryptophan, iron and fiber. Aside from the benefit... it does taste good!! 

I still waiting to see the nicer shiny coat (maybe he is wearing his raincoat?) and dark luscious hair (was that some grey!) from my fellow yelper..."
"Thanks Yelp for bring me to Todamgol Korean Restaurant!! 

There are tons of Korean restaurant in the area and this one will not even cross my mind to come to eat here not because some of you yelpers been here and give it a 5 stars review.

There is NO English name outside the restaurant. It just has 3 big Korean Characters and ""Korean Restaurant"" in English. There are also a few Chinese Characters which are smaller in the window. Please be brave, just go in!!

The inside of Todamgol is roomy but quite dated. The tables are big though.. The one we were seated can accommodate at least 6 people with no problem.

The menu has Chinese/Korean and with English description of what each dishes are. Though with no photo depiction, one can order with no problem even if you don't read or speak a word of Korean.

Since we are have 3 of us and we are all sharing, we decide to order varieities of dishes to try out the menu. OK I decided.. because my fellow dining buddies Rana L, Janna and Sherry are all so easygoing!

- Spicy Seafood with Tofu Soup
- Grilled Marinated Beef with Rice in Hot Pot 
- Cold Noodles in Hot Sauce

The banchan has so much varieties. This is the only place I been to that offer so that offer so much fresh veggie in both their banchan and the main dish.

I though find the Cold Noodles are not as spicy as the other I have...but it is better like that then having it drain in hot sauce! Since they left a whole bottle of it on the table for us in case we need it!

The service is quick and friendly. I really enjoying visiting family run business like Todamgol when you can feel the positive vibe inside.

They do accept Mastercard and Visa and Interac.

BTW, it opens late till 1:00 AM on weekend and serves lunch specials too!"
"I never heard of Cafe Landwer till it opens it's first North American outpost in Vaughan, ON. Apparently it is a really popular cafe in Israel with a lot of branches and have been in business since 1919!

Cafe Landwer is really busy no matter when you drop by for a visit. Opens breakfast, brunch/lunch and dinner. I love the diversified menu especially what they offers for breakfast.

Mr Moshe Landwer started back in 1919 serving coffee roasted in house, their coffee what I would recommend. Americano, Filtered or Cappuccino? And if you not a coffee drinker, then try their mint based tea/drink. (I have this thing for fresh mint!)

As for food, do yourself a favour. Order the breakfast items. My Farmer's Breakfast ($11) was so good: The freshly baked focaccia bread was the best part!

Service though can be slow. But luckily my waitress was fast responding to all my request.

They also have a nice outdoor patio. Hopefully I will back soon to enjoy a late brunch on a sunny afternoon."
"I usually go to the Outer Layer Location in the Annex.. which carries identical merchandises as this Queen Street West location. 

I enjoy browsing through the jewelleries, natural body products and a lot of things that are neat but you don't really need... 

Great store to get some cute little gifts to surprise your friends or your love ones. 

This location is a lot more spacious. A lot more space for me to browse around even with my yoga mat, I do not bump into shelves, things or other customers. 

Oh and I did not stalk Karl R or bump into him either!"
"I don't know how to make a Cappuccino myself... but I drink enough to know what a good one tasted like.. or how it suppose to be made... 

I. C. Coffee House is the worst one I ever drank... even from home baristas... and he supposed to charge people money for that?? 

Espresso was off!! It was like drip coffee...so watery... 
Milk was not steamed hot enough to produce any milk foam (advice get a temperature gauge) the barely hot milk does not have any texture and have no firm foam... 

I was basically drinking a drip coffee with some light foam on top....... 

I need to go to Indie coffee shops downtown to have my espresso fix NOW!!

Why there is NO WHERE to get something half decent in the area!

No only the drink suck, the environment is not comfy... though they do have free WIFI...  

I might have to stick with Starbucks when I am up in Markham.. at least I know what to expect!"
"Yunnan Cross Bridge Rice Noodle is a fun place to eat especially when your friend trying to share a folklore with you while you go yay yay yay with noodles and corn pancakes stuck full in your mouth.

The soup based is really light chicken broth, just have a hint of favour. I restained myself from adding any hot chilli oil in order to taste the dish the way it is. The meat that comes with it does not make me feel too excited though.... I can just skip that.

The corn pancake ($1.99) is nice for dessert. I just like corn and pancakes so a winning combination for me.. and of course for $1.99 I am happy!

Cash Only!"
"I am in love with Burgers Park after the first bite!

Park Burger is probably the best smash burger I ate for a long long time. The patty freshly grounded on site made with local pasture raised Angus beef was well seasoned and the bursting with meaty flavour! The toppings really enhanced the whole experience and I just love the toasted brioche bun.

Spicy Chikn for the chicken lover which love a spicy kick! You do have option to make it non spicy. The never frozen chicken breast is buttermilk brined before deep frying. The chicken is moist and tender.

Beef VS Chicken?

I personally prefer the Burger a lot more!

The sides were MEH, especially at that price point. A pass. Don't waste your money and calories for that.

Service was 5 star for a fast food burger setting. Food was served to our table after we ordered. The ""chef"" even come out and asked how we like the food?! 

Free Style Soda Machine is always a hit! I love my Minute Maid Sparkling Lemonade which really help me to cut down the ""fatness"" of the food. 

Hopefully they would improve on their sides and make it a perfect experience!"
"Great place for Dim Sum! The price is great and the dim sums are tasty!

I like when they pushed the carts around and you can order whatever you fancy..and you can phased yourself instead having everything arriving on your table when you go to those that are steamed to order.

Even if you wait and wait and your favourite dim sums still does not arrive, you can ask the waiter to go and get them for you from the kitchen...

For dinner, my husband always go with his friends on Saturday night. I cannot comment on that since I never got to go!! Anyway, he told me it is best if you have a table of 10 and order from their special menu."
"Free Samples!! Try before you buy!!

If you are into Popcorn, you would have fun trying out every single sample before making up your mind!

So many to choose from, definitely hard to make up my mind.

I am though more old school and like my popcorn simple, salt/sweet, caramel or plain.. all these boring flavour. But when I got to try some wicked flavour and getting out of my comfort zone, I found the other funny colour/flavour varieties were not as weird as I think they would taste.

Definitely pop by and have some fun at the Toronto Popcorn Co. Let your taste buds decide what to get!"
"I totally forgot to bookmark or review King Taps! 

Disclaimer: I did remember I had a good time watching Soccer with my friend. 

Just maybe I should have something to eat while I was drinking my Mojito Slush. I was waiting for my friend to share some pizzas  so having a nice cold alcoholic beverages always sounded good? For me might be not since I didn't eat breakfast and skipped lunch. I can tell you the drink just hit me good.

I like how there is a nice view of big TV monitor no matter where your seat is at the bar. Good thing that no reservation needed as the whole restaurant fine in area was fully booked!

Good beer selection and half price pizza! What's not to like?"
"If you love rich heavy broth, you would love Ikkousha Ramen! 

I tried the Original. Black, God Fire (L3&L4). God Fire is spicy and the staff would warn you about that. 

I also enjoyed their bite size gyoza 一口餃子! Just like how it was served in Hakata!

Staff is super friendly and cheerful.

And they have Yelp wait list! So easy to put myself on wait list when I love myself some ramen!"
"Boulangerie Premiere Moisson at Marche Atwater is the first stop for our Montreal trip and it is definitely a good place to start.

So glad that it is open at 7 am on a Sunday. I am hungry and ready to eat!!!!!!! 

The smell of baked goods just filled the air when I walked in... and that smell of sweet butter......... something worth all these calories.

I am glad I didn't watch or the croissants has no nutrition labels... because I might be eating that with guilt thinking how many hours I have to spend to walk those off.

Their espresso drinks are Meh... unless you prefer your drink really creamy and milky... my friend who doesn't like coffee much enjoyed her latte... I should start giving her froth milk to drink from now on.

I am happy after packing in all these sugar and carbs and ready to brave the cold crisp Montreal's morning...."
"3 Monkeys Eatery is a good neighbourhood pub in Scarborough if you want to chill out with some friends for a drink or 2.

I was there for a nightcap with 3 Yelpers (Monkeys?) on a Saturday night. The selection of beer is half decent for the area at least there are Moosehead, Steam Whistle and some imports available.

Live Band with some live music and some Karaoke singing in between but since I had a drink or 2,  they don't bother me too much as I went through a lot worse!

I didn't have any food to eat as all I need was a drink but I tried some sweet potato fries and they were decent!

Services are friendly here and we were checked on all through our stay even when we seated at the back of the room.

3 Monkeys Eatery is a good place to grab a quick drink or bite and chill out a bit if you are in the area!

Maybe a beer and a round of pool? I shoot a lot better after a drink or 2!"
"Drip Drip Drip

4 star for food and service but -0.5 star for all the water dripping from the vent on top of my head all through my dinner.

Drip Drip Dip 

I know it was one of the hottest weekend in Montreal. It was end of July after all and I should be thankful for the nice cool interior of the restaurant with their AC on full blast. But with the water dripping on me the whole time (2 hour) while I was enjoying my dinner was not cool. The staff was all trying their best to stop the dripping from top of the AC vent which ran across the full depth of the restaurant by a squeegee sponge but it was not working....

Drip Drip Drip

Dinner was really good!! Excellent!

We shared 

Tarragon Bison Tongue ($8.50) - I just love the Cornichon in that! And now I have a bottle in my fridge at home!

Pâté de Campagne ($9) - So smooth and rich!

Duck Carpaccio ($14) - Well seasoned, my first time having duck carpaccio

Duck in a Can ($44) - So overhyped! The duck was dry and just not good! Foie Gras was so so. I don't believe I said that but I preferred mine seared...

Braised Pig Feet with Side Pasta ($50) Seasonal - Must Order!! It was so tender and flavoured!! And the pasta which was prepared table side was so good! Perfect al dente and with BACON... 

Drip Drip Drip

I would have up my star to a 4 because the food was just amazing and the service was excellent. But the management really need to do something about their cooling system. 

I definitely would be back! 

PS The reservation system just got so much better as my reservation was confirmed by email and no need to play phone tag again!"
"3.5 star

Donburi brings back a lot of memories... I ate their rice bowls growing up in Hong Kong and ended up having one during my last visit to Tokyo. ..

Beef Rice Bowl Lunch Set ($9.99) serves with soup/salad and coffee/tea. One can upgrade for Japanese pop or coffee for $1.50.

The sauce was just like how I remember it suppose to taste...sliced beef had a good mix of lean and fat. Rice portion was generous.

They also has different items: Katsudon, Soba and more.

And if you want Japanese breakfast, they are open at 8 am serving breakfast sets at $4.99 and up with tea/coffee.

I want Japanese Onigiri (sushi rice balls) as breakfast!!!

Service is a little green, but they just opened yesterday! The staff is still in training..."
"The Holy Chuck at Holy Chuck is probably one of my favourite burgers. 

Double patties, Bacon and loaded with caramelized onions! Great place of sweet and savory. The patties were juicy and have great crust. 

We were here when the restaurant was not busy so there was plenty of seating.

A meat lover heaven. But there is also veggie burger too."
"After talking to 6 different window contractors, I settled on Canada Select Windows. Dan's positive attitude and helpful suggestion helped to seal the deal. But most important was that he was the only 2 out of 6 window companies that able to custom made one of the picture windows as per my request.

I did have my doubts as this company is new only been in business for a couple of years and there was hardly any reviews and even with the handful online they won't perfect. Can I really trust them with my hard earned money? There are so many horror stories with home renovations I heard of!

The process was not 100%. It did take more than 1 month and 2 visits before my windows were measured accurately and orders submitted.

It took 2 full days for the installation as I have a total of 14 windows and 1 door to replaced brick to brick. The installers were professional and courteous. They arrived on time as promised and cleaned up nicely after the work. Windows looks as good as promised. Lo3 E glasses made a big difference as it blocked out 95% UV. The house looks so much better inside and out!

Whenever I walked into my kitchen and saw my picture window, I went WoW! I would be working with Dan and work on redoing my front entrance and porch enclosure! Hopefully real soon."
"A visit of Old Unionville would not be complete without having a stroll in Toogood Pond. Or is it the other way around?

33 hectares of wildness with trails, wild life, streams and ponds. 

A little piece of heaven for the area's residents!

There is also annual Urban Fish Festival held in the pond on the no licence day once a year. I don't know if I want to eat those fishes.. but it is fun if you have children to bring them here for a day of fun.

And of course after you can always go to the Old Unionville and have a drink or a romantic dinner in one of the restaurants.

There are free parking at the Old Unionville Business area."
"Favourites Thai BBQ is the new kid of Ossington as it just opened for a little more than a week.

A collaboration between Khao San Road, Paris Paris and Bar Fancy. I came with high expectations but the experience was meh. But since it is new, there are certainly room for improvement.

I like that I can make reservations directly on the website. I would not come as a walk in as the restaurant has the capacity of accommodating 30 or so ppl.

The communal table is a high top with no where to put your personal belongings aside on the floor. So come light and casual.

Menu is basic. If you are a wine drinker, you will be happy with the full page wine list. For beers you only have 2 choices: Tsingtao or Tuesday? No cocktails no Thai Iced tea? Maybe a Thai beer will be nice? Some Coconut juice? 

The grill in the open kitchen using Japanese binchotan is a great idea because this supposed to enhance the flavour of the food with a higher cooking temperature and less impurities. The aroma of cooking was inviting when we stepped inside the restaurant.

We ordered Lamb Chop ($15) and Sausage Combo ($20). The side steamed Jasmine rice was under cooked. I like the dipping sauce for the lamb. The sausage was mushy with no bite to it. The red Thai chili was served whole in both dish. Both entrée failed to impressed.

I do love the set up as it feels like a speakeasy sharing the storefront with Sam James Coffee. One never would have suspect there is another restaurant at the back if just casually walked by.

Favourites Thai BBQ is a nice addition to this strip. I can see it doing well with the Ossington crowd with some adjustment. But for now, it will be a pass for me."
"Wild Wings is quite decent if you want to watch a game and have a drink with your friends.

Great neighbourhood pub. One might not find anything fancy with the beer selections or the food. 

My experience here was A-OK. We just have drinks here and our waitress even ask if my friend wanted a refill.

The 3 TVs in the bar area was great and even sound was turned on so I could listen to all the commentaries."
"Runnymede Public Library is such a charming little neighbourhood library.

Runnymede Library was opened on this present site on 1930 and  listed on Toronto Historical Board's Inventory of Heritage Properties adopted by City Council, 10 December, 1975. Yes it is as good as your grandmother!

Of course, it has went through a couple of renovations. The windows opening up to the park at the back do bring a lot of natural light and outdoor space inside the library.

Due to the it's size, the library's own collection is quite limited..but it is a nice place to relax and use their free Wifi!"
"Metro Squre Cafe is the sister company of Mei Cheun in Scarborough. However the deco and the environment is a lot better. The seatings are more comfortable and the place is much cleaner!

The menu is really similar with the same set menu. I usually having a a late lunch/brunch. My favourite is the Satay Meal set ($4.99) that comes with a Satay beef noodle soup, egg sandwich and coffee/tea. The HK style tea is one of the best in the area and I love their egg sandwich because the egg is always really fluffy.

However, there is not too much healthy options, the bread is usually white bread and not much fresh vegetables. 

If you are looking for fast services and consistent food that's the place to go!

CASH only!"
"3.5 star 

Ka Wor Yuen BBQ probably not the best tasting BBQ shops in Scarborough, but sometimes it is more than just how good the food taste that makes or break one experience..... 

Ka Wor Yuen is another hole in the wall place with small sit in area, sticky floors, grayish tiles where they were once sparkling white... and the smell.. that smell of meat and soy sauce and you definitely knows something is cooking and you smell like a piece of meat afterwards... 

BBQ Pork and Roasted Duck with Rice and soy drink ($4.60) 
- I request half rice portion and the nice smiley lady start worrying that I might be hungry..so she gave me extra veggie (she did not realize this is going to be my snack after dinner!)
- The nice smiley man preparing my meat surprisingly gave me the duck's leg (which is $1 surcharges) for free... 
- When I ate my meat loaded snack at home, I wish everyone can be that nice! :) 
- The Duck's leg of course was awesome, not too fatty but still nice and tender 
- BBQ pork was A-OK too.. a little dry but I did request the leaner meat

Just love small business like Ka Wor Yuen that I deal with the owners... where they really care about their business and make sure they make all their customers happy!

Cash Only!"
"Au Kouign-Amann now becomes one of my must visit bakery whenever I visit Montreal (I hope more often!)

Funny that I got the same item as Jennifer P: a plain croissant ($1.35) and of course a Kouign Amann ($2.15). Butter and more butter. Nah said! 

Great place to pick up some pastries without breaking the bank."
"I would never have go into Barcode Chinese Restaurant if I am alone!!! No way... even I am really desperate for a FTR, but I do have my standard... 

While driving to the restaurant... I passed by undeveloped commercial factory area... sketchy... and then my GPS led me to this garage look alike address...... maybe this place used to be a garage?? 

We were greeted by 2 good looking Chinese girls... I guess because of that he didn't ask to leave...and we were seated at a booth of this completely empty restaurant... BTW, not even any other customers came the whole time we were there...... private dining experience! 

The best thing Barcode has is the WIFI.... and sweet looking waitresses. The restaurant feels like someone's basement... there is a pool table, some messy here and there... and cheap recycled furnitures. 

Menu is nicely done with tons of photos, so it is easy to order... and they spell there OWN name wrong on the cover of their menu... 

- Spicy Crab ($8.99) and Spicy Winkles ($9.99) both tasted A-OK and plentiful. We can barely finished them. 

- BBQ Back Ribs ($8.99) was really disappointing, dried and bland... 

- BBQ Lamb Skewers ($4.99) came in 5 skewers.. nicely marinated with cumin, chili powder, a little dry..but taste ok if you ate them when they were hot 

- Tanghulu ($3.00) (candied Chinese hawthorn) was totally disappointing!! It was like frozen hard..and you might harm yourself or chip a teeth if you tried eating that! 

I been to more shady and dirty joint before and Barcode is not the worse... However, it really ticked me off were those waitresses was skewering raw chicken/beef on bamboo sticks right next to our table and serving us the same time.......There must be some health code against that?? Do it at the back!! At least I don't know...... 

My friend got his good looking waitresses..but I got nothing... at least I don't have tummy ache after the dinner... ... I don't think I will be back!!"
"Walking inside Pippo Trattoria made me felt like I am at home. A home full of nice caring families and friends which all making sure I have a good time.

Hot tables with a rotating choices of protein including rabbit, osso bucco, lamb shank, roasted beef, chicken and more. Or if you want something lighter, there is also sandwiches and pizza and even pasta to choose from.

For me, I just feel like having a cappuccino ($2.75) any time of the day! 

I would definitely be back here for breakfast, lunch or even afternoon ""coffee"".  And maybe a glass of wine with my lunch?"
"Bingsu = Happiness

The Cup has always been my favorite compares to other cafes that offers similar icy treats. 

This new location is probably has the best set up. Love the nice colour theme and the different sitting options. 

On a weekday after 9 pm, the cafe was quiet. I usually order Soybean and Matcha. My friend wanted to try Black Sesame instead and it was really good! The shaved ice was light, fluffy and airy.

Parking maybe an issue as this plaza always insanely busy with all these restaurants!

Accepts Cash or Debit only."
"I was glad that I took advantage of their Free drink offers as it gave me incentive to come and give this new neighbourhood cafe a try.

At 5 pm, we were the only table here so service was fast and attentive. 

The food menu is quite limited but since A Corner Cafe is still relatively new, I am looking forward to some changes and additions in the future.

Avocado toast was really good! With 2 poached eggs for $7? If you don't mind having bunch items as dinner or snack. Salad bowl was a little weak but not bad if you want a health option.

Mango Slushie and Passionfruit Yakult were nice and refreshing. I would try their coffee next time.

Yes, there will be a next time!"
"Finally giving Ai Sushi a try after 1 year.

Ordered the $30 Sushi, Sashimi and Roll Platter which was decent for the price. 

Place was extremely busy on a Saturday around noon, To avoid waiting, please call well ahead to place your order to avoid long wait time."
"Lunch Special?

The waitress did not even know that lunch special existed until I pointed to the posters on the windows. Should I be worry??

Braised Beef Soup Noodle ($6.99) was a good size but tasted bland and forgettable. Maybe I should stick with grilled items? The restaurant is named Grill Legend?

Just a really confusing experience. I got more confused when the waitress asked me if I wanted soy milk or soup. Then came back and said my order did not come with that....

Will I be back? Probably not."
"Meatlover's Heaven! 

My first time visiting CopaCabana and I really enjoyed my experience. It was just so much fun watching all these ""meat"" parading in front of me. And they just kept coming! The staff here was friendly. They even asked what we like and request the kitchen to have those prepared for us! 

The buffet spread was quite good. I like to have a little salad, some vegetables or even some fresh fruits in between my meat feeding. Oh there were even more cold cuts meat if you want to go all out!

The only negative experience was we had a reservation and still waited over 30 minute for our table. But it was worth the wait.

Great management team and awesome staff = Great Service!

I hope you love your meat. That's the only thing that really worth coming for!"
"This is one of the most friendliness Chatime I have been too! 

Coming on a Sunday afternoon and there was no line. The staff at cash was super friendly and helpful! Even reminded me that I have a free drink on my reward account I can use!

Drink quality is standard for Chatime. I have yet to have a bad drink from any location so no surprise or disappointment.

I did not see any sign for TOTM (tea of the month) which is a special for reward members. Maybe this location did not participate in that offer? It is always nice to go to stores that offers the monthly special."
"Shoppes of The Parkway is an Empty mall of nothing connected to both Sheraton Parkway Hotel and Town of Richmond Hill.

If you ever in the area, don't bother to visit there.. there is nothing.. 

Don't expect to see stores that try to sell you a ""Gucci Bag"", latest Pirated Dvd movies. (I don't think the mayor and the councillors of Richmond Hill will be too excited if that happen!)

It is only busy in the food court during lunch hours because there are a lot of people that works in Town of Richmond HIll building eating their lunch here.

I think the only busy place here over the weekend is the Host. Most of the stores here are closed on Sunday even the food court.

One good thing is they do provide you with FREE Wifi! Basically you can just bring your laptop and park yourself in the foodcourt area under the big skylight and surf the internet with no one bothering you!"
"Danmuji serves good Korean Chinese food. 

But it is hard not to compare it to Beijing Sung which serves excellent Korean Chinese food.

I love the decor of Danmuji. Spacious, Classy and Trendy. Good enough for a date night with their dim lighting and alcoholic menu. I would not want my date to bring me to Beijing Sung but here, it is just perfect!

Service is top notch! Our waiter is professional and kind. Speaks perfect English, which is important for us non Korean speaking folks to feel comfortable. 

How's the food?

We ordered: 

Stir-Fried Seafood Jja Jang ($12)
- lack that smokey and savory taste. The noodle has a texture of dry spaghetti instead of the more doughy tasting fresh noodle. 
- spicy? is it suppose to be spicy? This taste just taste flat

Kkan Pung Gi ($22)
- I like the taste and the batter is light! The sauce has good depth: garlicky and spicy. The vegetables could be more as they tastes so good with wok hay
- Sad the portion is so small for a Small. If you are 2 adults, better order another dish or up size to Regular.

Danmuji has potential. A lot of potential. I am open for another visit to try out more items on the menu. I kind of fell in love with Korean Chinese food."
"3.5 star 

Aroowha Sushi & Sake Bar store front looks really plain and uninspiring, I was really pleasantly surprised when I stepped inside. The deco is nice and chic and trendy.. like a downtown hip diva bar instead of a sushi place up in the suburbs. 

Lunch Specials has a good selections of Sushi/Sashimi/Teriyaki and some Korean fares. Lunch is served till 3 pm. 

Sushi ($11.50) includes salad and miso soup 
- Miso soup is really Meh...not too much flavours.. watery and bland 
- salad dressing though really nice, critus based balanced with a hint of ginger, one of the better one I have. The salad itself are fresh and crispy 
- Sushi fish selections are good and fresh, not all salmon only like a lot of places. The fish itself are not sliced paper thin.. and the shari rice has a good bite.. +1 star 
- California Rolls sprinkled with black sesame and sizable with big piece of avocado.. yummy!! 

The Sake tasting menu is quite interesting.. I don't mind dropping by next time to have a few. 

Korean waitress and staffs were courteous and polite and distant at the same time. But service overall was fast and efficient! 

Aroowha Sushi & Sake Bar would be a good place for a romantic dinner date and romance your date over some Japanese food and drinks."
"Shopping at Costco can be such a stressful experience but this newer location with a better layout might help.

Separate food court area

Wider aisles

Separate cooler rooms for different perishables

Ample spacious parking

Big box store getting even bigger! 

Maybe shopping at Costco is not that bad after all."
"Just love the space! Spacious and Roomy. 

The back room is just gorgeous with the exposed brick wall and high ceiling. 

The single bar stools seating facing Queen St, perfect for people watching.

Pour over Station and that beautiful espresso machine...

I like this place"
"Au pied de cochon is one of those ""I need to go at least once"" restaurants, at least on my long list... But after my experience it is not on my ""done it..so?"" list.

Maybe it is just my luck.. or people love playing phone/email tag with me. Emails never got a phone back... Left message on their answering machine and got called back when I could not pick up phone... called back and left messages again..... When I finally spoke to a real human being, I kind of felt relieved.... as I got to go to APDC!!!

We arrived on a weekday for an early dinner. I directed my friend to park right in front of the restaurant... but without any visible signage... he didn't realize this plain looking place is THE ONE.

Our waiter is pleasant, really pleasant. But I got really lost and so was he when he tried to go over the ""Daily Special Menu""... he kept coming back and gave us an update on the specials he has... He really believed I remembered?

We ended up drinking: Griffon Rousse ($5)/Cheval Blanc ($5.75)

We ended up eating:

Cromesquis de Foie Gras ($3.50)
- maybe I have too much expectation... I didn't get that exposing or orgasmic sensation I expect.
- more like oh that it? .

Cerveau de Veau + Boulettes de Viande de Veau ($14)
- veal brain.. has this smooth creamy texture.. 
- a lot better than what I expect and though fried was not greasy at all

Pied de Cochon($22.00)
- this dish makes me Not a fan of pork.. portion is massive but the pork is dry and jerky like.. chewy..
- not much taste to it but if you are a fan of Rosemary then at least you will enjoy the sauce that came with it

Poutine au Foie Gras($23.00)
- Tons of Foie Gras but just a shame to have foie gras prepared that way...
- the gravy being that salty imho is not complimenting the foie dedicate texture and taste...
- But it is a dish to try at least once

At least I can say I finally been to APDC. If my friends ask me if it is worth a visit, I say go at least once, experience yourself.. and you decide if it is worth your while!"
"Schwartz's Smoked Meat of course on our ""To Eat"" list for Montreal. 

We were so anxious, but unfortunately arriving at 8:30 AM was kind of early.... too early... no lines... and of course no Meat...

11 AM Sunday arrived to a fully packed restaurant.. But luckily, I went and just hogged the last 3 seats at the counter...Now we talking business!

Maybe of the high expectations.. I was not impressed with my Smoked Meat Sandwich Medium Fat ($6.15)... it definitely not tender or moist as expected...blame it on the lean meat?

2nd order of Extra Fat was just a little better.. I am not convinced... this is decent but not good... and why am I eating a EXTRA FAT Smoked Meat Sandwich?! I thought I am on and on going diet!! And it was funny to see the reaction of the staffs when I placed my order!

I secretly have to admit that Katz's in NYC is much better, but Schwartz's pricing definitely more down to earth!

Should had skip the Salami Sandwich ($5.95) that was not worth your while!

12:00 PM Sunday, the huge line of over 30 people by the time we finished!! Seriously, I don't think it is worth the wait in the cold for Schwartz's.. but I would have not know until I tried.. and I am not going to line up for that!"
"3.5 star

Winterlicious 2017 Experience

Maybe I been drooling over all the yummy photos online and 5 star review on Yelp. I came with a high expectation. The winterlicious lunch option was great value which worth a 4 star +. But the food itself did not wow me.

 Miku Zen,  Signature Aburi Sushi,  Green Tea Opera.

That's a lot of food for $28. 

Overall it was enjoyable and I do love the Green Tea Opera.

Service was courteous and quite attentive.

I think for a full Miku experience, one needs to come here for an actual lunch/dinner. I am open for a return visit."
"Garden Cafe has a lot of potential to be an unique and modern version of Hong Kong Style Cafe. It is just falling short in various way but hopefully it would improve over time.

Be warned, this cafe is small with tight seating for 20 people. The dining area probably smaller than someone living room. This really remind me of Hong Kong :)

Menu pricing is reasonable and probably cheaper than their competitors. The selection is overwhelming for a cafe this size. I rather they trimmed down their offerings for this size of operation. 

- Iced Hong Kong Style Milk Tea has iced milk tea ice cubes so the taste did not get dilute which is a nice touch!
- 特餐 ($6.99) Satay Beef Vermicelli with Egg Sandwich set was nicely done. Love their quality of beef and how soft and fluffy the bread was
- Baked Pork Chop with Rice  金牌焗芝士豬扒飯 ($8.50) was so so. The rice was not fried rice with eggs and the tomato sauce was off
- Pineapple Bun with Butter 冰火菠蘿油 ($3.25) The bun was not toasted so the butter never soften up and thus lacking that contrast of warm vs cold, soft vs crisp
- 流心蛋包双宝飯配咖喱汁 ($8.25) Molten Egg on Luncheon Meat & Red Sausage Rice w/Curry Sauce: Huge portion and the house made curry sauce has nice flavour

Service was green but homey. Hopefully the wait staff will get the hang of it over time.

Cash Only."
"Late Night Snacking on charcoal bbq skewers makes me happy! 

This is Yang's BBQ Restaurant 2nd location but I never even been to their first! Yes, there are a lot of places that I never been to!

We came in on a Snow day. The restaurant was not busy at all which I love. But one might say that it lack that hassle busy vibe. 

All skewers are spicy. That's sounded like heaven? I love spicy food. Seasoned well with a lot of spices: cumin. I really enjoyed their Cabbage, Squid and Lamb.

The restaurant itself is spacious and clean. At least I don't smell like food and BBQ after eating here.

They do have other items in their really extensive menu that is not BBQ. Don't let their name fool you."
"Double Lucky Seafood Cuisine was Hai Tian last week..but today is the grand opening day of Double Lucky.

New signs, fresh paint, new chair covers and new cook and owner. The wait staffs though are the same as the previous business.

Dim Sum prices is really reasonable at $2.28 for S/M/L Monday to Friday till 4 pm and on weekends $2.48.

There are some interesting items on the menu, but I decided to stick with some of my to go items to try out the kitchen. 

-Double Lucky Steamed Shrimp Dumplings
(The wrapping is a little too chewy and sticky but plenty of shrimps with good bite)

-Steamed Siu Mai with Fish Roe
(lean and fat mixture gives this a good texture! and tons of mushrooms)

-Steamed Rice Noodle with Beef& Coriander

-Fried Sesame Stick w/Black Sesame Paste
 (I don't know why I got this sesame balls with the Custard egg york filling..where are the black sesame!! And those are balls!! not Sticks!)

All the items I ordered came out hot and fresh and most important really tasty too!

Steamed Fish Head, Steamed Lamb Meat also on the dim sum menu, I will wait for others to try and let me know.....

Cash Only!"
"Great location for a Staycation in Vaughan.

Right across from Vaughan Mills and a few minutes away from Canada's Wonderland.

Room is set up with similar layout and amenities like other Aloft brand. You can say it is hipster West Coast vibe. Everything is simple and basic so don't expect it to be a luxurious hotel.

I do like the bar lounge area. Great place to grab a drink and they do have daily special.

Not a bad option if you want to stay in the area."
"Richmond Court Restaurant Bakery is 2 store on the left of Richmond Court Restaurant sandwiching Lucullus Bakery.

If you look through the front window from outside, you will not see anything because they are all fogged up!! When you walk in, you will know why... there are steamers warming the dim sums and the rice they sell. Dim Sums are $1.75 per order and Rice with chicken/beef/spare ribs are $3.50 with tea or coffee.

There are also Chinese buns and Western style cakes... I have to say the slice cakes are the smallest I ever seen! priced between $1.50 to $1.70, they are so thinly sliced!! It is an embrassment when you trying to get it for your friends and they wondering how cheap I am when the cake slice is so small!

The lady that served me just give me that tiny cake slice and asked me to hold on to it and go pay at the cashier?!! Gee... at least help me put it in a bag or something.. 

There are some seatings if you do decide to eat in... but I don't think it will be a pleasure experience, since you will smell like dim sum after and your glasses might be all fogged up because of the steam...

Cash Only!"
"I am just excited that Main Street Bakehouse decided to open another location on Main Street Markham! This neighbourhood now have a ""real"" coffee house with freshly baked in house baked goods!

There are 2 entrances: so you do have an option to park either in the front or the back parking lot. Conveniently located right across the street from Markham Go Station.

The interior is spacious! Double the size of their Stouffville's location and I can see a lot of potential in hosting local communities event. 

Butter tarts, Muffins, Scones, Cookies all goes well with a cup of coffee. They also have a simple breakfast and lunch menu if you want more than just a treat.

I would be coming here to have business meetings or have casual meet up with my friends. Even get some work done? They do have free wifi.

Service was friendly and excellent! Our drinks and food were delivered to our table by the barista when they were ready!"
"Lunch Special is always the way to Go?!

A set for 2 people from $16.99 is quite a bargain to try out Sichuan Kungfu Fish. And I am impressed and will be coming back.

Lunch Set #2 with Alaska Cod Filet in Peppercorn Spice ($19.99) includes 2 order of rice, Sichuan Kimchi App, 2 can of pops and Cabbage Topping. 

We really enjoyed the broth: not too spicy but with enough kick. Funny thing was that we enjoyed all the additional toppings (Wide Vermicelli + Lotus Roots) more than the fish itself. The cod filet is just as thin and mushy as the basa. I will probably stay with the basa and just order extra toppings!

Service is surprisingly friendly. They even moved us to a bigger table without us requesting! 

Pro Tip: post a photo on WeChat for a free ice cream

I do like the option of hot pot for 1 as I can enjoy my spicy broth even I coming with my non spicy eating friend.

But for now, I still want my friend to come with me during lunch to share this lunch set for 2!"
"Sadly I have to downgrade Kub Khao Thai Eatery to a barely 3 star after today's lunch experience.

Since my last lunch visit, maybe a month or so ago, the portion now is half what it used to be?! The taste and ingredients was not as good as before. Kub Khao Thai really went downhill....

And the plaza is now charging for parking?! A Scarborough strip mall charging $1 for 30 minute, 24/7, this must be the first. So I suggest you park on the side streets which have plenty of free parking instead."
"I don't usually fly in and out of Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport. But my recent experience might changed my mind. 

Going through Canada Immigration when I arrived from Newark was a breeze. There was no other flights clearing customs aside from mine. A short walk to the shuttle then I arrived at Union Station.

Too bad there are only limited domestic and transponder flights in and out of YTO."
"Chi Star House just open 2 days ago.. 

I expect confusion during the first week or so when a business opens up. So this review is based on their soft opening and trying to figure things out.

The open concept deco is really simple. The space feels really spacious and inviting. Tons of booth seating which is great for small group.

Chi Star House is kind of a mixture of Cantonese and Hong Kong Style Cafe. With breakfast (8-11), lunch (11-3), afternoon tea (2:30-5:30) and dinner (5- 11 pm). All time slot has set special available the includes a drink or a soup.

Arriving at 6 pm looking for something light and the waitress gave me a regular menu that only have dishes that are good for groups... I feel really not single friendly. I should have left but ended up suck it up and ordered Satay Beef with Vermicelli in Hot Pot ($7.99). The portion was really good at that price point but just lack satay taste and the sizzling hot pot factor.

While talking to another waitress complaining about the lack of other options during dinner. She said they have noodles, fried rice and even all day special from $4.99!!!! Ended up I was not given the special menu and they didn't realize that the all day menu is grouped under breakfast.....

I guess I need to come back and try out their $4.99 special... but for now 2.5 star rounded up to 3 with room for improvement!!"
"Sometimes I really get confused!

There are Fruit Jungle and Food Jungle but basically they have the same Chinese business names and they have same drink menus.

This Fruit Jungle is located at the food court at Splendid China Mall. The food court at the 2nd floor is practically empty aside from Fruit Jungle.

Seasame Icecream blended bubble tea is so yummy and fattening good. 

Of course you can always go across the street to Pacific Mall which is a lot busier and harder or impossible to find parking..."
"I usually visit Henry's Scarborough location when I need some supplies or just browsed around...and I love the store a lot.. always have a good experience.

For their Downtown Location, I expect a lot more.. since it is kind of a Flagshop store and their head office... The store though quite big but feels like it is empty... just empty stores with limited selections and full of staffs... staffs mainly male wondering around doing nothing?? staring at you?? 

I think will with stick with Henry's Scarborough location from now on! What's a disappointment!"
"All these new ramen joints popping up in the area and Hakata Shoryuken is one of them.

I had been to the first location in the Yonge and Finch area so I kind of know what to expect. Same good ramen with a rich soup base.

I usually think that soup base is the star in a bowl of ramen then Hakata Shoryuken really nailed it. 

Service was polite, efficient and friendly. 

They also have Happy Hour Special if you want to have a pint with your noodle or enjoy some side dishes."
"If you don't expect authentic Vietnamese food, you will find Super Pho A OK.

Price is reasonable, Portion is decent. I do like their All Day Specials that comes with a pop. 

Sadly the spring roll in my bun was cold and soggy, definitely not freshly prepared. I would stick with Pho or other soup noodle next time.

On going promotion does attracts returning customers. Who would not enjoy a free appetizer for the next visit?


Service was fast and friendly."
"Music is playing
People are chilling
I am sipping my coffee

This place is so quiet! I love the sense of tranquility and zen vibe at this Piedmont Coffee Bar. 

My flat white was well pulled with perfectly frothed milk.

Great place to just enjoy some quiet time. Work on your laptop (tons of outlets) or just do nothing."
"Summerlicious ($35) at Bloom Restaurant was quite delicious. 

Summer rain and me forgetting my wallet resulted in me being over 30 minutes late for my reservation. The staffs did find a table for me but my Yelp Drinking Buddy who was busy drinking down the street was later than me, so I ended up ordering one of their Martini Sparkling Pom ($12) which was delicious... 

My eating arrangement with my YDB is that we always that we have to order something different so I am stuck with 

Appetizer: Prosciutto-wrapped Chicken With Frisee Salad and a Guava Foam Dressing 

Main:Coriander Roasted Arctic Char Cilantro Yogurt Sauce with Roasted Fennel and Carrots 

Dessert: Churros & Dulce de Leche Ice cream 

Personally I like my choice better. The taste was more subtle and was quite refreshing for summer days. 

Now from Tuesday to Thursday Bloom has a prix menu for $35 so you don't need to wait for any ""Licious"" try out their Mediterranean Menu with Latin American Influences!!"
"If you want to have some Cantonese food late night, Chef 88 is a good bet. 

Complimentary soup and dessert which one can expect from the old school Cantonese restaurants. The only difference is probably the wait staff here is so much friendlier.

The portion is decent and the taste is A-OK. Just lacking a little wok hay (fresh from the wok aroma).

Not a bad choice  if you are in the neighbourhood."
"This is probably the best Sunset Grill in the area!

Service here was excellent even when the restaurant was packed and with line up out the door on a Sunday morning.

Good breakfast menu: simple and homey.

The restaurant is new and clean."
"Finally made my way to Dragon Pearl Buffet.....

Lunch for $12.99 is A-OK, as I just could not come here to dinner to pay double the price!

It was quite neat watching the lady making the hand made noodle fresh, though I found the broth itself a little boring.

Skip the Sushi section, as mostly maki and sushi of 2 kinds: surf clams and tofu....

Most of the cooked food I found them a little too salty. I did enjoy the fish: Teriyaki Salmon and Steam Fish Fillet. 

Most of the salad are mayonnaise based, I did enjoy the mango salad and seaweed salad which were more refreshing.

The best part of the meal at Dragon Pearl I think is the dessert. Great selections of cakes, Chinese sweets, fresh fruits and ice cream (no sesame ice cream though!)

The services were attentive. Our water glasses got filled constantly and dirty plates got removed promptly. But strangely, the waiter brought me the bill and the hot towels when I was still eating my watermelon and ice cream?! He also kept asking if I need the credit card terminal.... Can't he tell I was still eating and I was planning to go back for another round?!

Decor here is fun and funky... Worth coming once at least for the experience!"
"House of Garden took over which is use to be Full House Chinese Cuisine (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/full-house-chinese-cuisine-markham-2). 

The layout of the restaurant remain pretty similar but a minor makeover was done with new light fixtures, new flooring inside of those sticky old carpeting and new tables and chairs. 

The menu has similar offerings as a lot of Cantonese Congee/Noodle restaurants but with additional of Cantonese entree dishes. 

Chiu Chow Congee with shredded chicken and oyster clams ($5.25) 
- We were pleasantly surprised with how good this Chiu Chow Congee is 
- only place I been to add so much different garnishes 
- really strong and intense flavour 

Vermicelli with Preserved Sour Vegetables and Beef ($7.95) 
- Did not look too promising when it was presented to us steamy hot 
- But it tasted much much better than it looks! 
- the beef was quite tender and the vermicelli soaked up all the sauce make it so tasty! 

Chinese Broccoli ($4.25) 
- I don't understand why they can mess up this simple dish... Veggie was so overcooked it tasted mushy... 
- I just want my veggie to be cooked... not turn into baby food! 

Since the restaurant is quite new, the wait staffs here are not really attentive and they kept messing up our orders... 

There is lunch specials (11:00 to 3:00 PM) for $5.99 that comes a drink.. and for afternoon Tea is from 2:30 to 5:30 PM.. 

They accepts Cash only!"
"This is a brand new location of Ruelo that recently opened in an industrial like plaza. 

Dropped by to pick up some macaroons and this location was packed with tables of customer having afternoon tea. Apparently they had sold over 1000 groupon for 2 for 1 afternoon tea.....
 
Ruelo's macaroons  seemed to be getting smaller and smaller over the years! 

Green Tea Sesame($3) and Earl Grey($2.50) were both really enjoyable. The sesame filling just delish!  But seriously at this price I expected more? Maybe they should put that in a box instead of a white paper bag so they wouldn't be damaged in transition before I enjoyed them.

I probably will come back for an Americano ($2.95) if I am in the area till the deal seekers used up their coupons. But definitely not going to rush back!"
"Flavour Cuisine is not too flavourable.

Price VS Quality? $5.95 with soup and a drink?! 

I can see students flocking here for a big order of food at $6 tax in with student specials.

For me it is a pass. My stir fried rice noodle with beef was meh. You really get what you paid for."
"I don't usually route or fly into YYC. I am glad that it was a positive experience. 

Maybe next time I could check out the ""new"" international terminal. Flying to and from Toronto, the domestic terminal experience was A-OK. I like how they even have a liquor store right inside the domestic departure after security.

Until next time! I hope it will be soon I will be at YYC again!"
"Candlelight and Memories is a cute little country styled gift shop located in the Main Street of Stouffville. 

If you or your beloved are into Country Styled home decor, for sure you will find little decor and household items to decorated your home or as gifts. 

The store though pretty small, they have a great selection of seasonal gifts.. so it is always fun to drop by to browse around during X'mas, Valentine's Day, Easter, Summer and Fall.... 

Candlelight and Memories also functioned as a Victorian Tea room serving English Tea in nice China... Now this for sure a little taste of quiet country living in this hectic world."
"The newest location of Gyugyuya in Scarborough. I never been to any of the other locations so I am glad there are more dining options (not like there are not enough already) in this plaza.

Menu is simple. I like small simple menu as I strongly believe in you really need to do a few things that is excellent than 50 different items that are all mediocre and so so.

Chicken Katsu with Curry ($12.99) and Gyudon ($11.99) sadly was both so-so. The portion wise is good as there were tons of rice. I think if you are hungry, you will leave happy. The Chicken katsu was quite moist. The flavour though was salty and heavy with the curry. 

Not a bad option if you want something filling to eat and you want something ""Japanese"". But Gyugyuya probably won't be the top pick for me for Donburi.

Cash or Debit only."
"P. A. T. Spring Garden Market is small compare to all those Mega Korean Supermarket that has been opening up lately! 

Good if you just want to pick up something small.. like you want something last minute and does not bother to go to Galleria or H Mart up Yonge Street...

Selections here is really limited! But curiously they do carries some Chinese and Vietnamese groceries.... (dried noodles, hot sauces and others)"
"Koshari ($5.99) ?? Egyptian National Dish? 

My first experience with Koshari at Baba Geddo was such a confusing experience.. 

Baba Geddo already made me confused..since this small takeout place really has 3 business names: Baba Geddo, Quick Pita and Mr. Burrito..... 

Koshari is one of the most popular, inexpensive dishes in Egypt.. the main ingredients are rice, brown lentils, chickpeas, a spicy garlicky tomato sauce (thinks Tabasco) and macaroni? Macaroni?? topped with fried onion as a garnish. 

After doing some search, I found out that Koshari is really a vegetarian/vegan dish and it is considered a meal that is inexpensive yet filling... oh now I know I was on another cheap date! :) 

BTW, the interior of Baba Geddo was really hot and stuffy on this particular summer afternoon... I felt like I am eating in Cairo... sunny and hot and stuffy! How more authentic can this experience be!!"
"Cacao 70 is not cheap, they are charging the same pricing at every single location across Canada. I had been to their Montreal location years ago so I know what to expect.

This Distillery location though is more basic and one might wonder why this price point?! 

America Style Hot Chocolate ($5.25) is good size for a small. The flavour is rich and tasted like a liquid dessert. 

There was no wait at all when we dropped by in the late afternoon. I doubt I would have waited and pay a premium for a hot chocolate."
"3 years after my first visit and I decided to give this place another try. It was a cold and windy day and Congee is really my kind of comfort food.

I had been bee quite a few Cantonese style rice roll joints so now I kind of know what to expect and start to enjoy this kind of rice roll. 

Plain Rice Roll is pretty good and great value. I would order that again. Even my Pork Blood congee has the punch with a lot of ginger!

I guess I will be coming back again.

BTW, the condiment bottles are a lot cleaner than my last visit!"
"I never been to the ""old"" Goose before the reno, but I love the ""new"" Goose and Firkin!

Love those casual mix and match armchairs, sofas, ottoman... having a drink there with friends are just like hanging out in someone living room!

Service here is super friendly and nice.

Specials seems to be decent: 

For every pint of Guinness you drink, you receive a free take home souvenir pint glass! We of course ordered that! (please check because it may be just for limited time?)

Sunday night is Moosehead for $5.50 a pint which is decent and of course we need to have a pint on green beer on St Patrick Day!

And now to drunk food... we shared 

Stuffed Yorkie ($8.50)
- Yorkshire pudding stuffed with braised pot roast, mashed potatoes and smothered in our rich Guinness gravy
- Just like any pub food, I do find the gravy overloaded with salt
- But the pudding itself I found it taste A-OK..

Live performance, pool tables, darts are also available too!

I definitely will be back for a drink next time when I am in the area!"
"Joey Markville is a welcome addition to the Neighbourhood! 

I was here for a drink and they do have Daily Specials which is a $1 or $2 off the regular price. Draft Beers starts at $5.75 which is not bad as it is quite a nice environment to hang out with friends to catch a game or just chill. Muskoka Cream Ale, Mad Tom IPA and Mill Street Tankhouse also on draft.

We shared:

Baked TO Order Apple Pie ($8.50) -hand-folded pastry, toasted almonds, caramel, maple ice cream, smelled so good. Flaky pastry which I love and the sourness of the apple matched well with the sweetness of caramel and ice cream.

We drank:

Cocktail Pale Ale ($5)
Gringo Cerveza ($5)
Gringo Iceberg ($6)

Service was excellent, since it was a weeknight. Our waitress kept checking on us the whole time and make sure everything was fine. This location works much better than the Eatons Centre and Don Mills because distance from the kitchen to the smaller dining area. It is much faster and easily for the waitress to get everywhere in their short tight back skirts and heels.

I will definitely be back again for a night cap or a drink any time.

FYI: The washrooms are so much closer than the Eatons Centre's location, I don't need to ""walk a mile"" to get there.... Beer Drinking=washroom break, which is really important to beer drinkers!"
"A solid 3.5 

My lunch experience at Kiu was surprisingly good. I like how you can make a reservation online, even though it was not too busy during lunch.

We were welcomed and seated promptly. Service was fast and efficient. We ordered a few items to share and delicious. Portion though on the smaller side but it is what one expect at a higher end Japanese restaurant.

Great to meet up with friends for a leisure lunch meetup. 

I will be back."
"E L Ruddy is small. So small it reminds of someone house. Their kitchen is so small, smaller than most household kitchen and with one cook, the wait for food can be long and painful. 

I would suggest order one of their drink specials, it will make the wait more bearable and they are so so delicious! 

I tried Roobis Ginger Tea with Honey & Spiced Rum ($7) and Steamed Apple Cider with Ginger & Lemon ($5). Fresh chopped ginger tasted so good, and you can add a shot of bourbon for an extra $2.50. 

When our drinks almost finished then the food arrived:

Omelettes - Vegan on a House Made Tofu-Veggie Patty with Daiya ($12)+Sweet Potato ($2)
- The daiya cheese is surprising delicious and so was the tofu based omelette

Yelapa - Two Scrambled Eggs, Home Fries, Refried Beans, Fresh Salsa and House Made Corn Bread ($12)
- love the refried beans, it is quite spicy too! Unfortunately the fresh salsa lack any taste aside from the freshness of the tomato...

E L Ruddy is a good choice to dine with Vegan and Vegetarian friends. As for me, I definitely will be coming back for some cocktails. I think I will be start making my tea at home with spiced rum!"
"I never got brave enough to walk into Souz Dal and have a drink alone....... It just looks so dim, so dark... 

After my pre dinner drink, and my dinner drink and a full stomach, I finally got to go in Souz Dal with 3 other yelpers... 

Dark Dark Back Patio! I was expecting ghouls and ghosts going to jump out and attack me like Halloween event at Wonderland... 

Me Screaming! Oh it was just the lone bartender... looked pale and half alive, kept asking us with half opened eyes with no smile...... 

'Do you want something to drink/"" 
""What do you want to drink?"" 
""Have you decide on what to drink?"" 

Margarita Specials for Tue $5 which was not bad.... I just could not pass on a special........... 

Darkness.............Everywhere....................

(all photos were lousy!! a Pink looking Margarita?!!)"
"I saw the light when I saw this location of Starbucks inside Terminal 1 Departure level near the Security!

I know, it is another Starbucks (yawning) but it is like you see heaven when you wake up at 5:00 AM to drop someone off the airport with just 3 hours of sleep.

Strong brewed coffee really hit the spot! And it stopped my yawning!!"
"After having Momofuku's Pork Belly Bun ($10) in NYC, my yelp buddy knows that I have been daydreaming every night to indulge myself into more fatty goodness... 

But this is Scarborough/Markham... the land where we can find cheap Chinese food... so a $2 Taiwan Taco seems to be a much better choice. 

I have to admit I like this cheaper version much better.. the pork so soft and tender.. since it was braised it has flavours even without any sauces. The whole taco is just a mixture of different tastes: 

Pork - Saltiness 
Pickled Greens - Sour 
Peanuts - Sweet and Crunchy 
Steamed Bun - comforting Soft

Which make eating this Taiwanese bun a complex tasting experience.. 

And for $2?? It makes an excellent snacks!!

If I can put it in the microwave and warm it up a little, it will taste better for sure!"
"Quite happy to see that The Fry opens up in Richmond Hill and even offers lunch special!

Basket of Half Chicken ($15) in Spicy Savoury Sauce
- 3 big pieces of chicken: 3 Joint Wing, Leg and Thigh
- I would prefer to have chicken chopped up in smaller pieces. Though all the pieces were juicy but sadly not enough surfaces to be coated with sauces and a little tricky to eat
- The sides offerings was excellent includes banchans and even a plate of sizzling corn

If I come back, I probably will opt for the boneless as the waitress said the boneless consists of all dark meat!

This is good option for lunch if you are in the area, especially you want to have some KFC!"
"Newland BBQ Square, a Northern Chinese Restaurant  having a Grand Opening Specials.  

Lunch is 50% off Noodles, Rice, Dim Sum and Appetizers... So this review written by me is naturally based on their lunch specials!!

Newland BBQ Square's Chinese name is really Newland Sea Cucumber Restaurant.  So I guess they must be specialized in sea cucumber. The menu is really interesting though with Seafood, Northern BBQ, Hot Pot, etc!

Walking in to the restaurant, I saw some water tanks that has fresh oysters, sea eels and other live seafood... but today I am going for the lunch specials!! 

Great Selections, all written in Chinese but their main menu does have English ""Subtitles"" you can refer to that by the corresponding numbers:

Mixed Sea Cucumber & Cucumber ($4.49)
- Really sea cucumber mixed with celery and parsley
- Sea cucumber does not look so appealing as a whole or when it is alive... 

Steamed Meat Bun ($2.99)
- The skin was a little thick...... not too much soup inside

Lan Zhou Stretched Noodle ($3.99)
- Noodles was nicely cooked with nice bite
- Soup based is clear.. not as flavoured as Vietnamese soup based, has a more tangy and spiciness to it
- Just a few piece of beef floating in this big bowl of soup with green onion, parsley and white radish as garnish.

Black Bean Sauce with Pork Noodle ($2.99)
- I don't really enjoy it as much because I found the sauce a little heavy and saucy... but some chili oil fixed that problem
- The noodle though has great bite!

I think the 50% off is great value when come during lunch. I will definitely be back for that again.

For dinner, everything is 10% off.

The decor is a little strange as this location used to be a Western Seafood restaurant. They do have 2 private room with Karaoke set up if you want to eat your sea cucumber and sing at the same time!!"
"Kim's Nature is one of the best nursery in the area. A one stop for all your gardening needs.

Aside from seasonal bedding plants, flower basket, evergreen and landscapes need, I am really impress with their bonsai collections. There are also birds and fish for sale, which did not even know they carries.

Asking for help though can be a little challenging as this place is a family owed business and really understaff. Parking is also a big issue as there are only around 10 parking spots and during busy gardening season, all these cars are forced to park on the shoulder of Hwy 48."
"I do love the set up at Teazone. The interior is quite spacious..as the tables are not set together... quiet and nice on a weekday afternoon..

Buy 1 get 1 free sign sucked me in... but the offer is just disappointing! I would have one star Teazone if I going to pay $4.99 for my drink...if not for the special!!

Bubble tea is really really watered down even before the ice melted!! And imagine no tapioca pearls available unless I wait for another 30 minutes at 4 pm in the afternoon?!!!"
"Large or Small? Large or Small?

My bowl of Large Bun Bo Hue ($7.50) just looked so sad. 

A few pieces of thin dark meat which I assumed were the beef shank and 2 piece of Vietnamese sausage. All other meats missing in action?! The soup is a weak version of beef broth just add some hot chili oil and lemongrass (reminds me of the paste I can get the supermarket next door)

Portion was on the small size or did I order the small by mistake? But I was sure it was the right order as the lady that took my order gave me the bill too.

Maybe I should have just order the Pho?!

Maybe I should have just skip Pho Dai Nam?"
"Why most of the yoga studios I been to are surrounded by food?? After working out a sweat at The Yoga Sanctuary, it was time for lunch! 

As usual, not surprisingly, I got suck into another Japanese Restaurant. Mitsui Japanese Restaurant is located at the same plaza with Orly Grill at the corner of Bathurst and Elgin Mills. 

There are no menu displayed in the window, so I went into inside with Cantonese Pop Music welcoming me... hmmmm 

Lunch Specials from $6 or so... fit well into my budget. 

Sushi Lunch ($6.50) has shrimp, tuna an salmon nigri and spicy tuna roll. The fish was fresh and thickly sliced and shari rice quite balanced. They were surprisingly good compare to a lot of other sushi joint I been to especially at this price point. 

The decoration is really basic and functional. Wait staffs all Cantonese speaking who provided me with fast services."
"How I ended up at Tutto Bene? I don't really know...

Canada Day last minute dinner plan with my Yelp Friend and Hot Yoga Date was not easy..as the challenge is finding a place that is open, decent and none of us been to and have food that all of us enjoy.

Italian restaurant is always a safe bet if you go out with a vegetarian as there are always even choices of pasta and vegetarian and cheese at least you don't feel too deprived with the lack of meat.

Grilled Melody of  Seafood: Shrimp, Scallop. Calamari in Bouillabaise Broth ($12.95) of course was not a vegetarian choice but the seafood was fresh and the broth just seasoned perfectly.

Riagatoni with Porcini and Portovello Mushrooms in Roasted Garlic Tomato Sauce $16.95 was decent, pasta cooked al dente. However, Tutto Bene believes in portion control, I need more!!

Pizza with Sweet Basil Pesto, Grilled veggies, ripe pear and goat cheese ($14.95) was a little disappointed... hardly any pesto sauce on the pizza itself and where was the pear?? The pizza itself was a tad dry...

Services though is quick, but our server was a little impersonal... and I hate when wait staff trying to push me to order more food...

The atmosphere at Tutto Bene can be a little loud... however, I think that fit me perfectly because I did get loud after half a glass of Pinot Grigio!"
"3.5 star

This review is for the Dim Sum at Grand Lake Chinese Cuisine.

Monday to Friday Early Bird (ordered before 11:30 am) and Afternoon Tea (1:30 pm to 4:00 pm) 
or
Saturdays/Sundays/Holidays Early Bird Special only (leave by $11:30 am), no afternoon hangover specials

Small/Medium/Large Dim Sums all for $2.20.

We were here on a weekday at around 2 pm, the restaurant was empty aside for another 2 tables. 

Dim sum still took awhile to be served to us since all the items are cooked when order.

The dim sum selections (over 90 items to choose from) and  quality are all decent... and all for$ 2.20 each? I am not complaining.

The decor is a little dated, but Grand Lake just feels like a traditional Chinese dim sum place minus the push cart ladies!!

I'll definitely be back for the specials!!!"
"Welcome to the NEW Second Cup!

Craft Coffee Bar? Pour Over? Steampunk? Espresso?

Phone Charging Station?

A Barista that knows about Coffee Profile and can do a decent pourover? 

I just love the new concept."
"This review of Marcellos Pizzeria is based on my dining experience with a vegetarian. 

I usually just let my Hot yoga Date picks where we go for dinner as I am an eat whatever and she is a vegetarian. 

Italian seems to be good choice as there's always meatless pizza and meatless pasta...so we ended up at Marcellos.

On a Tuesday night, there's still a short wait for a table... but always a good sign as at least one have hope that the place has to be good. 

Pizza Primavera ($12.95) Tomato sauce, mozzarella, pesto, sundried tomatoes, onions, green olives & green peppers, which we really enjoyed... eyeing each other to see who was going to have the last slice.

Gnocchi al Pomodoro ($10.95) was a little disappointingly bland with just tomato sauce..... me thinking about Linguine Frutti di Mare ($16.95) while chewing on those tasteless Gnocchi

Tiramisu ($ 4.95) saved our evening. Great portion for sharing, nothing better to bond with your friend while fighting over a great dessert.

I think I would have to come back with another date so I can do an update that is not bias...."
"This is an update since my last visit more than 5 years ago!

Came here for lunch and ordered Shabu Shabu for 2 @$11.99 each. Portion though smallish if you are a big eater but everything was fresh and delicious.

Love the Jar of Kimchi which is super garlicky but quite addictive.

Service was efficient.

I will come back have some of those giant dumplings next time!"
"I made the reservations through Opentable and use a Fabfind coupon for this particular visit to Wildfire Steakhouse. 

We have really attentive services even though we did not drink any wine or order a lot of food. 

Grilled Calamari ($13) 
- The calamari is nice and tender... not chewy at all. There is a little bit of smokey taste from the grill... 
- The sauce is a little spicy and sour making it a great appetizer 

Filet Mignon ($44) 
- Cooked exactly as we requested. The server did make a good effort to make sure that she can tell the kitchen how we like our steak done.. 
- Beef is butterly tender, with nice grilled marks! 

Grilled Sea Bass ($30) 
- Really disappointed with the fish. The reason I like sea bass is really the great texture and the fresh taste. The sea bass I have here was sliced thinly then grilled. The texture is really mushy and has this bad fishy taste... 
- I suggest to stick with the steak! 

I think Wildfire Steakhouse is a little overpriced. I don't mind if I have a deal if I have to pay full price I don't think I will be eating here. Since I will be looking at paying around $100 per person with a full meal and drinks! There are a lot of other options at that price range!"
"2.5 Star

I have been shopping at The Mall at South Unionville Square for Months! But I only shop at T&T Unionville in the ground level. I never even realize that there are shops that opens for business in the second level till today.

This Mall has a lot of potential. Maybe a year or 2 down the road with the new condo complex ready for occupancy and then the empty units with new business starting up, this will be a great place to shop!

I love the spacious underground parking which never been busy. 

But as of now, there are only a handful of stores open for business with a lot of empty units with for lease/sale signs."
"Est West Korean Fine Cuisine opened up recently at First Markham Place, taking over another Korean BBQ restaurant.

They kept most of the decoration but just put up some more partition and have more BBQ tables for 2... so provide more privacy and more couple friendly!

They have lunch specials for almost everything on the menu, which is a $1 cheaper than dinner.. so you won't be saving much. However on Monday to Wednesday, they do have one special item that is on special which may worth your while.

This afternoon.. I am this urges of eating meat.. so ended up ordering:

BBQ Kalbi beef ribs served on a hot plate ($11.99)
- Nicely presented and the beef have a great mixture of fat and lean... 
- portion size was decent.. 
- 6 banchans and my waitress was happy to give me refills if I request

Est West is a decent place if you want to have some Korean food and BBQ.  Services and environment is much better than Nan Wok, if you don't mind paying a little more!"
"Golden Elephant is owned and runned by the same people from Vietnam Noodle Star. 

The menu  and the prices are identical to Vietnam Noodle Star too.

The deco is better, the lighting is dimmer and the restaurant is more roomy. There are booths on the side of the restaurant. They are a little bit tight for 4 people but great if you just perfect for 2.

I ordered my usual pho with raw beef. The soup base is the same as Noodle Star, so it is as tasty. The rice noodle is the fresh type! Thanks so much for that...! The beef is not too raw though.. there are little fat in them. The large size is just perfect lunch size for me, I am full and still feel full after 2 hours... : )

The service is fast and friendly. 

No lunch special.

Cash only!

They closes late 12AM Sunday - Thu, 1:00 AM Friday and Saturday!

I like it here better than Noodle Star because the seatings are more comfortable and the lighting is a little softer and the tables are not as packed together!"
"AYCE hot pot? My father's eyes lighted up after I told him that's where we heading for dinner... an early dinner...

Kim Tao Hot Pot has Senior Specials which further gave him that little twinkle in his eyes... and for all he know is that he can eat more than me but pay less than me, that's definitely a bargain.

I am glad that we arrived early on a Sunday evening at 5:30 pm the place was empty and we got all our orders quick and fresh. 

While I enjoying my handmade balls: fish, beef and cuttlefish, my father ate 3 rounds of beef....... 

The services did go downhill when the place started to fill up..... but by that time, we were done eating and ready to leave.

I'll be back to Kim Tao Hot Pot with an empty stomach... ready to eat!!"
"For the price and the amount of food you get, Fantastic Curry House is for sure Fantastic!!

My lunch specials for $6.25 includes:

- a funny tasting Tom Yum soup that has tons of cooked bean sprouts in it
- a choice of pop or soy milk drink
- a BBQ pork/spring roll bun

My bun was huge in portion but not in taste. Pork was a little dry, spring roll was deep fried in stale oil. However, I do remember Fantastic Curry House targeted lunch crowds are the students in the area. And students love here! 

Next time maybe I will give their Curry chicken lunch set a try when I want a big lunch!!"
"When I saw the $10 entrees specials promotion on Southside Restaurant and Bar, I am IN! 

This is a neighbourhood restaurant I drove by almost everyday and it is next to my favourite library in Markham. On this Wednesday night, though with the Leaf's game on, the place was empty aside from a handful of people.... 

I don't blame them, this place just looked dark from the outside, I almost just drove by thinking that it was closed. 

The selections on the $10 entrees are pretty good: burgers, fish, pasta, and even curry chicken and pad thai!! 

Blackened Mahi with veggie and rice ($10) was nicely done with a nice touch of spice. The portion though on the small side but at that price point,  I am not complaining!

The decor here is surprisingly classy and warm with dark mahogany furnishing. 

The service from the lone waitress was efficient but kind of cold...."
"A moment of weakness: as it was close to midnight and almost everything else in the plaza were closed and after eating Double Inferno earlier, I don't think I should be having more spicy food! And I made the wrong decision to come to New Choice Restaurant again.

I guess I should have learn from my own experience and read my own review using my Yelp App before walking through the doors... but New Choice is open till 4 am.. it cannot be worse than my lunch special...

I was WRONG!

The only thing that I enjoyed was the Plain Congee ($1.50) in its purity with no added seasoning or ingredients... I was just so glad we ordered that and we even order another bowl!

I have to declare I have the worst Taiwanese Three-Cup Chicken ($9.95) in my life, where's the 3 cup -  each of soy sauce, rice wine, and sesame oil and where's the ginger and basil? Why are the chicken so heavily battered deep fried and gluey? After one bite, I just couldn't eat that and I thought I ordered the wrong dish! You sure that's chicken?!  I confirmed with the kitchen again and he said it is the 3-Cup Chicken!! 

Taiwanese Style Stir Fried ($5.95) was as bad. The tofu was deep fried to crispy dryness. At least I enjoyed the peanuts as it went well with my congee.

After the renovation, the interior does feel cleaner.

Note to self, I am not coming back here again!!!!!!!!"
"I just cannot do it... I just cannot watch my ""Vegan for Lent"" friend to eat beans boiled in water with rice while I eat my meat.....

Now is her turn at Live Organic Food Bar where she can proudly announces that she can eat anything and everything on the menu!

Chickpea Fries ($10)
- the cornmeal gives the fries a hint of sweetness
- quite filling.. and enjoyable

BBQ 'Pulled' Burdock ($15)
- Gluten free buns tasted like over toasted bagels
- Burdock has this fully taste and texture which I find it meh... the tofu though tasted good! 

Gnocchi with Rose Cream ($16) 
- pretty hearty and tasty
- the sauce is surprising good with sun dried tomato and argula 

S'more ($8)
- I am not used to healthy dessert.... without butter, egg and cream.. the ""cake"" itself is rock solid hard... we just stabbing at it trying to break that apart
- dark chocolate makes everything OK...

I am not converted.... I can eat Vegan food once in awhile but I don't think I can make it my lifestyle... BTW, I hope my date is not going to be on a Vegan, Raw and Gluten and Nut free diet, if so I'm going to just buy some organic lettuce and carrots and feed that to her instead, at least that will be way way cheaper!

The beer and cocktail list seems to be ok, I think I can handle those! Maybe I am just go on a Vegan drinking only diet!"
"Why am I eating at Kowloon Dim Sum Restaurant out of all these restaurants lining along Baldwin Street?

Can I tell you I was forced? But really no one can be forced!! I went in because I was following my Yelp eating Buddies.... and when it was 3 against 1......... 

I really don't want to eat dim sum at 9 PM at a strange place so ended up we ordered

Lobster in Black Bean and Garlic Sauce ($13.99)
Oyster with Green Onion and Ginger ($11.99)
Vegetables with garlic ($11.99)

All was Meh!! And heavy on MSG, I was thirsty for the whole night!

Oysters were not too fresh and were overcooked........

Staffs are friendly and speaks good English so non Chinese speaking would feel right at home!!

I think I would not be coming back to Kowloon again............ oh please Yelp eating Buddies, can we go somewhere else?!!"
"I do support local business and I am just glad that Chef Lin opened up in my neighbourhood. 

Being a small scale neighbourhood restaurant, I don't really see the need to offer such an extensive menu; Thai, Malay, Hakka, Cantonese, Northern Chinese, Taiwanese, Shanghainese Dim Sum and more. Seriously they need to trim down the menu and concentrate on some Signature dishes instead. Maybe some Chef Lin's Recommendations?

Lunch menu from $6.99 has over 20 items to choose from and includes a can of pop/bottle water. 

Chicken Pad Thai ($7.50) is just too saucy and with only a really flat one dimensional taste: Sour. Though Pad Thai might be argue to be something that Chinese immigrants has a great influence on, but Pad Thai is not equal to Chinese food. Thai food does has the distinctive taste of hot, sweet, sour and spicy. 

I know it is unfair to compare to a Pad Thai that is done by an authentic Thai Chef: Jatujak or Pai but sadly what Chef Lin's version has not much Thai in that.

Chef Lin does shown promise and is really working hard to be establish in the neighbourhood but just dishing out 4/5 stars is not helping the business at all as customers has a really high expectation after reading those reviews and ended up being disappointed.

I would come back to try their Taiwanese Beef Noodle soon: handmade in house noodle sounds promising.

Chef Lin being quite new and hopefully would improve overtime and would one day found their identity and their signature dishes!"
"The first time I was looking for this SJCB location down in the PATH and I was lost. Finally a nice Yelper (aka The Duke of Financial District/Downtown Core) led me and shown me the way but it was closed by the time I got there...

The second time I was looking for this SJCB location down in the PATH and I was lost. Going around in circles looking for 150 King St W... and some previous review and tip saying it is at Exchange Tower but it is really at Sun Life Financial! 

There was a line but it moved so fast! It is more than just a take out place as you can request your espresso drink in a real coffee cup instead of paper cup. But by default, they would serve you in a to go cup.

Cappuccino ($3.10) was beautiful crafted with lovely latte art. The milk was perfectly foamed and was so smooth. The brew itself was really mellow.

Now all I have to do is just to remember how to get there again next time when I am in the PATH. Hopefully I will find it again."
They are CLOSED!
"I had been to A! Xiang's Scarborough location so I know what to expect, maybe with just no expectation?

With all these Yunnan Cross Bridge Noodle Places popping all over GTA, they all just feels similar and familiar. I would not say this is better or worse than others.

Sizzling hot and spicy soup broth did make me happy on a cold and snowy wintery day. 

Staff was fast and efficient. Most of the waitress here speaks Cantonese and Mandarin. 

Probably will be back but not on my regular rotation of restaurants."
"Do yourself a flavour. Ignore everything on menu. 

If you want an excellent bowl of Braised Beef Noodle in Soup 紅燒牛肉面($8.49), Chef Lin probably serves one of the best in Markham and Beyond.

The beef broth is rich and have layer of flavour. The beef is of premium cut and so soft and tender. Noodle cooked perfectly with a great bite.

The wait though was long for my Perfect bowl of noodle even with an empty restaurant. But it definitely worth my while."
"With everyone kept telling me how awesome Ethiopian food is, I am ready to give it a try. My Hot yoga Date who is an Ethiopian food fanatic was nice enough to take me under her wings and took me for this ""exotic"" food experience. 

We ended up at Ethiopiques, not because it is a good restaurant for a first timer because we have a voucher! Since it was a Tuesday evening, we did not call in for reservations and the waitress just rolled her eyes and tell us next time we need to call first..and she will let us go this time.. Will there be a next time? 

Services was really really really slow..... we waited to have our order taken, waited for drink, waited for food.. waited for the bill... 

Vegetarian Platter for both of us.. Yes I think I am slowly converted to a vegetarian one meal at a time. I found the selection interesting and each of those puddles of mashed food tasted quite unique.... but it was just too dark in the restaurant. Those rolled napkins looking spongy tasting sour dough flat bread for sure is not going to be my carb of choice, as I don't really enjoy it's texture! 

Ethiopian Coffee ritual though was fun! My date was laughing her heads off when I looked so freaked out with the waitress trying to hit me with the hot roasting coffee pan. I really enjoy the coffee, nice, strong and aromatic, a great finish for our dinner while I stuffed my face with popcorn!

BTW, I found out I really like to eat with my hands... and making eating Ethiopian food a really primitive sensual experience!"
"I think I am in love... with a Chameleon.

I am never a fan of reptile till my first ever visit to Reptilia: a reptile zoo.

Reptilia is small but well organized. If you just want to walk through the whole exhibit, it would take you less than 30 minute. And you might be a little disappointed since you paid $15 admission and that's not much to see?!

Tip is to check their website for feeding schedule which is usually on a weekend so you can see these predators in action.

Watching an albino boa constrictor eating a whole rabbit and crocodiles feeding on fish and lobsters were definitely the highlight of my visit. Listening to a crocodile roar which has an effect of me being in Jurassic Park was priceless! 

Each hour in the theatre, zoo keeper would have a little presentation of different reptiles and you can even pet them gently! Everyone got a chance to be close and up front with a snake, a baby crocodile or whatever animal they were doing a presentation with!

The paid admissions helps in running of the facilities which is well maintained and the animals all looks happy.

I just wish the staff would be more straight with their NO flash photography policy. I just feel so sorry for this little chameleon that got flashed numerous of times during the presentation up close. And why would one want to flash a bunch of crocodiles?!"
"Stepping into Klavon's does give me a feeling of stepping back in time. 

1920's?! That's almost over 100 years ago. Maybe that's the good old days where you can find soda fountain together with medications?? 

The staffs here are just like grandmothers too... Sweet smiling ladies taking our orders while my friend just could not decide what she wanted? Ice Cream Float? Ice Cream Sundae? or that Super Bowl Sundae ($25) that comes with 8 scoops of ice cream plus all the fixings!

Here at Klavon's the ice cream selections are more traditional too. You find your good old, Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Peanut Butter Fudge.. 15 different ones to choose from. And make sure to request their special flavoured whipped cream!

My scoop of Toasted Almond Fudge ($2.80) so nutty and smooth. 

Klavon's Twenty-Eight Ice Cream Parlor is definitely neat place for a little time out if you are in the area! The experience will put a smile on your face!"
"We have been to Milestones at this location a couple of time but what brings us here for this visit is because of the $10 coupon from Shopper Drug Mart. 

I always find the hostess at Milestones really so cheerful! So excited to see us... It is a little fake but just think about the opposite and I will take that! Anyway we were seated promptly in one of the booths for two. 

One good thing about Milestones menu I find is aside from their staples item, new seasonal items are offered, this does make the menu more exciting! 

I decided to have this Raspberry Mimosa. I really enjoyed that with the fresh Raspberry. It is so refreshing for hot sunny day... and I love raspberries! 

For the appetizers we ordered the Roast Caesar Salad and the Kobe mini sliders. The salad was not fresh! Some of the leaves are kind of brownish... hmmmm. The waiter replaced that with a new order with no questions asked.. The sliders though are really good.. especially the mustard dipping sauce! It really give it a good kick! yummy 

For the main courses we ordered the Seafood Fettuccine and Sea bass with Shitake sauce. Both are delicious! The bread stick with the pasta though is not eligible! It tasted more like a stick.. hard and solid! The rice that comes with the Sea bass has a vinginette reduction on it so it does taste a little like Sushi Rice! 

The services though is a little slow with a half empty restaurant. The good thing is that Hockey game is on.. so we kept ourselves entertained watching the game while we wait for our dishes! 

I will be back to Milestone again! Why?? Because I receive a free appetizer with purchase of an entree next time I visit within 42 days if I complete the online survey! 

BTW, the Wednesday date specials is a good deal! $50 for 2 with sharing appetizer and dessert plus an entrees for each person!"
"There are some dishes that are meant to be share, as sharing is caring?! or just some of the dishes are suppose to serve 2 and up?

Apkujung Restaurant's Chicken Ginseng Soup with Noodle & Congee ($23/2 people servings) would be a dish that I would love to share with my friend or vice versa.

BTW, Ginseng Chicken Soup traditional are supposed to be consumed on the hottest day of summer.. for me anytime is a good time! 

Watching the food heating up from in front of you while munching on banchen, hot pot style. Then when the chicken is ready, the waitress would come and cut it up and serve that to you..... then you wait again for the noodle to be cooked...and she came back and serve you again.... then you wait for the congee to be cook, and now you have this congee that has all the nutrients from the chicken and ginseng that suppose to be really good for you?!

Healthy, Tasty and Wholesome! That's how I felt after having my meal. And drinking the yogurt drink after as dessert did help with digestion.

The question now is when am I coming back to have that again? I need support, I could not do this alone.............."
"This review is based on my shopping experience on their Grand Opening Day.

$25 gift cards were handed out to the first 50 shoppers and there were only 20 shoppers waiting in line at 8:50 am?! The sweetest giveaway compared to other stores! 

Everything was extra 10% off and of course with my $25 gift card the price was really good! 

Salesperson all really anxious to help and all sizes readily available!

I guess I was lucky. But my friends that got new Puma shoes as gifts are luckier than me!"
"Richmond Hill Central Library is quite nice... 

I love the open and green area in front of the library. 

The little coffee shop inside the main floor that allows you to buy a drink and sip while relaxing is a great idea. 

The whole third floor is a quiet zone... big signs telling you what you allow to do or not allow to do. I love those arm chairs facing the big windows... comfy and have a great view! 

But why 2 star?!! You have to have a library card in order to use their WIFI!! So if you are not a resident of Richmond Hill... you are out of luck!! 

BOO!!!!!!!!"
"2.5 Star

Tuptim Thai Cuisine -- The Best Thai Cuisine in Town?

I should have know! I couldn't argue that statement since Tuptim Thai is the only Thai restaurant I been to in Newmarket, maybe it is relatively the best compare to the rest in town....

Nestled in a more industrial area as my GPS took me past garages and industrial area until I arrive at the door of Tuptim.

We decided to share:

L-1 Minced B.B.Q. Beef or Chicken (Larb)  $8.50 
- Did my friend order Chicken for us? How come now is Beef?
- It tasted pretty good with a nice kick of spices, herb and saltiness

Lunch Special Beef Pad Ped with rice, spring roll and soup $7.99
- Beef with hot sauce is not bad
- But I definitely skip that Hot and Sour Soup.. 

D-2 Black Rice with Thai Custard $4.50
- Why it looks totally different from the photo?? 
- Why is the custard looks rock solid?
- Why is the rice dry and hard?
- Why this thing taste so bad?
- Why they still have it on the menu?
- Maybe this is the sign for me to go back to Thailand soon?

Service is nice and friendly. really genuine Thai hospitality! I just wish the food is better....

Seems like they just updated the lunch menu since we visited and lunch are now $6.99 with over 20 choices! 

Tuptim Thai might need to concentrate on downsizing their menu, as with such a huge selections it is really hard to guarantee every dishes would be great.. I don't understand why they even serving Pho?!"
"I don't think that New Choice Restaurant is going to be my new choice for lunch specials.

The interior is so dated! The floors are sticky and the upholstery of some of the chairs are ripping. 

Lunch Specials is a good deal starting from $3.50 that includes a congee and fried Chinese dough. Noodle/Rice dishes are $4.50 includes coffee/tea.

Sweet Corn and Tofu Congee was not bad.. quite sizable. The bean sprout noodle  was cold and oily. urgh! The milk tea that comes with it was Meh..... 

Service here is efficient but cold. All menus here are in Chinese... so good luck if you cannot read them!

No, I am not coming back! Thank you!

Cash Only!"
"I do believe in second chance so when my friend asked me out for a lunch date at EatBkk, I am IN!

Lunch special still a good value for $10.95. We ordered Chicken Pad Thai and Basil Crispy Pork Belly.

Sadly, the pork belly was so dried and hard. Nothing crispy at all, but maybe the rice all the side? The white rice was hard and cold and undercooked. Thai rice is one of my favorite rice and this is just disappointing.

Thai Spicy request was met with a lazy effort from the Kitchen by just throwing a spoonful of dried chili on top. (I wish for fresh chili or the seed of fresh chili)

Luckily Fried Morning Glory saved the day! This is probably the only dish I would have ordered next time. Papaya Salad over Morning Glory Fritter. So insanely good! Though lack the spiciness but easily solved by some pickled Thai Chili on the side.

Maybe I will be back again. Maybe my friend would invite me to join her for lunch? Just rest assured that I will be ordering more Morning Glory!"
"King's Vegetarian Food has everything you can think of if you want to cook up an vegetarian/vegan meals.

The staff was so helpful and knowledgable, explaining to me about their different products they carries and how to prepare them properly.

They also have a good selections of lunchbox prepared food.. all you do is just heat it up in the microwave and you have your lunch/dinner ready! 

There are also a lot of vegetarian snacks that you can get. The ""beef"" jerky snacks that makes of mushrooms have the texture and the taste of beef.

BTW, King's Vegetarian Food also provides for a lot of the vegetarian restaurants in GTA including King's Cafe, Zen Restaurant and Joe Yee Vegetarian Restaurant."
"Wings, Beers and Sports

Buffalo Wild Wings would and should makes any guys happy.... Any even I am a happy camper during my visit! 

TV all around showing basketballs, hockey and more... Never a boring moment! 

If you not into sports, you can also play interactive poker and trivia games against other patrons. 

If you are still bored or sucks in games, use their open Wifi and Yelp.. 

Of course there are beers and wings and more. LOVE their snack option that able to have an order of 5 and try different Flavour. FYI, blazin the hottest one on the menu is Not too hot. We also tried Mango Haberno and Buffalo flavors. 

Tuesday 60 cents wings anyone? 

Or there are all sort of specials..."
"Spring Villa is really a good restaruant for dim sum. 

We went on a Monday for lunch.. and we still need to wait for a table! This is not the special price time slots and the price is a lot more expensive but this place is still pack with people!

Always more fun to go with a bunch of people, as we can order more different food, I love the steamed beef rice noodle roll as there is watercress inside.. the first time I ate this combination. The chicken pie is great too! It has that melt in your mouth yumminess! All the other dim sum dishes are all really good!

Really need to come during specials, then one can order more food and have a bash!

They accepts Amex, Visa and MC!"
"Papa Chang's Express located inside Pacific Mall is good to get some Taiwanese snacks and comfort food.

Tucked in the 2nd floor in the middle of all these alleys and stalls. Just walk around, you will find it eventually. 

Minced Pork with Sausage ($3.49) and Popcorn Chicken ($4.99) were both ok. Not gourmet food but more like street food for a quick snack. The use of dark meat for the popcorn chicken did make the pieces more moist but I highly recommend sharing that, as the taste did get a little boring after a few pieces.

Place your order and walk around for 10 to 15 minute and your order will be ready."
"3.5 Star

Lunch Special, nuff said!

Hibiki is the newest Japanese restaurant in the area. 

Excellent sashimi! I highly recommend the Sashimi Lunch ($15.99). A little expensive? But what you get more than worth the price! 

There are definitely room for improvement. Shari Rice a little off and I wish they serves short-grain round Japanese rice with their sashimi which when cooked perfectly can be the star of the dish.

Pro Tip: Coffee or Ice Cream? 

As a coffee lover I would suggest ordering coffee instead of ice cream. Their coffee is Siphon Coffee made to order. Not some thing you can get in other Japanese restaurants or any of the coffee shops in the area!! 

You will see me enjoying my quiet lunch here quite often at Hibiki and sipping on coffee!"
"Hana-Bi Sushi is runned by a Korean family. I have to agreed with Bijan that it is the best lunch specials ($6.99) in terms of price in the area!!

What can one expect from $6.99?? Here at Hana-Bi Sushi will buy you 
- green tea
- miso soup
- salad
- bento box with 2 tempura tofu, 1 dumpling, 6 pc of Sashimi, 4 pc of Cali roll, 2 pc of big roll, 4 pc of sushi
- yogurt drink as dessert
- nice and friendly service

The restaurant itself is nice and comfy. The service is quick and friendly. The food is decent.

I will be definitely be back for a quick cheap lunch again! Just think how much T&T asking for one of their pre made nasty tasting sushi!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac!"
"Another Fro Yo Place!!

I am glad that Yogurty's opens up at this location just North of the Promenade. Close to some of the yoga studios I frequent so I can have a treat after my class.

Right across from Westmount Collegiate, this location does attract a lot of high school students. 

Even at 9 pm at night on a weekday, there's still a constant flow of customers.

Free sampling does make the yogurt dispensers a little messy, but one of the staffs constantly make sure every ting is clean and tidy.

I was a little disappointed that they were out of the Original flavour.

Plenty of seats and ample parking, great place to chill with your friends or alone!"
"I no longer need to chase after a ""Chestnut Mobile"" outside Splendid China. http://www.yelp.ca/biz/mr-chestnut-scarborough for one of my favourite healthy snack food - Chestnut!

Roasted on site daily and available 7 days a week even during statutory holidays. $4 for a small one and for best value is $6.75 for the large.

They also have a customer appreciation stamp card: buy 10 get 1 free.

Tin Tin (Daily) Chestnut now really available everyday!"
"Dimmi Bar & Trattoria was busy even on a weekday afternoon. We got stuck at a table near the kitchen so I total feel that the place was buzzing with actions...

Standard Italian restaurant menu so everyone would definitely find something that they enjoy.... 

3 of us ended up sharing:

Baby Spinach and Walnut Salad ($14.95)  in a honey balsamic vinaigrette with roasted walnuts, blue cheese, and candied fruit was delightful. It is hard to believe but this was the best part of my lunch.

Fettucine Alla Riviera ($19.95) With shrimps, scallops, mussels, clams and calamari with a really really light tomato sauce... a little too light maybe? Portion is really small...definitely not good for sharing! I can eat 2 of those.....

Diavola ($14.95) Pizza with tomato sauce, mozzarella and spicy homemade Italian sausage... My Yelp friend who is a spice lover was draw to that when he said SPICY!... but definitely that's not too much heat but plenty of sodium.... now I am a feeling that I am going to stick with veggie or plain options for pizza toppings from now on...

Service is lukewarm and rush as the staffs were busy serving the lunch crowds....

I think I would give Dimmi a pass... I probably won't be coming back for their cooking, but if you are in Yorkville, you probably can give the place a try!"
"I do enjoy simpler things in life. With this newer trend of fancy bakery shops popping up all over Toronto and GTA, I starting to value some traditional Chinese pastry. They are not photo worthy or can attract all these LIKES, but food is more than just worth posting online.

Sweetheart Cake 老婆餅 or Wife's Cake is one of those classic examples. There are a few folklore of who and why this was named. But I do love the chewiness and the QQ texture as glutinous rice flour is used to mix in with candied wintermelon.

One of the best Chinese bakery to get one of these is at Aroma Bakery. They baked all their pastries on site and you can just smell how good they are even before stepping in."
"3.5 stars

Scarborough, a land where Tim Horton's rules! One will find a Tim Horton's in almost every major intersections, in a gas stations and everywhere you look.. 

A coffee shop in Scarborough that has their own coffee roaster and roast them in house?!! That is really hard to believe!! 

The Village Roaster is this rare gem that is one of the kind in Scarborough. As stated in their website all the beans are roasted in small patches on the premise. 

For drip coffee, all their signature toast are available: light, dark and special. All the baked goods are nicely displayed.. all looks so tempting, especially the butter pecan tarts.. I caved in and got a biscotti.. 

Cappuccino ($3.10) and Hazelnut chocolate dipped biscotti ($1) 
- Cappuccino is Not bad.. but lacking something... I like my roast stronger
- I really enjoyed the biscotti, not too crunchy and really so chocolaty!! 

The decoration is similar to Second Cup. Love the sofa love seat right by the door.. Nice and relaxing sipping my coffee there. 

The roaster is an impressive and nice decoration in the store. Maybe I should buy some of their coffee beans and make some coffee at home! 

BTW, I really not too excited when staffs trying to practice how to make milk froth for my drink right in front of me... 

Though open till 10 pm, but No WIFI access. so The Village Roaster would not be my Yelp Office!"
"Should I go to Ajax Main Branch Library across the street? 

Should I go to Debbie's Boutique Cafe?

Both have Free WIFI...but Debbie's has drinks..food...dessert...and much more cozier!!

Cappuccino ($3.65) was steamy hot with a nice milk foam on top. The roast is a little weak and mellow but did make a good breakfast drink.

The interior has this some one family room vibe... and if you have kids they can even have a scoop or 2 of the Kawartha Ice Cream.

Opens till 9:30 pm... that's pretty late for a suburb Cafe...and on Saturday after 6:30 pm they even have an Open Mic Session...."
"Mayan Hot Chocolate with my Hot and Spicy Best Friend at Soma Chocolatemaker?!

On a winter day nothing better than sipping a liquid dessert and just daydream or just catching up with your friend....

I personally love the space at the King Street location a lot better than the location at Distillery! The spacious high ceiling, the seating, and the open kitchen that you can really look at how those chocolate are made!

Please tell me Hot Chocolate if they are spicy, they are not flattening?! Please just lie to me?! I will believe everything you say...."
"This is the second location of Le Bamboche in Toronto. I like this location better because of the more open design and how the storefront facing Avenue Road, letting me to people watch while sipping my coffee and enjoying French pastry on this Sunday afternoon. 

The display case full of different flavours of macaron really catches my eyes... and so the nice staff saying oh buy 6 and no taxes! Hey how can I resist the bargain! (FYI, I ate all 5 of them without sharing!) Love all the flavours I got!! And the size ...and how when it crumbles on the outside and nice/soft inside.....and the flavours so intense!! 

Chocolate Croissant is A-OK! Flaky and light with oh yummy rich chocolate filling, went so well with my cappuccino!! Quiche.. I never really like sun dried tomato in any form.. but the quiche base is excellent, nice and moist. 

I did have fun Eyeing the starting at $800,000+ 2 bedroom low density condo building across the street... daydreaming that maybe one day..... 

BTW, Le Bamboche is named after a French restaurant in Paris."
"Sim! Sim! (Yes! Yes!)

Eu amo grelhado frango! (I love grilled chicken!)

Eu amo quente molho! (I love hot sauce)

Pollo Loco Churasqueria really serves up nice tender chicken. My extra spicy request was fullfilled when my chicken was drowned in this orange, hot sauce.. remind me of Todasco sauce but not as sour tasting! Yes, I ask for spicy!

This is really a takeout spots so we ended up eating in the car. The 1/4 combo that nice man gave me is more like a 1/2 combo?? Maybe he feels sorry for me for my poor attempt of speaking in Portuguese!"
"This location is so organized and have great customer service.

Not that I am into frozen food but sometimes it is nice to have some backup in the freezer if you have unexpected guests or your homemade dessert did not turn out the way you want it to be?! (true story!)

Chicken Wings when on sale at $7.99 is good price for the quality. I love the Mango Haberno for the little spicy kick!

And Pecan Pie is delicious!

Check fliers online for specials as some of the products can be on sale at 50% off and if you are a frequent buyer, sign up for Max Reward card online!"
"T & T just opened up a brand new location at Woodbine and 16th! Open everyday from 9 am to Midnight!

This store is big, since this used to be No Frills and National Sports Centre.... and with the bigger retail space, T & T is able implement something a little different than others in the area.

Now there is a section where you see fresh Northern Dim Sum/Dumplings being prepared... you can either buy them cooked for immediate consumption or the uncooked one to boil/steam/fried them at home and pretend you made themyourself!

There is also now a little booth making fresh Korean fish shape pastry. There are also a bigger selections of baked goods, Asian twist of Western pastries?!

This T & T seems to be a lot well stocked than the Milliken location with a bigger selections of Japanese/Korean/Taiwanese products. There is also a great selections of ""Canadian"" groceries and even a whole aisle of healthy/organic food products.

As usual, since the store just opened and having special sale: $3.99/lb lobster! and other specials... this place is a ZOO!!!!!!! Luckily, all the cashiers were opened and there was no wait at all to cash out.... 

BUT the hard part is to find a parking spot. I was here on a Friday early afternoon and the parking lot was jam packed!!! I feel sorry for other business that shares the same parking lot. Hopefully, all these hype would die down soon............

Be Careful NOT to run over other people with your shopping cart.... Breathe and Be Patient!"
"I have been to Hamaru Sushi's original location at Yonge and Finch https://www.yelp.ca/biz/hamaru-sushi-toronto and glad that they reopened again.

Lunch Special till 3 pm but sadly I just missed that by 5 minute or so. (They should have put that in their menu as of when it is offered)

I ended up ordering a dinner combo of Sushi and Tempura ($19).  The sushi was well made and shari rice was balanced. Sadly the shrimp tempura has this really thick and soggy batter that would have made this a 4 star experience. It is though a good value for the price.

I will probably be back and have some of their sushi and just skip the tempura.

Lunch does sound good for the perfect portion."
"Gelato Gelato!!

On a hot summer day, I was happy to enjoy enjoy some gelato too!

There are over 30 different flavours to choose from. What should I have? Decision Decision..

$4.42 for 2 scoops either in a cone or a cup.

Torrone/Hazelnut
Tiramisu/Frutti di Bosco (Mixed Berries)

Creamy and Rich... The flavour is quite intense.

Patio is nice to chill out under the stars...

PS they opens at 8 AM on weekdays.. does that means I can have gelato for breakfast too?? or a cappuccino I guess..."
"Gap Factory Store is OK if you want to pick up some basic essentials.

I don't find the deals or selections here exceptionally good. 

At least the store is spacious and not in a mess......."
"Eight Treasure Tea ($5.49) really made me felt so much better especially on a rainy afternoon. The seating at the back with the cushions and electric outlets made me feel like I am at home.... 

It would have been better if not for the 2 men doing a study session right next to me.... blah blah blah... but it was nothing to do with Lohas Cafe.

Prices for food here are reasonable and before 8:30 pm, for extra $2 you can get a drink too.

Maybe I need to order some food next time....... deep fried popcorn chicken smell so good... I tried not to stare at people eating............"
"I smell almost Every single tea at Majesteas tea and have fun doing that! :)

Friendly staffs and storeowner! Just love little establishment like Majesteas. 

The tea selections really from around the World: China, Japan, India and more... of course there are herbal tea available too....

I also sample the Tea of the Day which is an Irish Blend... strong and dark with a malty flavour... but I settled for a Asaam White instead.

They have this Loyaltea program which is good if you are a regulars!

Majesteas for sure is a great tea shop, drop by next time when you are in the area...and smell some tea!! :)"
"The Ceili Cottage is just so low key, I drove by this stretch of Queen East quite often and never realize its existence. 

But I am glad that I finally got to drop by for a drink: Beer!

I just could not take my eyes off from that Yurt! What a brilliant idea to utilized the patio area during the cold season for extra seating and even book the whole yurt for a private event and celebrations!

The outside looked quiet and dead on a Tuesday night, but inside the bar was packed!! I really want to have a drink at the bar, but just could not even find any standing room! There were though some empty tables...

There are a few selection of imports and local craft beers which is quite nice. And of course whiskey and scotch, if you want a pick me up. 

All beers are $6.20 for an English pint. Our McAuslan Red Ale and Denison's Dunkel were both enjoyable.

Just love the deco and vibe: classy and cozy.. And yes they have Oysters!! 

Beer and Oysters? That's my kind of Cottage Life! 

I will be back!"
"3.5 Star with room for improvement

I have been waiting... Waiting forever for an indie coffee shop in Markham. It is kind of sad but I am glad that Alchemy Coffee finally opens.

Dropped by during Soft Opening today and I do love the vibe. 

Cappuccino 6 oz ($3.80 +tax) is A OK though on a pricer side compares to other downtown indie shops but being the only one around, the price is justified. I always love Pilot Coffee Roaster. The espresso was pulled nicely with a hint of cocoa but sadly the milk did not frothed properly hopefully that would be resolved before their grand opening.

They also offers hot food so you might want give it a try.

Barista is nice and friendly which is important to the success of any indie coffee shop.

I will be back for my coffee fix.

Good Luck Alchemy Coffee!"
"The opening of Kashmiri BBQ does make the food court of First Markham Place more diversified!

Lamb with Rice? It is kind of like a fried rice? It has a good seasoning of cumin and chucks of lamb pieces.

Locating inside FMP competing against so many other fast food option is not going to be easy. If Kashmiri BBQ wants to attract more customers, they really needs to be more aggressive price and quality wise. But serving Halal food might give them an edge over the other food stalls inside FMP."
"This CoCo's location at Metro Square is quite convenient for me as I usually come by to pick up a drink after lunch or when picking up food from the Taiwanese Bento place in the same plaza.

Since I always here during off hours, there is never a wait for my drinks. I like the monthly specials they offers and st $3.3 for a large, that is quite a good deal!

I found most of the drinks a little sweeter than other places even I ordered 30% less sugar. Maybe I should do regular ice next time to dilute the sweetness a little."
"Maybe I expected too much? Maybe I just bias? Maybe Lunch Specials always not as good as dinner?

I am totally so disappointed with Desiam Thai Restaurant.

My Lunch Specials Pad Thai with Chicken ($7.99) is meh. The only good thing is it fresh from the wok so it is hot. But it just lack the look and the taste and the smell of Pad Thai. My bean sprouts are cooked, no herbs aside from green onions...  but at least it is not stir fried in ketchup...

The ""Tom Yum"" Soup is water down with no lemongrass taste and have a little piece of veggie here and there....

The restaurant itself has this funny smell......

The service though is nice and friendly, but I don't think I will be back!!"
"Enjoy King Noodle, the star is the noodle that made in house using a bamboo to pound on the noodle to give it the nice chewy texture.

It is as good as promised?!

Pork and Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup ($5.50) 

The noodle was cooked perfectly and has this amazing texture. So bouncy, so chewy. Maybe one of the best noodle I ate in GTA. 

The wonton though was so boring in comparison. But the wonton wrappings supposed to be handmade using the same method. 

The line was crazy for my first attempt here during lunch time, but there was no wait at all when I was there around 3 pm weekday afternoon.

Go try the noodle and find out for yourself if it is really that good. 

Cash Only."
"Cluck Clucks is just so good! Perfectly prepared fried chicken so light, crispy and juicy. I usually not a lover of deep fried food but if it is so delicious it worth every single calories.

Mother Clucker: Fresh Jalapeno & Cheddar Waffle ($12.99)

Staff here is so friendly and welcoming. Every order is cook when order so there would be 15- 20 minute wait. 

Waffles was OK but the main attraction is definitely the fried chicken!"
"Labels carries discount fashion clothings for both men and women at a affordable prices....

How affordable is affordable?! They have tops for $1.99... dresses for $10... cheaper than my lunch specials...

You always get what you paid for... when it is cheap.. the material, cutting, workmanship are all cheap......

Labels feels more like a thrift store than a fashion store.

This location used to be Zellers so it is huge.... at least you won't feel overwhelmed."
"Lunch Specials Review 4.5 stars

I never expect Old Country Inn Restaurant to be that good!! All these time I been looking for good schnitzels in Toronto and all these time, it is Markham!

Nice and homey decor, really old country stylish! Even the waitress has this old time charm, sweet and caring! Giving us really good advice of what to order and how many items to order!

The follwoing were what we ordered to share with 4 of us:

Starters: 
Gulasch Soup ($2.95) 
Potato Soup ($2.95)
Smoked Trout ($10.05)
Chicken Waldorf ($9.95)

Mains:
Weiner Schnitzels ($11.95)
Two Bratwurst Wurste ($12.95)

Desserts:
Apple Strudel with ice cream ($6.35) 
Chocolate Cake ($6.95)

They were all really good!! Especially the Schnitzel so tender and the batter is really light and golden brown.

Must order the Apple Strudel... made in house though with raisins is one of the best one I ever had. 

Lunch menu is a little cheaper than the dinner menu, strongly suggest to come for a leisure lunch."
"Finally a brand new theatre in Markham area! 

The signage definitely really confusing but I was there in the early afternoon checking out the place and able to ask Security where the underground parking located and the construction workers also directed me to the entrance of the theatre.

VIP experience is excellent! The lounge area even has a patio that overlooks Downtown Markham (A lot of constructions still be the view will be great once everything is done in the area!) The drink/food menu is a little different here compares to one inside the theatre itself as the lounge menu is more extensive. 

Our server inside the theatre was able to get us the items that is ""not"" on the menu for ""seat"" service. But it was not too busy on a Wednesday night. Our food arrived around 10 minute after we put in our order.

I highly recommended getting VIP experience if you are a drinker. It was definitely fun drinking a cocktails/beers/wine while watching a movie! Drink prices is really reasonable with a cocktail 1oz for around $7.50 and up. I also like how they are served in real glass wares! The seats are super comfy! 

Calamari ($10) was so tender and fresh! Highly recommended though the portion is small. Burger with Jalapeno ($14) upgraded our side to a Poutine ($2) was delicious. Maybe I expected the worse and all the food item exceeded my expectation. Tropical Sangria ($7.50) was also nicely made!

Will I be back for VIP experience? A big YES. But only if I able to arrive at least 30 minute early at least to enjoy the seat service and order an adult beverage. And if I using my SCENE point to redeem my complimentary tickets, FOR SURE!

I just wish this location going to have some earlier shows on weekdays especially Tuesdays as I would love to beat the crowds instead just coming here to watch movie after 6:30 pm."
"With Toronto Hot Hot Summer, I need a cold cold ice cream... I need to go to The BIG CHILL!! 

Even before dinner at Frank's Kitchen, I walked by The Big Chill, I know what I want for dessert! I told my new Yelp friend I need to go there... tonight.. right after dinner and nothing going to stop me!! I saw the fear in her eyes... it maybe the first and last outing ever with her! 

We were stuffed after dinner.. Yelp friend kept telling she is full.. I told her just watch me eat my ice cream and be a good girl... Line up was short..and I got my ice cream............... 

Pomegranate Sherbet/Ginger 
- I love pomegranate for the reason that I kind of naive to believe in all the health benefit that it provides.. and it tasted good too... win win for me... 
- Ginger though a little disappointing.. as it is more sweet and vanilla and lacking that gingery taste.. there were some ginger bits inside but did nothing to enhanced the flavour.. 

I love the decoration of The Big Chill..as it feels like a retro ice cream parlour but a nicer, cleaner version... (I still getting over my Dutch Dreams experience) oh and that awesome sweetness of fresh waffles in the air.. just smelling that for an extensive period of time might put 1 lb or 2 on me!!

I will definitely be back to try out other flavours.. and no one is going to stop me!! :)"
"I got really inspired after my visit to Big Al's Aquarium.

No, I am not going to get myself a huge fish tank and start my little pet fish project. Though the colourful tropical fish looks so pretty swimming leisurely in the tanks.

Geckos!! I want to have some pet geckos! 

Big Al's has such a good collection of different type of reptiles. They all looks so healthy and active and such beauties!!

They also has tent sale where you can find discontinued items that is at a huge discount. How about a little stroller back pack for my dog for $15?"
"I must be really hungry when I visited La Jawab Grill.

I could not believe I finished a whole order of Reshami Kebab($9.99) - Mughali kebab prepared with succulent chicken after prolonged marination in authentic spices & light braising - all by myself.. oh plus the naan...

The food was really good well flavoured and love the use of spice. Chicken was tender as I double checked with the staff to make sure it is dark meat.

Service here is excellent. Though set up as a fast food with a counter where you place your order, I received better service then a real restaurant : a pitcher of iced water was delivered to my table without requesting! Staff checked on me a few time and asked how was my food and if I need everything else: maybe a container to pack some of the food home?? I finished everything so that was not really necessary....

Opens till 11:00 pm Friday and Saturday. I think I will be back to La Jawab, especially their lunch special starts at $4.49!!

Next time I will have to make room for a Salted Lassi and Lahori Kulfi!"
"Neohome is a nice place to browse around if you have time and check out houseware, kitchenwares, small appliances and other gadets your home might need!

There are a whole wall displaying all the rice cooker, kettles, small kitchen appliances from Japan and Taiwan. which cannot find everywhere! However, ready to pay if you want to get this Made in Japan rice cooker!!

There are also other cute little kitchenwares or housewares that you have to think and try figuring out reading the Japanese instructions.. (I guess that is the most fun part!) 

The stores is spacious and the goods are not really packed together, so you can really enjoy looking around.

Neohome is located right next to T&T Warden and Steeles location. So parking might be a problem on weekends!"
"I have been to Yorkdale Shopping Centre so many times over the years.... I saw it from it's humble beginnings to now a ""world class"" mall with all these designer stores!

Yorkdale is now like a Uptown Yorkville! And with the new Dine on 3 food court.. I definitely will eat at food courts more often!

Parking is a nightmare though... yes it is a nightmare! Can you imagine on a Thursday afternoon I have to circle around and around looking for a parking space for over 15 minute! I almost give up..and go somewhere else.... but I want to check out the food court!

Yorkdale kept expanding, changing and remodelling.. I sometimes do feel really lost here.... Here you can find really nice things.. yes a Louis Vuitton Store... and even a $300 Burr Coffee Grinder, a set of Le Creset cookware for my kitchen... Or a Tiffany diamond ring... 

Maybe I have to come here to work on my Christmas wish list for Santa!"
"Can't imagine Paisano's Italian Garden Cafe can be that busy on a Tuesday afternoon. We were here after having lunch at Inakaya and wanting to have some desserts and coffee. 

There were no dessert menu.. so basically they offer desserts of the day which were Creme Burlee and Tiramisu . The nice waiter said they were both home made and he likes Tiramisu  better... 

Cappuccino ($3) and Tiramisu  ($5) 
- Tiramisu  that served in a bowl like custard was quite good! Tons of firm non mushy lady fingers inside.. The cream is just rich and creamy enough mixed with the liquor! hmmm went so well with my Java! 

Services here is nice and friendly! But Paisano's is more like a casual Italian Family restaurant, don't come if you want a quiet, romantic dinner. BTW, the portions here looks huge! Maybe I have to come back here when I have any urges for pasta and be loaded with carbs! 

There is a small small parking lot at the back of the restaurant, but don't expect to find one! When you come in the afternoon there are some meter parkings along Willowdale.. but if you try parking on the residential streets you will get a ticket unless it is after 6 pm! 

They accepts all credit cards!"
"I almost want to give up...it was a nightmare! 

The Parking of this Pusatreri's was so busy even on a weekday afternoon. I know it is free parking. The spots here were all so tight, and you have to squeeze through all these big delivery trucks blocking the lane ways. 

The store itself was great. I like how they have quite a few cashiers opened so there's no line at all to cash out! Good selections of gourmet condiments, tea and the hot table does have fantastic choices. 

I really won't be coming here to shop on weekends. or I may not even bother?"
"I think I came to Mr Beans Coffee Company at a wrong time.. maybe it was the right time for all those high school students..but definitely not my type of crowd. 

The Cafe was hopping with this caffeine wired teens ready for partying and some fun time since TGIF... The line was long, but at least most of the patrons just want a slush or just a straight coffee...so I didn't wait long for my cappuccino..... 

I don't understand why the barista was filling up my Cappuccino ($3.45) right to the rim.. as I started spilling my drink even when I tried to take it slowly to the table.......... 

The coffee itself was MEH... more like a latte and I can barely taste the coffee.... 

I think I am spoiled by all the Indie Coffee shops I been to! When will Scarborough going to have a decent one?!!!!

No Wifi... Closes early... Tacky Cafeteria like interior.. 

I don't think I be back!"
"Wondering around Dine 3 at Yorkdale Mall looking for lunch options. Then I see Espressamente Illy's Happy Hour Deal, I know what and where I going to have dessert and coffee afterwards!

$5 Monday to Friday from 3 pm to 6 pm with a choice of either cappuccino or caffe latte with a cannolo sicilano. 

Great cappuccino: milk frothed perfectly and velvety smooth. such a pretty latte art too!

The cannoli is decent, I had better but the filling here is smooth and the crust has just the right crunch!

""Patio"" area is nice with plenty of seating to hang for awhile or just have a quick coffee break. The cream cushions on the sofa does need cleaning as there are tons of coffee stains on them!!"
"5 Elements Yoga & Pilates is not in my hood.. going there makes almost feel like a day trip.. But I have to say that people in the Brampton area is lucky to have such a nice studio in the community. 

5 Element Yoga is in a historical building which used to be ""The Old Shoe Factory"" and now it is converted into units housing different businesses. A lot of the character of the interior has be preserved, like those brick walls.. the high ceilings all give the studio a really rustic feel. 

The class I attended is called YogaFusion.. This is NOT my normal yoga classes, but I do want to try something different. The class itself was interesting, the teacher blended Yoga, Tai Chi and Pilates into a vinyasa class?? 

There was some dancing flow involve too.. kind of like modern dance.. and I feel like I have two left feet. The class itself is a mixed level with more experience practitioners and some beginners.. wish there were more variations given.. BTW, the class suppose to start at 12:30 and end at 1:40..and it started late and it did not finish till 2 pm... 

I like the deco of the studio itself... can I say really ""yoga Indian"" feel??"
"I love Nuts! Not driving people nuts! 

Hazelnuts, Almond, Pistachios, Walnut, Cashew just to name a few. 

I love at how you able to get all that in their good selections of Mixed Nuts version or as standalone.. no cheap peanuts in the mix at all! 

Roasted and Unsalted or Roasted and Salted more decisions to make. 

The quality of the nuts and other products that Tavazo carries are all high graded.. all the nuts are big.. and fresh. 

There are also some Turkish treats.. I ended up cannot resist and buying a couple to go with my coffee! I love how you can just buy 1 or 2 instead of a whole package! 

Tavazo Dried Nuts & Fruits up at Richmond Hill is a newer, bigger and better version of their original location down at Thornhill. Really worth your visit. 

Oh BTW nuts though unsalted nuts are healthier version of snacking..but it is not calories free... I have to cut myself off now since I just ate more than a handful while writing this review!"
"Good Food, Reasonably Priced. Me n. u Food Truck has a good crew and interesting Asian Fusion offerings. 

Rice Balls are quite filling and I love their flavour. I just wish I am able to see them around more.

Peking Duck Poutine?? Kimchi Poutine? 

Me n. u's menu changes all the time which I prefer as this makes everything more interesting!"
"Elvis Presley?! James Dean?

Bright pink, silver, gold, orange and those vinyl cushioned benches... 

Shake, Rabble & Roll... 

Rabble Burger ($4.79) has this really strange patty.. It is big but thin... the thinnest burger patty I ever ate. It is grilled to extreme crispness.. and dryness. A crispy burger?!

Toppings are little boring just the usual tomato, lettuce, pickles... but they do have Pulled Pork Sauce.......

There is a good selections of Kawartha ice cream... I think I will probably enjoy the ice cream more than the burger!"
"T-Swirl Crepe is the newest creperie in Markham. 

I was fortunate to able to take advantage of their Grand Opening Special 20% off. Matcha Azuki  Bean ($9.95) was quite delicious and I love the crispiness of the rice flour crepes. But there was hardly any filling and my ice cream was so small and with just a few azuki beans. (Nothing compares to the marketing photo on their pamphlet)

I found the interior a little too dim and music too loud. (Maybe I am getting old...) When I was there, the owner was loudly chatting with his friend with quite a lot of swearing in between. I found this not a comfortable and welcoming vibe for customers.

Will I be back? Maybe? But paying $10+ for a crepes probably not something I would have do that often."
"Seriously, they call themselves  an Oyster bar?

Japas' oysters might be one of my worst oysters encounter. The Fanny Bay we ordered for 7 for $10 were not fresh. They smelled funky and not of the smell of the ocean. The water it soaked in looked milky.  The crushed ice they were served on was half melted.

Service was slow and indifference even when we were the only customers for the afternoon. We were given chopsticks to eat our oysters... 

I don't know if I would be coming back. At least not for any of their oysters!"
"Table Tennis or Ping Pong? 

If you are a avid player or even a beginner, Canadian Chinese Table Tennis Association (CCTTA)  is a great club.

There are 35 tournment grade tables and I am talking about serious playing, maybe for some if you want to play in a competition they host or just come in to hit some balls.

It is opens from 7 days a week from 9:30 am to 10:30 pm.  

If you are a casual player, you can just get a day pass for $6 you can play as long as you want. 

If you are really into playing, then I would suggest the yearly membership for $300. You can play everyday by just dropping in with no additional fees.

People are friendly here, so don't be shy just ask if they want to play with you.

Since CCTTA has sponsorship from different levels of government and businesses, so they able to keep their membership fees reasonable and has been expanding since."
"Lunch Specials! Lunch Specials! 

I went to Yummy Vietnamese Restaurant once when they have no lunch specials, I was the only one there eating.. and now with the lunch specials from $4.99 the restaurant is so much busier!! 

The restaurant is relatively new. Nice and clean and bright with a big windows. The seats are really comfy with a lot of cushions. 

I ordered the special beef noodle with curry based lunch special($6.50). Even when I was the first one that arrived for an early lunch, my order took awhile to arrive. But the wait is well worth it! 

The soup is nice and hot! Quite spicy and strong flavour in itself! You can see the red chili oil floating on top! That's what I can authentic curry!! Not the water down version of a lot of other places. 

The noodle though is the dry version. But they cook it well and the noodles did soak up the curry soup... and the portion is huge!! I could barely finish that! The order is Large size.

The lunch specials comes with a choice of drink tea/coffee/lemon tea/wintermelon drink. I picked the wintermelon drink. hmmm...the drink is a cold drink that looks brown....a little sweet, a little bitter.. and with wintermelon inside. If you are not used to strange Asian drinks, I will not suggest you order that. However, it suppose to counteract the effect of all the spicy food I eat. 

There are 22 different lunch specials on the menu that includes Vietnamese, Thai and Malaysian dishes! And their portion so big, not like other places that make it smaller because of lunch specials. I would definitely goes back and try out other items on the menu!

Cash Only!"
"The biggest Asian Supermarket in the area! 

I just love it

- since it is just opened, everything there is nice and clean, no funny fishy smell like some of the other Asian grocery place
- big and roomy with bright lighting
- large selections of ethnic food: Chinese, Filipino, Japanese , Korean, East Indian
- large selections of fresh vegetables and fruits
- in house bakery that preparing fresh buns and pastries 
- cooked and prepared food that you can order either to eat in or take home
- loves those cute little pull baskets, great if you buying a few things and you don't have to carry them in those carrying basket 
- Price is good, watch out of weekly specials
- accept Visa, Mastercard and Interac as form of payment
- Open late, till 12 PM 7 days a week
- a lot of cashiers working in pairs, so no long wait 

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac!"
"This Indigo's location at Yorkville is the happening place. 

Seems like most of the book signing or meet the authors are held here. If you want to get a signed copies of some of the cookbooks or novels by celebrities, you can pick up one on the shelf!!

Even the Starbucks here a lot of quietly....people talks more softly and feels more like I am in a library... in a way yes! The book collections here are better than a lot of the libraries I been to.

I definitely will be come back here to chill!"
"Durian Alert! 

Tea Tree Drinks & Desserts just opened a week ago in a really mixed plaza.. the last thing I would expect is to have a bubble tea joint open up in there. 

Good Selections of Iced Tea, Iced Milk Tea and Smoothies. All the smoothies are made from real fresh fruit!! I got really excited when my server shown me the fresh durian that she going to blend it for my drink! 

Durian Smoothies ($3.50) yummy, smelly and oh so good! 

She suggested I tried Mango smoothies next time!! And they even have freshly pressed when ordered Sugar Cane juice! For dessert Tea Tree just offers Ice Cream Crepes...(they should definitely worked on expanding their dessert offerings) 

You can either have your drinks to go or you can stay in and enjoy that. Especially for durian smoothies?! I don't think others might enjoy the smell as much as I do!"
"I do love Leslieville Pumps set up. 

The deco both inside and out does have this old time small town vibe. The days where the population of a small town would have come here for all their needs: gas, daily supplies, groceries and even a snack/meal/breakfast!

Southern Style Beef Brisket Sandwich ($7.74) and Corn Fritters ($3.99) both took quite awhile to be ready.. for sure is SLOW cook... How's the taste? Not bad, the beef brisket is quite tender and the home made BBQ sauce is tangy. however, the fritters tasted really bland.... 

Leslieville Pumps is a neat concept! But I don't think it worth a special trip to eat here. But do come and check it out if you are in the area!"
"I love my Rice Rolls and I do think Pot Rice & Rolls House does their rice rolls really well. The texture is smooth and silky. 

I would suggest getting their plain rice rolls. 

At this ridiculously cheap price point, one cannot expect the best ingredients being use. So the meat (beef/pork) used in the congee and rice rolls were not the best.

If you are really on a tight budget, this is the place to get your meals as most of the combos are at $5 tax in! You can be loaded with carbs as the portion sure could fill you up.

Please bring a strong stomach as the condiment bottles are all super sticky and the food court has flies buzzing around."
"There is nothing too Japanese about Oishii Japanese Ramen aside from it's name. 

Come here and expect  ""Chinese"" style Japanese Ramen then you won't be disappointed. Huge Portion! We tried:

Volcano Ramen ($8) 火山拉面
Tenderous Ribs Ramen ($8.50) 猪軟骨拉面

I felt like I was served a bowl of bottomless noodles.... maybe just both ramens did not taste too good. The taste and smell of kansui (alkaline mineral water) was just overwhelming.

Service though is excellent and attentive! The waitress kept refilling our noodle with more soup and tea cups with more tea without asking!

Grand Opening Special 30% off till end of January.

Btw, why is there Chinese Chili Oil for Ramen? Maybe chili oil would make everything taste better?!"
"Wonton Hut is another restaurant that has the similar concept of Jim Chai Kee. 

The restaurant is nice and clean. The decoration inside are all green.. And I can tell you that green though pleasant to look at but NOT good to take photos in! 

The choices are limited to wonton, beef and fishball with rice noodle, egg noodle or vermcelli. The prices are also similar to Jim Chai Kee. 

I decided on the rice noodle with wonton and Beef. The wonton tasted fresh with nice texture. However, I am a little disappointed with the beef... it tasted too chewy.. tasted like something that is overprocessed. The noodles are cut into narrow strips but I found that it is much easier to eat.

The size is a little small, but I should have order the veggie with oyster sauce to go with my lunch!

The services is nice and friendly. The chef was a little concern that I were too busy texting and not eating and ended up all my soup was soaked up by the noodles. He sent another bowl of soup for me without asking! :) (OK! I should have eat first before I play!)

Cash only!"
"This is the first and ever time I attended Night it Up! 

I had been avoiding this event as I never good with crowds and lineups. Until now.

Coming here early on a Saturday afternoon before 2:30 seems to be a good time. Plenty of parking in all the designated lots. Most of the food stalls hardly have any lines. The air was fresh with just a hint of smoke and stinky tofu.

Maybe it was not as festivity as one might want to experience as a night market, but I think I would rather be here when it is not as busy. And if you do come during the day with the sun still out, your food photo would turned out so much better!!

There are so many food to try! Of course there are always the usual bbt, skewers, pineapple drinks, stinky tofu. There are also some newer and unique offerings. I would suggest plan a little using their website and see which vendors worth visit before you even arrive! I would suggest just skip the ones that have an actual store/restaurant. I still don't understand why people would line up for Wei's and Mama Bear for stinky tofu when now you can get them whenever!

Night it Up! is one of the better organized food festival in the area and definitely worth visiting. Come with an open mind and a lot of cash if you do want to sample everything they offers."
"I have to write an update since now it is more than one month after my first visit to Yogatree Downtown and I been back for a couple of times for various classes!

- Water Fountain has been installed so you can just bring in your water bottles for refills
- New Classes have been added but hopefully some more on the weekends...
- Classes are starting to be busy... luckily the heated room is huge, I never felt crowded.. as I need my space!

And you can also use your Passport to Prana to try out this brand new studio!"
"The food at Sushi Maru and Ramen was just disappointing. 

This location used to be Sushi Tei and when Sushi M & R moved in, they kept all the decoration and furniture with no much changes aside from the menu. The menu is quite standard with the usual sushi/sashimi/rolls, teriyaki and some Korean/Japanese items. There are also quite a few Ramen to choose from. On this cold windy night I decide to have as recommended by the waitress.

Spicy Tantan Kimchi Maru ($11.50)
- The broth is really one dimensional with not much of taste.. not spicy at all even after my special request
- The noodle itself was soggy and over cooked without any bite, FAIL
- Chasu was brutally fat.. with no bbq flavour. I just could not eat that after one bite

Dinner Bento ($16.99) with Chicken Teriyaki
- We request for brown rice instead of regular rice for the sushi when ordering which the waitress said it cost extra $1 for the 5 piece of sushi.. Then she came back and say it will be 50 cents extra because it cost 50 cents per 2 piece, and since we have 5, that cost $1.50?! So she came back and argue with me for 50 cents? I should tell her it is only 25 cents extra...
- Sashimi was so so, the lone piece of tuna has a funny looking colour, the rest were all salmon
- Sushi is good bite size piece but my advice is don't get the brown rice, since no one is really ordering that, the rice was dry and hard...
- The rolls was large but the fish inside the roll was mushy

Sushi Tei didn't last in this location with better food. I doubt Sushi Maru and Ramen would be around for too long if they don't improvement on their food quality. 

With so many Sushi Restaurants in the area.. I would suggest a PASS!"
"Cold... Snow....Ice.....

Everywhere is frozen at Parc Jean-Drapeau when I visit.. but this is winter... a Canadian Winter...

Slippery walkways... please be prepare and wear the right shoes or just hold on to your love ones and fall together.

If you are in winter sports, there are a couple of trails for cross country skiing or snow shoeing. Snow Village also set up inside the park.

Or if you are like me that are not good in any winter activities, come back when all these snow melt..."
"Mengrai Gourmet Thai is a perfect ""date"" restaurant if your date enjoy some Thai food, intimate atmosphere, attentive services. 

Food here is definitely a tuned down version of Thai food as the spice level is really tuned down even when we requested Thai spicy and some of the dishes did tasted a little bland.

Love the appetizer that was suggested by our friendly waiter. Divine Morning Glory lightly breaded and deep fried topped with tarminard sauce. The combination in taste and texture definitely made me excited to the main courses that coming up next.

Crisp Filet Whole Red Snapper in Spicy Red Curry sauce ($26.95)
- love the presentation with the whole fish head and tail as decoration or maybe one of my Yelp friends can suck on the head?
- The fish is lightly battered but lack the much expected complex taste in Thai cuisine

Red Chicken Curry with Lychee ($18.50)
- love the presentation but the sweetness of lychee really mellow the curry taste
- A meh for me

Original Thai Style Pad Thai Noodles ($12)
- I love Pad Thai noodle, this is a really good version as the noodle has great bite and the sauce is sweet but tasty

Stick with the Sticky Rice ($3)! Love the representation in that little bamboo basket just like it is served in Thailand. The Coconut Rice ($3) though was under cooked and some of the rice was hard

We finished our meal with a happy ending.. Mango Snowball ($4) or should it be call Ginger Snowball? As it is Coconut Sticky Rice with Ginger Ice Cream on the side.. Love Ginger!

I definitely suggest Mengrai if you need a nice restaurant for a romantic date! The dim lighting, the relax vibe and they takes reservations too! The food is decent enough... Love is in the air!"
"If you enjoy those Chinese/Taiwanese/Hong Kong Street Style snacks during different night markets during the summer, you should come to Taste of Asia.

The inside is really really small, enough seating for 4 people or so. But you might not even want to stay inside as you might smell like Stinky Tofu after. My Yelp Friend was standing right across the plaza waiting for me to eat my snack as he didn't want to be smelly.

There are also other food options but they are mostly snack food at least for their soft opening today. I ended up having the Spicy Beef Balls ($7) and some stranger next to me let me tried a piece of their stinky tofu (so very kind of them, as I was looking at them with my puppy's eyes...)

Food definitely on the pricier side. The Stinky Tofu ended up not as stinky as the one that I ate at Night Market... There are though other things I would like to try on their menu which is written on the chalkboard with no pricing!!!

At least eating the snack at Taste of Asia doesn't involves lining up or fighting with the crowds at various Night Markets..."
"3.5 Star

Lo Zingaro serves a good Roman Style Pizza which has this super thin and crispy crust. It might be one of the first time I have one of this in Toronto and I really enjoyed that. Great if you don't want to go into a carb comma after eating a pizza.

We shared:

Crudo e Bufala -  Crushed San Marzano Tomatoes / Mozzarella di Bufala / Proscutto Crudo di Parma / Arugula / Shaved Parmigian

Margherita - Crushed San Marzano Tomatoes / Fresh Basil / Extra Virgin Olive Oil / Fior di Latte

Love Crudo e Bufala as I love Prosciutto but Margherita would be much better with a few more basil leaves.

Lo Zingaro also have great house made pasta. Fresh Fettuccine with Homemade Lamb Sausage / Baby Spinach / Roasted Red Peppers / Pecorino Romano was delicious.

We also shared some appetizers:

Tagliere di Salumi e Formaggi - Cheese and Prosciutto
Suppli - Mushroom Rice Balls Stuffed with Fior di Latte & Italian Ham / Spicy Tomato Sauce
Insalata di Rucola - Arugula / Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano / Aged Balsamic / Extra Virgin Olive Oil

Thanks Jenny N for organizing and Lo Zingaro for hosting us.  

I definitely would be back again for some more Roman Style Pizza!"
"I feel warm and fuzzy when I was eating at Man Doo Hyang! 

There are not too many Korean places I visited that give me that homey feeling. You know how you have a sense that the waitstaffs really attentive, really care about you and make sure you have a good meal?

If you come here as a lone eater... and you are not too hungry, just order the noodle with the dumplings($6.95). As they not only have banchans for your dine in pleasures, they also give you extra mini dumplings!!

The noodles are nice and chewy with a lot of bite! And is Fresh!! thick like elastic bands, luckily does not taste like it! The soup based is a little peppery... and it is perfect on a cold winter day!

The Kimchi and Pork dumplings I found it way too garlicky and even have a huge chunks of raw garlic inside. I think I have bad garlicky smell for the rest of the day! 

The waitress realized that we were sharing that noodle soup, not only she got us an extra bowl... she have the extra bowl filled with the broth! This is the first time that ever happened to me... ever! She is so friendly and smiley... +1 star!!

My suggestion comes for the noodles in  beef broth and skip the dumplings if you cannot stand the garlic! :P"
"Faema is a nice Italian cafe if you want to kill some time and have a coffee and a little dessert/snack or a full lunch/light dinner.

It is set up more like a restaurant. so you will not find comfy sofas, love seats where you can hang out with your friends and talk about nonsenses for hours. 

The cappuncino I ordered was A-OK. It was fun looking at all these coffee makers at the back corner of the store. Now I am happy and willing to pay for my cappuncino/caffe latte instead of buying a machine and try making that at home!"
"If you have been to the original location of Nature's Emporium in Newmarket, you would know how good it is compare to Whole Foods! 

After 20 years in business, they finally opens up their 2nd location in Vaughan!

Though it is half the size of their first location but the store is well stocked! I am really impressed with their holistic remedies sections! The sale associates here all so willing to help!

Nature's Emporium is a good place to shop if you are into organic and natural food!"
"Petite Potato was quiet during my afternoon weekday visit. Service was good and the food and drink we ordered came out at a reasonable time. 

A good place to chill out and meet up with friends. The menu is extensive. Picking just one item could be quite difficult, but I can always come back on another day. I do love the options of both traditional Chinese dessert and other new and funky creation.

Pricing is typical of Taiwanese Tea House. A little pricey but you do pay for the nice ambience."
"Why a decent Japanese place has to turn AYCE?! 

Dozo Sushi though has it regular a la carte and the set dinner menu and now you has a choice of AYCE. 

We are a group of 16 and if one want to do AYCE ($27.99), all have no choice to opt for AYCE..... Yes $28 plus taxes and tips! 

Food quality and presentation and services all went downhill when with a big group trying to order all kind of food from the menu. 

I was disappointed... and the selections on the AYCE is quite boring... nothing really excited me at least. 

A lot of time the food were lukewarm by the time it being served to us... 

Service was so so... but I understand it is not easy to serve a big group. At least there are no automatic 10% tips charged and they accepts credit card. 

Closed at 10 pm now... so we were kind of got the hint and leave.....

Dozo with the introduction of the AYCE menu becomes another one of those faceless AYCE sushi joint where quantity is more important quality!"
"This is not just a park.

I had been here for various festivals and events including Ribfest, Canada Day Celebration, Summer Movie Nights and more.

The ground here is huge including a nice rose garden area, a pond, softball diamonds, skating tracks and more.

Parking can be challenging during events but on a normal day, the parking lot here is big.

Great to go for a long walk on a sunny afternoon."
"Going to La Cabana is a last minute decision since we cannot secure a reservation for Frida and my fellow friends want to have Mexican food. 

I have never been to a Mexican restaurant outside of Mexico... so coming La Cabana with no expectations... but I left with disappointment.... 

Our waiter is one of the most friendly Mexican waiters I ever met and I don't have to speak Spanish to him... that is a plus. Services here was friendly and excellent.... 3 stars

Now to the food...... Seriously, La Cabana really have to work on improving the quality of the food. 

Most of the food here does not have the intense taste, freshness and seasonings of the Mexican dishes I ate before... 

The chicken I ordered tasted like something I made at home with a jar of Mexican sauce I can get from the supermarket... and the Shrimp Tapas we ordered are so pathetic which I said is tasteless!!

Luckily the spicy Jalapeno sauce which I requested after tasting the other red coloured unflavoured sauce saved the day... it gave a good kick of everything I ate... 

I asked the waiter why none of the dishes are really spicy up like the authentic dishes, he did comment that most people cannot take the heat..... hmmm??"
"Sadly I have to downgrade Queen Mother Cafe to a 3 star.

A bunch of us came here for a late snack after an Elite event since their kitchen closes late.

Services still top notch and QMC is definitely great for groups as our waitress able to provide us all with a separate bills.

However the food was just disappointing.

Nam Dip ($8.95) has this dried rice wrapping and my Khao Soy Gai ($13.95)  was just a mess of overcooked and soggy noodle in the bland broth.

The Fried Calamari though tasted great, should have ordered that instead.

Maybe I should have stick with Ping Gai which was so delicious last time I ate here?! But I do want to try different items on the menu...."
"Winterlicious 2012 lunch $15 was surprisingly good!! Maybe I have low expectations after reading all these 1 or 2 star reviews on Yelp!

Make sure you have a reservation! Make it at Opentable as it was so busy even at lunch around 1 pm. 

With my reservation, I encountered no lines and my table for 1 already ready and waiting for me when I walked in at 12:45!

Choose Wisely! As some selections on the Winterlicious can be quite bad and by choosing those, you might end up with a 1 or 2 star expedience!

I ended up bumped into friend who were seated right next to me.... and as usual my friend started feeding me and let me take photos of their food....

What I ordered:

Farmhouse Smoked Ham and Split Pea Soup
- surprisingly hearty and comforting with a texture of puree
- not over seasoned I really don't like soup that tastes too salty

Mafalda Corta Bolognese
- pasta with meat sauce?
- the meat sauce is quite good and the pasta cooked al dente with great bite

Oliver's Famous Carrot Cake with Cinnamon Chantilly
- Dessert is the perfect ending, this carrot cake is better than the appetizer or the main!
- The carrot cake itself is moist with ton of walnut giving it a interesting texture
- the Cinnamon Chantilly cream is so moist and light well balanced and not too sweet

Do not order:

Miami Style Grilled Short Ribs
- tough, overcooked and dry ribs. Korean BBQ went wrong!!

Chocolate Espresso Cake
- overwhelming sweet and heavy!! I could not even taste a hint of espresso at all!

Busy restaurant ended up making my lunch experience little rush. So don't come during Licous if you want to enjoy a leisure lunch, it was just a mad house here!!"
"I just love the smell of freshly made crepes and waffles... Nothing beat a nice warm and toasty crepes on a cold winter night. 

It was not the aroma of crepes that brought us to Euro Crepe Cafe... walking aimlessly on Danforth looking for a dessert place that will makes everyone happy is not easy.... Nothing made the cut until we walked by Euro Crepe Cafe... 

At first I thought this place is closed... since there is no opening hours posted at the door and no sign saying that it is still opened.... the place is empty aside from a few people at the back of the restaurant chatting away... ended up they are the server and the cook... When I asked what time they open till... no one is sure... then they agreed that they open till 11 pm... (for sure is family owned! :P) 

All the staffs here are in their regular bum clothing... their dress code is hoodies and loose pants... how homey can we get?? The services though is quite decent and friendly. 

Strawberry Waffle with tons of fresh berries and 2 big scope of ice cream is good photo opp...though it looks better than it tasted but it is A-OK 

Lemony Sweet Crepe simple and tasty, with a really really lemony twist... my friend loved that... I steal a little piece but I have to say in order to have a fair review... he needed to let me have more! 

White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory is A-OK too... 

Good casual place for dessert and a coffee... and the Waffles are good to be shared!"
Sadly there is no more lunch special...
"After being to all 3 locations of Kenzo Ramen in Toronto, This particular Kenzo now officially won ""The Worse Services"" and ""The Most Unfriendly Waitstaff"" award. 

Though I cannot fault the food... the Ramens we ordered were excellent... But in order to eat that Ramen we have to endure crappy and unfriendly services?!! 

No smile, No greetings... Just point...at the empty table 
You ask for something, no acknowledgement.. if you lucky you might get what you request? 
No Thanks, No Bye... 

For me is BYE... since now your location is NOT the only one in town!!"
"Toronto Public Library Barbara Frum which is located near Bathurst and Lawrence is named after Barbara Frum (1937-1992), the distinguished broadcaster and journalist.

The library is really spacious and have 3 floors all together. I like how there are areas set up just like a sun room with big windows and palm trees. Sofas and armchairs that you can lounge around...

Really laptop friendly as there are even electric outlets on top on communal tables for you to plug in......so finding somewhere to hook up your laptop to the internet for a couple of hours will be really easy.

Not on site parkings though.. either you park at Lawrence Plaza across the street or at the side streets...which are free.

Yiddish collections can be found here... which are not really common in other libraries I been to."
"I think the set up this McDonald's at Dundas West Station is kind of cute and different. I just think it is a great idea to have half the counter in the paid area or even have a McDonald's in a subway station.

Frankly, I would not have get anything from McDonald's if I am outside station, but if I am inside waiting to board a streetcar.. the smell of french fries and meat can be quite tempting."
"We dropped by Kenzo Ramen on a rainy Sunday afternoon at around 4 pm for a late late lunch. We were surprised that the place still half full.

We were greeted and seated quickly and our waitress came and took our order right away.

My dinnermate is kind of vegterian (she can tolerate that the soup based are prepared with meat but not eating the meat itself), so she settled on the Sapporo Miso Ramen without the meat and I of course want to try the spicy Netsu Ramen Level 3. (I don't know why the website menu said the level is from 1 - 30 but apparently is just 3 levels.. I was thinking I want level 28 :P) The waitress at first a little hesitate and want to talk me out of order the most spicness, I have to assure  her that I can handle that and more!

The Ramen arrived quickly. Both of us really enjoy our noodles which were cooked crunchy and chewy. There are a lot of different vegetables inside and we were surprise to find black fungus (cloud ear) too.  
.
My noodle is so NOT too spicy according to my standard. But it is still pretty good, The portion is sizable and I am quite full after eating and drinking all the soup! (see my photos :P) There are some minced pork inside my soup, not slice of pork like the other Ramen

The services I found was quite good. I guess because the place is not busy at all.

Yes I will be back to try out their dumplings and other noodles on the menu.

They accepts Visa, Interac and Cash Only!"
"I know what I am going to order even before setting my foot inside Caldense Bakery & Cafe. 

Francesinha is a Portuguese sandwich originally from Porto, made with bread, wet-cured ham, linguiça, fresh sausage like chipolata, steak or roast meat and covered with melted cheese and a hot thick tomato and beer sauce served with french fries. [1]

Here at Caldense the Francesinha ($8.50) might not have the french fries but it is close enough to what they have in Porto. A triple deck sandwich topped with a fried runny egg and melted cheese! The sauce might lacked any taste of beer but it compliment the ""sandwich"" well.

Tosta mista ($4.95) which is really a ham and cheese sandwich looked a little sad beside the Francesinha. 

The service here is excellent. Just order and pay at the cash and your sandwich will be delivered to your table. The server was like You not going to eat those sandwiches but I was ordering for my Yelp friend too! 

Until my next trip to Portugal to try the real deal, I am quite happy to enjoy what they serves here at Caldense.

I will be back!

[1] from Wikipedia"
"Jim Chai Kee just opened up a new location in Scarborough.

I always been going to their Richmond Hill location so I am glad that they open up another location. 

There are only 3 items to pick from Wonton, Fresh Sliced Beef or Homemade fish balls. And if you don't want to make a decision, just have them all in one bowl!

My usual Wonton and Sliced Beef in Rice Noodle Soup ($5) and a side order of vegetable ($2.50) was as good as I remember.

Service is fast and efficient.

Self Serve Tea and Cash only."
"I like the different selection that Origination Noodle offers. Though noodle is definitely the star here. But if you are not into noodle, there are rice dish and side dish that you can order.

Choose Your Own Cutepot ($8.90) Hot and Sour Soup + Mushroom + Beef + Mi (Rice Noodle)

I was a little disappointed that it was not served in ""My Own Cutepot"" but at least the soup was pipping hot and spicy hot.

I love the self help condiment cart! As I can custom make my noodle soup to my tasting. Extra fresh chili pepper, cilantro, fried garlic and more

Food is good, or just because I can seasoned it to my own taste did enhanced my experience.

I will come back to Origination Noodle when I have craving for something spicy when I am in the neighbourhood."
"I don't know if I am too young or too old when I was browsing around Anthropologie. 

Maybe I am really out of it! But gee I don't really find anything that I want to try on remotely... and I did not even look at their prices. Personally I find that the clothings looks much better on their website in the photos than when I actually see the real thing! 

The housewares sections are interesting as they have nice things for the kitchen maybe some of my friends would have like some of those for house warming gift."
"I just love small take out restaurant like Mona's Roti-Caribbean Food!! 

Now Now.. you know why freshly made Roti tasted so much better... especially when I watching them making right in front of me!! Not doughy at all... and even it was thin, it wrapped and kept the tasty curry goat in place... 

You did not read wrong.. I am eating Curry Goat Roti and definitely enjoying it! Nice and tender hmmm not goaty at all?!! Tasted better than chicken!! I am converted!

Stewed Chicken though on specials was just MEH! When anything that reminds me of my own cooking is MEH!! The chicken reminded me of chickend cooked in soya sauce. 

When the staffs know that we were eating in.. they put the styrofoam in the microwave to heat that up for us! ......hmmmm"
"I told my Yelp friend I want PIZZA! Yes we are in Stouffville but I want real Italian Pizza! And my Yelp app told me to go to Frano's! 

Parking was quite limited during lunch, not because the restaurant was busy. The parking lot is really small and shared with other business in the same strip mall. 

We were the only table here for lunch on this sunny afternoon. The food here is really good! As authentic as one you can find in the area. We ordered:

Mini Arancini (7.00) with cheese served with side of bolognese sauce

Pizza Frano ($16) sauce, fior di latte, prosciutto, arugula, shaved parmigiano and olive oil

The wait time might be the reason that no one was here for lunch. It did take quite awhile for my food to arrive. Maybe they should have a quick and simpler lunch menu?

I was in a carb coma and just could not eat dessert but I know what I am going to order next time when I have here! Papa Dough (fried pizza dough sprinkled with sugar and covered with Nutella and toasted hazelnuts)!"
"When I walked inside Sonoya Japanese Noodle House, I found the interior quite inviting and pleasant. With just one waitress working, I was a little awkward standing at the entrance waiting to be seated until she noticed I was here.

Menu items reminded me of Kenzo's and when I went on their website, their url directed me to Kenzo's web page. Apparently this location is the 2nd location related to the one up at Yonge and Steeles.

Netsu Ramen ($8.95) was quite filling. I was happy slurping down my noodle which was cooked with a great bite. 

It is great to have Sonoya/Kenzo opens up in Markham. Now I have another option around my area for my Ramen fix.

Cash only unless you spend $20 or more.

Service a little slow.. they really needs to hire some more help!"
"Today Special's Honey Green Tea for $1.99 + $0.25 for Tapioca.  

Price definitely is good at Annie's Tea House.  As you get what you pay for at a reason price. Tapioca was overcooked and lack the chewiness. 

Curry Fish's Eggs  ($1.75) Oh I mean Curry Fish Balls has 5 in an order.  (Maybe someone please tell Annie's to change the sign?) Spiced by chili oil but I wish for a little more curry taste. 

Seems like a lot of students are here for their bbt drink fix and some cheap snack food. 

Good if you are on a budget and want a quick drink."
"Another studio that I visited using my Passport to Prana!

This review is based on that visit.. but I have to say I have a good experience.

It was a level 1-2 vinyasa class that lasted for over 2 hours. The class was great and the teacher was really attentive and professional!

Like other smaller downtown studio, there is not much of facilities. the change room is an area that divided at the corner by curtains. There is no sign telling you  which is male or female..so my girl friend went to the male instead.. (maybe she did that on purpose....)

There is one shower and 2 unisex bathrooms.

Overall, a great studio for dedicated yogi!"
"Pretty good for a AYCE! The soup selection is excellent ... I love their spicy beef soup and the fish head tofu soup.

The fish are quite fresh and the sushi tasted pretty good

I don't know how clean the restaurant is though becasue last time I went there as a little cockroach crawling on the wall...

They accept Visa and Mastercard with surcharges

P.S. They added 10% service charges on the bill already, so make sure you don't double tip them!"
"I just love the big huge windows overlooking Nathan Philips Square in the City Hall Public Library... Especially on a nice winter afternoon with the skater in action and the sun smiling on me...

The collections though a little small... but most people doesn't really mind... since they are all chilling out.... The crowd here is mixed: Students, Older Retirees.. and some strange characters. I bet the security at the front has screened out a lot of stranger patrons.. since they probably don't want them to be in the City Hall area. I am lucky that I was let in!

Free Wifi but not too many people using their laptops but the 15 minute Express internet computer terminals were in high demand!"
"Thanks Call Me Cupcake!

For your Grand Opening Day, it is so generous of you to have the total sales of all the cupcakes from 11 am - 5 pm donated towards CMHA (Canadian Mental Heath Association) - York Region. I am glad that we all played a part in celebrating your grand opening by feasting on:

Call Me Canadian eh! (Maple Bacon!!)
Call Me Cookie!
Call Me Banana!
Call Me Blondie!
Call Me Pina Colada!

Those are just the few flavours we have a chance to try out...

I am also eyeing the 
Call Me Old Fashioned!! (Root Beer Soda!)
Call Me Bella Nutella!

All so pretty.. desserts for all my senses!

CALL ME A FAN!!"
"I do find the new Sabai Sabai's location is a lot more convenient as it is located across from Yonge/Bloor Station. 

I love what they were doing before their move as I had been to dinner for a few times and enjoyed the food. My first experience at the ""New"" Sabai Sabai though was for lunch. Mix and Match: 1 item ($11), 2 items ($13) or 3 items ($14) is a good idea if you want to try a few items if you are eating alone. 

I ended up with an 3 items: Mango Salad, Street Side Noodle and Eggplant Basil Stir Fry. The flavour was bright and forward. I really enjoyed the food but portion size though a little small. 

Service was fast and friendly. I will be back again for a quick lunch when I am in the area!"
"Joey Eaton is in a great Location at Yonge and Dundas close to everything and anything.

Drop by with my Yelp Drinking Buddy for a late night drink. I do appreciate that Joey has a drink special everyday. The food though I find a little boring and pricey.

Cheeseburger Sliders ($11.49)
- Mini cheeseburger? not bad? not good?

Baja Fish Taco ($13.49)
- diced deep fried fish and shrimp
- not memorable... not going to order again... 

Services was nice and pleasant but we just could not get our bill... Our waitress was busy with other tables and never came back to check on us.. all we want to do was pay and leave!

Joey is OK... If you are a sport fan. I don't mind watching a game or two with my friends but I definitely don't want to go on a date at Joey... ever. 

Will I be back? Maybe for a drink when I am in the area, But would not be wearing my Little Black Dress to any Joey's location ever!!"
"I ""seefood"" I eat food! I ""see"" dumplings.. I will eat them all! 

I was a little embarrassed when I saw the spelling mistakes and the typos Dumpling King's menu on the wall.. 

Dumpling King is a small restaurant.. you cannot even see through the windows and doors on this particular winter night because of all the steams from cooking? 

Dumplings here can be order either boiled, steamed or fried. I will definitely suggest the steamed. I like that better because all the juice from the meat are still packed inside and soup just explored in your mouth!! Be careful though, they are just really hot and fresh! 

The owner/cook came out from the kitchen and served all his dumplings..and I can tell he is watching all of us eat and he definitely so happy when every single customers enjoyed his cooking!! 

The dumplings are smaller in size than some of the other places I have been.. but $6 for 16.. I counted them.. are still good value."
"A Groupon deal of Prix Fixe Menu for 2 at $50 gave me another chance to dine at earth Rosedale and the experience was equally delightful!

My coupon was honoured gracefully without another complication and I had great professional services. 

We tried:

Appetizer:
- Arugula Salad

Soup:
- Fish Chowder
- Mushroom Puree

Main:
- Rainbow Trout
- Steak Frites ($7 additional to upgrade to Tenderloin)

Dessert:
- Wild Ontario Berry Frangiapane
- Popcorn Panna Cotta

Anything were nicely presented and delicious! The portion size is their standard offers and quite a good value when I get to use my coupon!

Love the courtyard seating when the weather is nice..... I definitely recommend earth Rosedale if you looking for a quiet and laid back restaurant for brunch or dinner!"
"Just like every family has their own versions of home made dumplings.. Tianjin Fine Food's dumplings versions might be a little different than the others places I been too...

Tianjin Fine Food is a small family ran fast food dumpling place inside First Markham Place Food Court. Everything is made to order here, you can watch how they busily making all the dumplings from scratch.

Leek and Pork Dumplings and Xiao Long Bao ($6.25 each)
- Both of them has really heavy and doughy skin.. and a little chewy too
- The fillings has a lot of seasonings... more on the salty side
- a little more pricier than other places... but they are bigger in sizes... and are quite filling too!

So if you want a more homey dumplings... you should give Tianjin Fine Food's dumpling a try... but if you like those dumplings that has thinner skin, you would not enjoy them at all!"
"Back to Est West for dinner and finally meet my Korean Mama here.

The owner is just so kind and sweet. Check on us numerous of time, help us cut our meat, tell me which banchen is good for my health...eat more of this and that.

Food is excellent as usual...

I feel like I am home!"
"Popping by Toronto Public Library Branch whenever I am in the area or window shopping at Bayview Village.

Maybe to go with the style of Bayview Village, this branch is nicely decorated and does not even have the mushy and sweaty smell compare to some of the libraries I been to.

Great place to hop in to park myself for a few hours and work on some of my yelp reviews.. and then go inside Bayview Village to grab a coffee or a quick bite in between.

BTW, I have not have a Janna S sighting as yet... maybe one day!"
"2.5 star

DonDon I have such high hopes when I arrive... 

I love the set up of your place... tons of seats both at bar area and the open kitchen area. Great for singles! 

Drink selections are really promising! All these choices of Sake and even the cocktails are reasonable at around $5.50. 

If I am here for a drink, just drinking alone... I would have give it at least a 4 star. But the food really disappoint me... not because of the small portion or the prices... it is the lack of heart in the preparations.

Nama Lime Sour ($5.50) delicious good... though I have to physically squeeze the fresh lime into my drink, at least I can make it the way I like it! Refreshing and good to go with all the deep fried food usually offered at typical Izakaya.

Soy Milk Tofu ($3.50) with Soy Sauce has quite a delicate taste, the home made soy sauce is really light and not salty at all... more on the sweet side.

""Salted"" Yakitori Combo ($6)  is a complete failure. Most of them were luke warm... feels like they were grilled awhile ago... especially the chicken one it is just cold!! None of them has this right of the grill freshness or flavour. The quail eggs tasted like boiled one with no other flavour. The gizzard might be the best one at least it has good bite and great to go with a drink!

The atmosphere is on the quiet side... but for me I don't really mind too much.. as Guu can be overwhelming noisy on some days, so noisy you cannot even think or hear yourself...

I don't know if I should come back?? Maybe for a drink or 2?? 

I am not comparing Guu with Don Don... a little unfair... but  the Yakitori I had were as ""good"" as the All you can eat Japanese restaurant, that is not acceptable!

*4 star for drinks/2 star for food/4 star for deco/4 star for services"
"This Starbucks was not crowded at all this Sunday afternoon. 

I walked in and saw 2 empty private tables.. and I was going to go park myself there.. and looking for an electrical outlet.. but I could not find any!! I asked the nice staff who offers to wipe down my table and was told that there are ONLY 2 outlets in the whole store!!!

This is the most laptop unfriendly Starbucks I have been to! That's explain why it was not too crowded.. 

2 laptop users including myself... which I ended up able to secure a seat near the outlet! 

A lot of chatting, gossiping and mating rituals happening though... good place to just listen in.. :) and chill!"
"I would definitely avoid coming to Toys R Us/Baby R Us on weekends. 

I was here looking for a baby shower gift for my friend and I stupidly picked the busiest day of the week to shop here. The selections here are good! I was looking at the strollers and I wondering how new parents decide which one to get and what model and what functions!! 

All the kids were excited wanting to have the newest toys and every toys in the store... everything got a little messy and misplaced but with all the toddlers, kids around, that 's totally understandable."
"All The Best Fine Foods does looks like a different store since I last visit!

Though now it has less selections than before (the cooked food and meat now you can get at Harvest Wagon next door), but the set up is way better with the focus on the baked goods! Bread, cupcakes, cookies and more! 

Great selections of Cheese at the back of the store..

Ideal coffee by the bulk and for the coffee bar inside they are serving Kicking Horse.

Great place if you want to get some goodies from local suppliers!"
"Dozo is quite a nice restaurant! The interior is nicely deocorated! The booth seating so nice, so roomy! The inside is dark and cool... with high ceilings! Really like you transferred to a Zen place on a hot summer afternoon.

Yes, they have lunch specials! from $6.95! We decided on the Tempura & Beef Teriyaki ($8.99) and Seafood Miso Ramen & Cali Roll ($7.99)

The menu is so pretty!! with all the nice photos! Yes every single drinks they have a photo to shown you how it looks like! And the drinks selections is so good and even photos for bottle sakes! You know I love to look and take photos!! :)

The food menu is just as good. With the photos so pretty it makes me want to try them all!

Our miso soup and Cali roll arrived quickly!! The rolls are nice fresh! While eating the rolls, we decided to share this Nori Wapped Sushi ($9.95) it looks so good in the photos, with 6 piece of seaweed sushi.. and I love seaweed and my friend loves fish roe!

The Ramen is just ok.. I would not order the Ramen next time. The soup is a little bland, the noodle a little mushy... taste like instant noodle.. However, the shrimps are fresh and with nice texture.

The Beef Teriyaki and Tempura both taste pretty decent.. and for $8.95 yes it worth it! 

Finally, the Nori sushi arrive!! Yes it does look as good and the photos and tasted as good! 3 of them are made with different kind of fish roes and there are tons of them in each! The other are chopped fish? we ended up have to guess what they are.. I wish the waitstaff would have explain them to us when they serve the sushi! However, they all tasted good!

The service is fast and friendly! 

I am planning to come back to try their dinner specials.. I hope they will be as good! And of course some of the sake cocktails too!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"I am being a little unfair! I hardly have any smoked meat sandwiches in Toronto.. and my last Deli sandwich experience was in NYC.. and in comparison eating at Yitz's was such a disappointment!! 

Luckily I was here at Yitz's when they have weekday lunch specials!! For $9.99, choice of soup and a sandwiches/salad/burger... 

Matzo Ball in Chicken Soup and Pastrami Sandwich 
- The Matzo ball itself was ok.. (not like I am an expert on that, but I ate the whole thing!) The soup based itself tasted like something from campbell..Canned soup... I don't expect them to make everything from scratch.. but tasted like canned soup..which I am an expert in! 
- Pastrami was dry... the bread was dry... the smoked meat like what I get from supermarket too.......... 

I feel like I was eating my own cooking at home instead of eating in a restaurant... Can you say that Yitz's has a homey feel in a bad way?

Waitress here were really nice and friendly.....wish the food would be better! 

They accepts all credit cards!"
"Meat Meat Meat! If that's what you are looking for, you will find it at P&F Meat Products.

Big Chicken that is Ontario Grain fed, free range, Mennonite raised, growth hormone and antibiotic free. Fresh Pork, Ontario Lamb and Turkey, Farm Fresh Eggs. All Natural Sausages & Burgers which are free of any Nitrites, preservatives, and artificial colours.

P&F also carries spices, rubs, condiments, sauces and more to help you in making their fresh meat products into tasty meals!

Don't worry if your cooking skills is limited to heating up things. P&F does carries ready to serve meals all you need to do is heat it up in the microwave or oven. 

And if you find that even too challenging, there is also a good selection of cheese, smoked/cured meat and even home made pies!

BBQ season is almost here... Can't wait to pick up some good cut of meat and cook away!"
"2.5 star 

Telus Tuesday Specials Restaurant #3 

I am a little confused... I made a reservations for 7:30 pm for Marben... and ended up some of my guests showing up at 7..and some showing up past 8? And I ended up drinking all the Jennifer's Coronas that my wallet can handle while waiting till 8:30 before I can have my dinner... 

This is the only Telus Special restaurants that have a ""Special and Limited and Pricer"" menu. And our waitress assured me that the portions are a little bigger than their regular tapas portions. 

I have to tell you their Tapas versions are really small... small in portions but big on prices.. 

Telus Specials 
- Ryan's Charcuterie (free) meh.. Black Hoof's Rule!! 
- Marianne's Duck Confit ($23).. only decent choice and waitress' recommendations 
- Ervinna's Ice Cream Sandwich (free)... skip go for Warm Apple Pudding! 

John's Burger ($17) and Fred's Pork Belly ($12) 
- Tapas small size.... and $17!! for a burger..with fries...(now I need to have another drink!) and Pork Belly is like 1 small piece...(great if you are on a low cholesterol diet!) 

I feel sorry for my guests.. they were all feeling hungry before, during and after dinner... I didn't feel like a good host... All Marben's fault! 

Marben's interesting choice of paintings deco makes the evening's conservations one of the more interesting one I have for awhile.. as how often when guys start talking about waxing?? Brazilian waxing?"
"A brand new LCBO opens today in the plaza right across from Whole Foods. 

The shelves are well stocked with great selection of beers, wines and liquors. 

Love the huge walk in beers and cooler area. Now I know my beers are ready to drink right when I pick them up!!

14/15"
"Brock Doors and Windows is one of the companies I contact and set up an appointment for in house estimate as I have 14 windows that needs to be replaced brick to brick.

After submitting my request for an quote I got a call back for appointment within a few hours and able to set up an appointment for the week after. 

The sale representative arrived on time as schedule which I think really important as the first impression is crucial for a business relationship. He gave me a accurate quote and some good recommendations. 

Price wise though was the highest I got: 50% more compares to the lowest quote which is over my budget. I know really hard to compare apples to oranges as I did read they uses Northern Light windows which is quite a reputable window manufacturer."
"Sunny Foodmart is 100% better than the Food Basic that used to be at this address!!

But seems like this Sunny Foodmart trying to be a International Supermarket: Chinese, Indian, Filipino, Middle Eastern... You will find everything here... but not really anything that are really unique and interesting!!

Maybe trying to have much a variety with different ethnic background makes stocking the shelf a challenge..

The usual hot table of Chinese food, Sushi Section, Dim Sum. There is also Deli Counter, in house bakery....

Sunny Foodmart is a good addition to the neighbourhood!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Kintako.

Sushi Set ($9.95) with 6 pieces of nigiri sushi and half of them was salmon! The shari rice was packed a little too loose and most of them just fell apart when I was trying to eat them.

Service was attentive and pleasant. 

I also like the idea that they making a lot of their sauces in house without MSG. 

Nice patio at the back if you like to eat sushi outdoor.

Kintako is a good neighbourhood Japanese restaurant, but not worth a special trip just to come here to eat."
"Distill is a neat place to get some unique gifts for someone specials! 

The jewellery (charms/earrings) are excellent things to get as a little reward for myself ... yes Me Me Me!! 

I am Meh for the handbags that makes from the old books! 

Distill though the prices are little more than other places but it is a good way to support our own Canadian artisans!"
"Le Cafe Michi has one of my favourite solo lunch Japanese Restaurants.

I always arrive before 12 pm before the place becomes too crowded. 

I really enjoy their set lunch that comes with salad, soup, green tea or coffee and a slice of cake! It gives me an excuse to eat dessert.. if not I would not have order any...

I have tried the eel with egg on rice, chicken with egg on rice, beef and rice, the noodle in soup and the set with sashami, breaded chicken and eel with rice.

For the dessert my favourite are the sake cake and green tea cake and with the freshly brewed coffee.

The service is always great and attentative.

Price wise it is a little more than I would have spent on lunches, but I consider to treat myself once a month....

They accepts Visa and Mastercard only! No AMEX!"
"Detox Detox Detox!!

After all the beers I've been drinking, the pork belly I've been eating and my friend pleading that we need to do some activities aside from eating... so armed with Passport to Prana, we ended up in one of the Hot Yoga Wellness Concord's hot yoga class.

Hang over from Elite Event the night before? Preparing for a bar crawl in Streetsville later in the evening? 

I found the class quite relaxing... And surprisingly calming. Yes it was hot! Dripping in sweat but it suppose to be a hot class!

Different levels in the class so we were offered options or even the options to lay down and nap! 

After sweating a pint or 2, I think I am ready for food. Always great to practise on an empty stomach... as I am ready for a certain Yogi Roast... tender (sore), a little too well done for my taste and even served on a warmed plate (mat)."
"2 star for Caffe Latte
3 star for the environment
3 star for service

If you come to Coffee Culture for their coffee, you will be disappointed. Even as an unexperienced and not too demanding coffee drinker like me, I found my caffe latte not up to par. The roast is really weak, I feel like I am drinking warm milk instead. -2 star

There are not many non Starbucks coffee shop up in Scarborough or Markham. You will find Tim Hortons in every major intersections but the atmosphere and the coffee need I say more?? Coffee Culture do have this nice cozy setting with arm chairs, love seats and TV on CP24 so you will never miss the news/market index/weather forecast! Yes how can I forget the free WIFI + 1 star

The service here is quite good. The servers here are nice and friendly. I got a sense it is a family runned business with the owner working in the store. My drink was served in a mug and this is really important for me :). + 1 star

I might come for coffee if I am in the area and in need WIFI so I can write my yelp reviews. 

I wish for the day that Scarborough will able to get a few decent coffee place!!"
"I am never into Asian Fusion Restaurant, but Queen Mary Cafe might change my perspective.

Ping Gai ($13.50) is one of the best grilled chicken I ever have..even better than the ones I have in Thailand!!  It is also one of the most expensive ones I have. Chicken is well marinated, charred skin, tender meat...How come my friend kept eyeing my chicken??!

Pulled Chicken Crepes ($13.50) is just meh..really small portion and definitely not worth the price. Skip!

Stuffed French Toast with Real Ontario Syrup ($ 10.95+$1.50) is well prepared!! Crispy on the outside, soft and fruity inside...what a great dessert.... can I have this as a dessert?

Love the back patio of Queen Mother Cafe. Hidden and secretive, like a private oasis for the people in the know to discover....Small and intimate... great place for brunch or lunch on a sunny afternoon!!"
Le Pain Quotidien went out of business... a bankruptcy notice displayed on the front door.....
"There are a lot of ""Dickens"" around in Richmond HIll and Scarborough Area.  And this is one claim to be the authentic, original Dickens Cafe.

This location used to be Red Ants Restaurant, so the new owner kept most of the set up and deco, and just put on a new coat of paint.

They do have specials for any time of the day: lunch, afternoon tea and dinner set.

There are 10 lunch sets for one to pick during my visit. Priced from $6.99 and up. Which includes a choice of soup, garlic bread and a drink. 8oz Angus Steak for $12.99 seems to be a good valueI decided on the Curry Chicken with Rice ($8.99)

The borscht soup does taste fresh with tons of veggies.. however, without the usual kick of other borscht soup. Though it is really enjoyable.

The Curry Chicken and rice, I found it just tastes ok. The rice is a little hard and cold... however the Curry chicken though tender is a little cold, same with the curry sauce. There are no steam coming out to fog my camera len, so I know it is not hot :)

But overall all the items I was served were ok.. did not go WOW... but taste ok.

Service though is nice and friendly.

I will be back to try out other things on the menu.. I though remember to ask them to make it at least warmer.. they can just put them in the microwave for 30 sec before bring them to my table!

There are 10% off coupon in some of the Chinese Newspaper, so look for one before going!"
"Black Sesame Ice Cream Overdosed!

Osechi Japanese Cuisine is just like DOZO everything is the same, aside from the menu, the staffs and the name of the restaurant.

Grand Opening Special 15% off is sweet... Rana L doesn't realizes that I will go for AYCE as long as I get a discount?! 

Rolls, Sushi, More hand rolls made me overdosed with rice... carb high... The sushi itself are not bad at all... but as usual for all AYCE restaurants, rice and rice and more rice.

The hot items were disappointing though... most of them were not cooked fresh as they were served lukewarm.... Tempura Shrimps that have been under a heated lamp for awhile are not good. Most of the dishes were drowned in this teriyaki like starchy sauce.... that's definitely not Japanese.

But if you are like my Yelp Friend thinks highlight of an AYCE is the ice cream, then you won't be disappointed. 6 different ones to choose from, or just ask them to bring you 2 of each??

Services here was fast, efficient, indifferent.... We got food that we didn't order and everything we ordered fast. 

Black Sesame Ice Cream.... Black Sesame Ice Cream.....Black Sesame Ice Cream........"
"Location! Location! Location!

Open Till Midnight everyday!

I only been to this Starbucks during off peak hour so I never have any problem finding a seat or electric outlet.

Patrons here though is more like a mix.. some odd ones.. and I just keep it to myself not the usual friendly me.. as I don't want people think I am a bag lady off the street :)

Don't expect to get any work done here, but a good place to hop in to use their WIFI for a bit.. or meet up with people than just standing and wait for them in the cold."
"JCY Jewellery and Accessories is located inside Times Square at the 2nd level. 

This store just opened up recently and they has a1/3 of the store space dedicated to Swarovski and the rest are watches, diamonds and pearls.

The salesperson here are really nice and professional. They greets their customers with warm welcome smile and more than willing to show you the nice pieces in the displayed cabinets.

I really enjoy walking around the store... and admiring all those crystal displays!"
"Sipping Cappuccino on a hot humid Summer evening at Zaza reminds me of my trip to the Southern part of Italy: 

- Italian men talking to each other loudly 
- Men kissing each other on the cheek and hugging like they have not seen each other for ages 
- Sipping cappuccino in a hot cafe with no AC 
- Rich & foamy milk froth... 

A taste of Italy in Yorkville for $5!! 

La Dolce Vita!"
"For $7.95 at Bamburger you can get a decent burger and fries with full wait service, I think it is a good value.

The inside is nicely decorated, the staffs are friendly. The atmosphere is kind of good enough for a cheap date (just make sure your date don't loaded up on the extra options!) + 0.5 star

The Bamburger basic I ordered was quite good made with real ground beef, not frozen patty. And it was charcoal grilled.. +0.5 star

You also get the choice of white or whole wheat bun, which is a nice touch. Not many burger places has that option or offering that without a surcharges.

It is also encouraging to see individual business instead of franchised business taking over the gourmet burger business.

They accepts all credit cards."
"Sakura Sushi is one of those places you will overlook.. you don't even know it exist unless you look really really hard.

It is hiding at the same plaza of T&T Supermarket behind Ajisen Ramen. You won't see it from either Warden or Steeles... I really feel sorry for this little place.. which is owned by a Korean couple.

They do have lunch specials everyday for $7.95 that includes salad and soup. I order the sushi combo. The sushi taste quite good. The fish quite fresh. The miso soup is hot and one of the few I enjoyed. 

There is complimentary appeitizer too.

The service is fast and friendly.

I will for sure going back to try out their dinner box specials which starts from $9.95.

Cash only!"
"While I was eating my quarter chicken at Sardinha across the street... I saw Arte Gelato... and I know where I would be going next!

Though it was getting a little chilly, but I know I want gelato before winter really come!

The girl that served me was super friendly and I found out she was the one that made all these delicious tasting gelato!! I was offered some tasting and then I got a small ($3.50) which is a size of a medium at any other places!

My small cup was jammed with 3 flavours.. they tasted so rich, smooth and creamy and I hope they were not too fattening? Gelato supposed to have a lower butterfat content lower than ice cream.

When I asked for a glass of water, I was served with sparkling water with no extra charge... 

I love gelato! I love Arte Gelato!"
"3.5 star

I just love the set up at Cafe Belong. 

The decoration makes me feel like I am in cottage country somewhere, not in the middle of Toronto right next to DVP. Just love those huge windows letting the sunlight shining in on this warm winter afternoon.

Eating here at Cafe Belong should makes me feel good and healthy as all the ingredients here are local, organic and sustainable. 

We shared:

Croque Ravine ($23)
- I just love everything even the fried mixed green on the side
- Pork was tender! love the caramelized onion

French Toast ($16)
- Am I going to eat that? 3 huge piece of banana bread a little crispy outside but still soft inside..
- I found this a little bit too doughy for my liking 
- The syrup just add a little sweetness to the already sweet bread

The service though was definitely lacking! My coffee was served in a smallish cup so I ended up have to keep waving down my waitress for a refill while she was just busy chit chatting with the staff at the back. -0.5 star

I definitely will come back to have a bite at Cafe Belong next time when I am visiting Evergreen Brickwork. But it is not worth a special trip."
"One of those Chinese owned and runned steakhouse.

They advertised serving only Certified Angus Beef. So if you go please order the steak.

The other pasta dishes are just a Chinese version of Italian food....

The set menu comes with choice of onion soup (not your usual French onion soup, just a broth with onion inside) or lobster soup (taste like something from the can, no sight of lobster meat), both taste so so..

The salad bar are set up with potato salad, marconi salad, romaine lettuce, onion, pepper and kraft type salad dressing. And there are some jello cubes, I guess that consider as desserts??

The tenderloin usually comes in size of 4 oz if it is a lunch time menu.. trust me is a really little 4 oz.. as the meat is weighted before it is cooked...

The pasta dishes tasted quite bland... with the help of Todasco.. they did improve a little.

They do have fresh lobster for dinner special when it is in season. If so the lobster does taste pretty good.

Service can be slow at times! Especially during lunch hours as sometimes there are only 1 waiter working.

They accept VISA and Mastercard"
"3.5 star

I did not even realized that there is The Brilliant Chinese Restaurant till the UYE posted and Toronto Star giving it some publicity. 

Since I cannot make the UYE because of work, and that dumpling sounded so good... I have to try it out!!

Egg-white wrapped seafood dumplings ($5)
- This need to pre order and there is a minimum order of 2
- You have a choice of seafood or vegetarian fillings... isn't that nice to all my vegetarian friends?!
- The wrapping itself is light, fluffy...and the fillings includes chopped shrimp, scallop, water chestnut, celery and king mushroom
- The taste is refreshing, not oily since it was steamed 
- When eating the dumplings, I feel like it is just like a parcel of goodness and yumminess!!!

Other dim sum we have were quite good too. 

I like that Steamed Beef and Bean Curd Skin in Layers ($3)
- A little twist to the steamed beef balls that is always a staple on most dim sum menu
- Don't have much beef inside but tons of bean curd and some water chestnut

The services here is attentive, the deco traditional but clean.

They do have specials if you paid before 11 AM is 20% off , 10% off after every weekdays."
"Liberty Noodle is located inside Urban Eatery at Eaton Centre.

I was a little excited to try out some ramen or Pho noodle or Udon whatever Liberty Noodle want to call them Modern Japanese?!

Shoyu Pork Ramen ($7.50) was served with a lukewarm broth, maybe thinking the patron might burn themselves?? Ramen though cooked with a good bite. Aside from that, my bowl of ramen is just meh.

Beef Pho?? Chili Chicken Udon? 

I just want a hot bowl of soup with noodle inside... is that too much to ask?!"
"I don't know why I always have problem locating Unionville Branch of the Markham Library with my pre-GPS era. 

Tucked inside Old Unionville, trying to blend with surrounding country styled small town architecture, the library itself does look like one of the bigger bungalows in the area from outside.

The library itself is only 1 level, so compare to the newly renovated library, it is a lot smaller. Love the open area with high ceiling where the administrative area located.

The seatings here are more formal with tables and chairs and lack of those really comfy laptop friendly armchair seating compare to the newer libraries in the area.

However, superfast/reliable/free Wifi access!! Great for posting yelp photos and doing reviews...

Less students hanging around in group studying, there are not too many private group study rooms but it might be a blessing if you want some peace and quiet!"
"One day I drove by with my girlfriend looking for  a Japanese restaurant that went out of business...and we said ok let's be adventurous and try Makkal Chon! And we so glad we did!

The restaurant is family owned and runned so the service can be slow when the restaurant is full.

The appetizers are great! Every time are different.. and we can feed ourselves even on the appetizers alone.

My favourite here is the eel with rice, which I order every time....and then something different to try on the menu each time.

Can't wait to go back again soon!"
"Kim's Ichiban Market is not bad if you want to have some cheap quick sushi fix. 

My Ichiban Sushi ($13 tax in) was good as I was full after eating that. Fish is acceptable but I would not use the word ""fresh"". Some of the fish cut was really awkward like it was some ends of the piece.

If I ever come back, I would ask what fresh and order a la carte by the piece.

And of course good for a party platter to entertain and feed a big group."
"Yogatree just opened a 3rd location downtown at the corner of Spadina and Richmond.

I drop by this evening to this one day old studio (I can still smell the paint, the dust from renovation and that fresh ""car"" smell) for a yoga classs. Now it is kind of unfair to write a yelp review on brand new businesses because there are so many things that may not be ready or running smoothly. But someone has to be the FTR!! Me Me Me!!

Great location! Walking distance from Kensington Market..Financial District.. and if you live down at those condos at Front.. this will be a great studio to come to!!  Right across from Starbucks and walking distance to tons of restaurants! (I need to eat after yoga!!)

Classes are limited..since they just opened.. but they do have 2 rooms one offering hot yoga and the other room temperature yoga (restorative, hatha and ashtanga) and in the future 3 rooms! All the rooms are really spacious with big windows overlooking Richmond....

When I walked through the small door and up the narrow stairs up to the studio, I was surprised to entered a big and shiny WHITE space...everywhere are white, glossy white! Even that shiny glossy floor where you can even see your own reflections!!

There is a lounge area and more sitting area (love those cushions!!) for people to wait for classes or relax after or before classes.. A little tea making area for you to make small hot tea!! (wish the teacups are mugs though!!)

4 showers, 2 toilets and lockers that you can set your own combinations ... 

Hairdryer and water fountain will be install in a week... so bring your own water for the time being!

The class passes can be used in all 3 locations.. which will be great if you work downtown and live up in Richmond Hill/Thornhill! 

Since Yogatree Downtown just opened, the class I went to just have 4 students..and of course I have a great class with tons of adjustment and attentions! 

I can't wait to come back for another class after the break in period and try out some other teachers!! Hopefully with everything in place and running smoothly, I can write a more appropriate review! For now is 3 stars with a HUGE potential to be the best studio in the area!!"
"I am reviewing Steelyard Commons as an out of town visitor. 

I dislike the set up of this shopping center as most of them are big box stores so in order to get to one from another, I would either drive or walk a mile to get there. It does have most of the franchises including Walmart, Marshall, Home Depot, Target, Petco and more.

Plenty of parking seems like most people are driving here.

Nothing too unique but I do like how some of the stores incorporate the ""steelyard"" theme in their deco."
"Back here again to try out the 8 course set dinner on a Sunday evening..

It is NOT busy at all! We got seated at one of those booth again.. love these big tables and cushioned sofa!

We ordered two 8 course dinner Sirloin/Cod ($27.95) and Sushi/Sashami platter ($23.95)

The 8 course meals comes with 

- Flavoured Calpis
They have over 20 different favours..however you can only pick strawberry/peach and the other favours a surcharge of $1 or you can upgrade that to cocktail for extral $1.99. Just ok.. It is like drinking sweet syrupy sparkling water.. if it is NOT free I would not have order that!

- Shrimp Shooter
Tiger shrimp nicely presented in a shooter glass with mango sauce.. Shrimp is fresh.. and quite tasty.. what should we do with the sauce?? do we down it like a tequlia drink? :P

- Spring Salad Mix 
Nice and Refresh served with a dressing with a kick!

- Miso Soup
Never like Miso soup especially when it is salty and lukewarm

- Mango Soypaper Roll
Nice and refreshing! Inside the roll there is a little vingerette sauce inside... yummy.... and light! 

- Beef Ribs
Quite tender, not too salty and not too charred... tasted better but will do

- Octopus Ball
Freshly made.. never a big fan..but a lot better than any AYCE joint... not greasy at all...the octopus inside though small but not chewy!

- Sirloin/Cod with Rice
Both taste amazing!! Sirloin nice and tender! Cod also my favouite fish.. the sauce is sweet with depth.. wish the fish is bigger!

- Sushi/Sashami
Standard quality..both really fresh... I might not order this again since it did not impress me too much

- Creme Brulee/Tempura green tea ice cream
Creme Brulee was finished so fast I did not even have a chance to try it.. I guess it must be good. Green Tea ice cream never finished because I don't like the Tempura outside..should taste much better with just the ice cream.

- Complimentary Edmame
Love the spicy salt they sprinkle on top. And it is free.. great to nibble on waiting for the food to arrive!

Since the restaurant is not busy, we got great services! Will be back again to try out other things.. :)"
"Parkdale Library is quite decent..

A lot of shared communal tables right in the middle of the library... So you might able to get a seat... but there are not too many places to chill out...

So come here to have some work done, use their Wifi.. then move on...."
"Simply Yummy Bakery Inc's baked goods are not only simply yummy, but down to earth and affordable.

The baked goods I tried includes:

Banana Muffin 
Dark Chocolate with White Chocolate Chips
Banana Bread
""Cute"" Reindeer shortcake cookies (no Reindeer was harmed for my tasting pleasure!)

They were all really tasty, not to sweet that makes my throat hurt but sweet enough to satisfy my sweet teeth and give me a sugar high...

Self served format as you use a tong to put your goodies in brown bags. It is so easy to pick up more baked goods since they all look deliciously tempting!

Simply Yummy Bakery also bakes custom cakes for wedding, birthday and other special occasions!"
"2.5 star

I have never been to Paradise Fine Chinese Dining until Now and this place seems to be here for as long as I remembered!

Dim Sum Special: Weekday before 11:30 am or Weekend before 11:00 am S/M/L for $2.85 sure is quite a good deal.

We tried a few items, the usual ones we ordered when we have dim sum. Most of the items we ordered were so-so to meh, nothing really amazing enough for us to come back.

The deco though is quite nice and elegance. The only issue though was I felt a little rush  and there was a sense of the staff trying to get out out before the lunch rush. For me having dim sum means leisurely sipping my tea and chit chat a little while enjoying some food.

I might be back. But definitely not in a rush!"
"OMG! I don't believe I ate Raw crab and enjoying it!

Luckily Jinmirak has their crabs cleaned fairly well and they all look all brushed and triple washed before marinade them in Korean hot sauce. I know how they look like when they are still alive and moving since these kind of small Blue Crabs are sold in Chinese grocery stores.

Will I order it again? Not if I have to eat the whole order all by myself, if I got one or 2 or more people to share and enjoy it over a beer.. I will be all for it!

The Spicy Fish Egg Stews is A-OK too.. if your food crawl companion likes fish eggs. There are just so much of that in the stew. (for own information: Fish eggs are really High in Cholestrol 1 ounce equal almost 50% of a daily suggested servings) Luckily there are quite a few chunks of white fish and they are quite tasty. 

BTW, the interior of the restaurant is quite dated..and the menu is has this little moldy spots all over. There is a TV showing Korean Soap Opera without any volume. 

Lunch Specials!

They accepts Cash Only!."
"When I have a taste of Mister Baguette Vietnamese sandwiches, I don't believe that it is even remotely tasted like Nguyen Huong's! Their sandwiches here is 100% better!! 

The bread here is really thin and love how it is nicely toasted .... so crispy outside, nice and soft inside. Request extra spicy for my BBQ Pork Sandwich ($2.50), the only thing comment I have is here they use jalapeno instead of habanero chili... level of spiciness a little disappointed. 

Vietnamese Milk Coffee ($2.50) oh so oh so yummy!! I am indulging that as a dessert drinks.. since I usually have my coffee with just cream no sugar.. and this is like sweetened with condensed milk! The coffee is really strong too. 

Durian Crisp ($1.80) is a little disappointing. Durian flavour is not as intense as I would like (i.e. not stinky enough)... and the filling a little heavy. 

The lady here is so so friendly VS those nasty ones at Nguyen Huong Scarborough location. She was so excited to show me how she made my coffee with the dripper. 

They accepts interac for order over $10 if under there will be a surcharge of 20 cents."
"Casa Acoreana is one of the most hole in the wall coffee shops I been to.

Here you won't find laptops, electric outlets or wifi...

I am not here for those...

Just a good cup of coffee at a good price! Americano and Cappuccino both well made...

I wish there are more places as simple as this!"
"Cake One is located inside Richlane Mall. Here you can get some Asian Inspired Dessert and Cakes. 

My friend got me a Black Sesame Mousse Cake for Birthday last week. I usually love everything sesame but the mouse cake was disappointing! It lacked the sweetness and richness of ""dessert"" cake. The mousse tasted stiff and lack texture. 

Maybe other flavours would have tasted much better?? Maybe this is the healthier version of Chinese pastry?"
"YuSushi Takeaway is located inside the food court of The Shoppes of the Parkway.

If you looking for some reasonable sushi to satisfy your cravings, then maybe you will enjoy what YuSushi offers.

I had their sushi twice for lunch. The fish was decent but the shari rice lacked seasonings. 

So I probably giving YuSushi a pass."
"Eating noodle from a paper cup sounds like a perfect street food. Sprout Hainan Noodle serves up some excellent rice noodle with the a perfect chewiness which I prefer.

The menu is really simple with just 3 soup base to choose from but all have an unique taste. I would recommend the Funky Spicy if you enjoy spicy food. Love all the toppings, but beware of the preserved vegetables which has a sour funky taste and smell.

The small for $5.99 would be a perfect afternoon snack!"
"I love how Dufferin and St Clair Library integrated and preserved the old architectural details during their renovations. 

The high ceiling in the main area with fresco painting is such a nice touch. 

If you want more privacy, there are also areas in the side wings that has really comfy sofa seating......overlooking the street. 

This library is so quiet, everyone whispering .....I even hear myself breathe! 

Great place to hang out using their WiFi and write some Yelp reviews!"
"3.5 Star

Mexican Food in Brampton?! Or more specifically Acupulco Mexican Food?

La Catrina has this little cozy homey vibe atmosphere. We were greeted by the Owner/Cook and which I asked tons of questions about the menu and asked for recommnendation. 

We shared:

Vuelve a la vida ""Back to life""  ($11) - Shrimp, Fish and Octopus mixed with tomato
sauce, chopped tomato, onion and cilantro
- Octopus so tender, love the use of tomato sauce which made it more like a refreshing cold soup!

Cochinita Pibil ($10) - Shredded Pork meat, marinated with 12 different spices and cooked in the oven for 8 hrs, topped with pickled red onion
- Good value for the portion! The pork is tender 
 
Pescado (Fish) Tacos ($7) - Beer batter Basa Fish, topped with a Mango Orange coleslaw salad, Chipotle mayonnaise and Fresh Cilantro.
- Love the mango orange coleslaw topping and the fish is fresh with a good texture. I don't really like the batter though, a little heavy for me.

For our happy ending we shared Tres Leches cake, which is moist and light with the right amount of sweetness. The highlight of our lunch!

La Catrina might not have the most fancy or amazing Mexican food but definitely a gem in Brampton. A great neighbourhood restaurant for some authentic Mexican food."
"I don't expect much from most of the restaurant in Chinatown area but Greens Vegetarian Restaurant is definitely a nice surprise.

Clean, nicely decorated, spacious and even a clean washroom!!!

I really enjoyed most of the food we ordered and shared but I love carb and veggie than meat.

Hot and Sour Soup ($6.99) - has a lot of ingredients and a nice balance of hot and sour

Spring Roll Platter ($5.99) - love mango and rice paper roll

Eggplant with Tofu in Black Bean Sauce ($7.99) - love eggplant and the nice sauce

Deep Fried Mock Chicken in Lemon Sauce ($7.99) - meh

Sweet and Sour Mock Chicken ($8.99) - love sweet and sour sauce and the batter is light and crispy!

Spicy Ma Po Tofu ($7.99) - really bland tasting and too watery

Singapore Style Vermicelli ($5.99) and Fried Rice Noodle with Mock Beef ($5.99) - surprisingly tasty and with fresh of the wok flavour

Assorted Vegetables Dish ($7.99) - good and healthy choice!

Service here has a nice family vibe, though a little slow.

I will be back to Greens Vegetarian for some well prepared Chinese food. I might just skipped those mock meat and opt for the fresh ingredients!"
"I need a coffee! 

City Roast Coffee and Tea might not make an excellent Americano but it is just so conveniently located inside The West Side Market. 

Price is reasonable priced $2 for a single shot Americano.

Lady was super friendly. The cup has built in sleeve so I can enjoy my hot beverage while walking around the Market."
"Newest Starbucks in the neighbourhood! 

The staff here is just so friendly and nice. Even checked on me if I am waiting on my mobile order when I walked in. 

Salted Cream Nitro Cold Brew was well made. The creamy foam is velvety and rich and has a nice consistency. This is much better than the one I got from Midland location which went flat even before I started sipping on it! 

Small patio area facing the parking lot but with all the traffic in this busy plaza, it might not be the most enjoyable patio experience."
"Le Cafe Michi you really disappointed me!! I was hoping you can impressed my Yelp Blogger Japanese food expert with your food, but in fact you embarrassed me... 

You charged $8 for your Toro Miki which we were happy to pay expected that it would at least be half decently good... but it was like something I got at T&T. The rolls was falling apart when we picked it up by chopsticks and the toro was so chewy.... 

Luckily, My Chicken Teriyaki Set ($12.95) was as good as I remembered. The chicken was tender and moist with this light delicate gingery taste. I always love the cake and the coffee that ones with the set!! 

Services was though arrogant and lacking... I was not impressed.... I was in fact embarrassed.... The older lady that took care of us later was much better, maybe I should request not to be served by one of those pretty Japanese girls??"
"Momiji took over the building where The Keg was  and they did a awesome job in transfering the space into a nice, chic and trendy deco Japanese/Korean restaurant.

Momiji reminds me of a crossover between a Milestone and Sushi place, since in the evening it is open till 2 AM on weekends and transfer into a drinking place. 

The outside of the building is not attractive at all. I have driven by so often and did not realize is existence. It is really just a grey looking building with windows and the name of the restaurant on it. 

For lunch it is a busy busy place. There are a lot of people working in offices near by comes here for lunch. The place is full! But here the service is so so fast! I am talking about Food court speed. The kitchen and waitstaffs are trained like an army and my food was deliver to my table in less than 10 min. I do believe since this place is so busy, they just kept rolling the sushi, deep frying the tempura and it is more like they are working in an assembly line keep pumping out food!

The Kalbi lunch bento box ($9.95) is nicely presented. The shrimp and veggie tempura are quite good. There are also spicy rolls and 1 veggie spring roll on the side. Kalbi is not bad.. but I have better one. But it is good value for the prices.

The waitstaffs are all Koreans. So communications here are on minimum level. But they are all nice and polite. Yes kneeling beside your table to take your order and so soft spoken. A lot of young male Korean waitstaffs too, feel like I am in Seoul or something :P

I will probably drop by an evening and try some of their sake or mixed sake drinks!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard. AMEX in the future."
"This review of Colborne Lane is based on my Summerlicious 2012 experience.

For $45, you do get a taste of what Colborne Lane offers and the meal is really delightful. The menu is just like a math equation with ingredients and sauces adding up to create your dish with artistic /interesting plating. We ended up trying:

Appetizer:

popped corn soup + pork belly + double smoked bacon + crème fraiche = a curry like soup reminds me of Khao Soi and the only missing thing is the noodle

cured salmon + ponzu vinaigrette + radish salad + soy sauce snow + pickled ginger + puffed tapioca = a great mix of different texture and different taste, the puffed tapioca reminds me of rice crackers!

Main:

striploin + smoked parsnip + puffed wheat berries + black garlic + watercress = tender and the only more fulfilling dish for the night...

rock hen + romesco sauce + hen of the woods mushrooms + gnocchi + stuffed torpedo onion = interesting combination and love the gnocchi, hen cooked nicely with the crispy skin

Dessert: = Best part of the meal as usual

caramelized banana + peanut butter + hazelnut + dulce de leche = an orgy of different texture, temperature, taste. Definitely an adventure for my taste buds!!

warm chocolate cookie + milk ice sorbet + cocoa nib + wild blueberries = meh... Cookie a little dry and crunchy

Food portion definitely small but everything nicely prepared.

Talking about the noise level of Colborne Lane! In order for my date to hear me, I have to shout at her even she was just sitting right across from me. Definitely don't come here for a romantic date...

Service is decent under the circumstances during Summerlicious. 

I definitely interested in coming back for their tasting menu which is quite interesting and unique."
"There is nothing I really enjoyed during my only and the last visit to Yummy Cantonese Restaurant.

Yummy Cantonese has a Chinese name that indicate that it is specialized in Rice Noodle Roll. I love rice roll, but this is one of the worst rice noodle roll I ever had in my own life.

The restaurant is kind of dirty. Though it is new but it is not really new as it took over Man Cheong http://www.yelp.ca/biz/man-cheong-congee-noodle-scarborough without much cleaning up! I swear that they never even clean their condiment bottles as they are all sticky and yucky!!

We shared 

Plain ($2.25) & Minced Beef ($3.25) Rice Noodle Roll looked ugly and tasted worse. Usually rice roll has this smooth and silky texture, here they looks like a wrinkle face of an old person.... and tasted bland...

Fish Sliced and Beef Congee ($4.50) was a good portion for sharing. This tasted more like something I would have made at home. The congee based are not dense or smooth enough and nothing else was added to the preparation of the base to give it a smooth consistency.

Yummy Cantonese is NOT yummy at all. Won't be coming back!"
"Hmmmm when you look at the menu of this AYCE  Hachitarou restaurant you will think that it is great since it has such a big selections of hot and cold plate...

But the service here is lousy... they messed up our orders... we have food we never ordered dumped at our table...(at first we were a little confused and we just kept on eating them.. then we figured out we were eating other people food.. ohh!)

The food is ok... But most of the hot dishes are like some twisted version of Japanese-Chinese food.. not surprising it is owned and runned by Chinese people.

I found the interior a little bit dark. This place used to be a western restaurant and bar and the owner kept most of the layout..so it does not feel like a Japanese restaurant.

10% service charges are added on to the bill, so make sure you don't double tipped. (and trust me here does not worth the extra tips)"
"I have been sending my dogs in for boarding while I am away for vacations for the last 10 years.

It used to be a really small in a split level bungalow.. before they rebuilt the whole Kennels next door and turn it in a more modern kennel.

The staff here at the kennel is great! They know the name of my dog much better than me! When I walked in my dog is always greeted and everyone calling his name and say hi and welcome....

They don't lock up the dogs in the cage for the whole day, nor the exercise time are done in the private runs. There are play time for them, they usually has dogs the same size and temperment sharing toys and play together. If your pet stay in the executive suite, they got to hang out the whole day in the play group socializing with other dogs..

In order to do that, there are pages of questionaires need to be filled out before your pet can be checked in. They are really strict with vaccinations (all has to be up to date with Bordetella) and flea control (regardless they will administer flea control when your pet check in) and pest control (fecal has to be tested within the last 6 months), male has to be neutered in order to be in the play group.

Of course you can pay for extra play time, belly rub, massages, a full spa treatment, doggie ice cream...  they has a room service menu!(Maybe I should I staying in the kennel instead of on a vacation)

Now I know why my dog always has so much fun while I am on vacations... Though I am always in shock when I paid for his bill when I come and pick him up!

There are surcharges if you want to bring your own food... but they will accomodate for special diet if needed.. or they can give you the food they fed a few days before boarding to let you dog get use to it."
"Hot Hot Hot on a Thanksgiving Weekend Monday!! 

I just want to have a place to chill out, have a cold drink and some Internet time.... Vaughan Mills just too brutal with the crowds and a full parking lot.. 

This Starbucks is just across from the plaza from Vaughan Mills. Comfy sofa, great music... a mellow vibe on this particular afternoon... 

Unsweetened Iced Green Tea was A-OK... I just like my drink simple and light.... 

Power Nap time...........zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
"I was not too impressed with Marshalls. I expected more. A lot more.. especially when all my friends from US has told me how much they enjoy shopping at Marshalls...... 

Winners and Marshalls are so similar... I don't find their selections any better? 

I was lucky that the store was not too messy when I was there. I tried on a few thing, I looked around and just walked out!"
"Il Fornello Restaurants at Bayview Village is located right across from O&B. Talking about competition!

Il Fornello does has this Winter Special Menu for $15 that includes a choice of appetizer and main.. no dessert though. But this offering seems to be on going through out the year.

The restaurant was busy even around 1:30 pm but there was no wait. Services was slow at time until the table next to me start complaining then all the food just arrive so fast!

Mixed Green, Arugula Salad with Apple and Walnut
- portion size is good but just a little too heavy on dressing and get a little soggy

Gnocchi in Tomato Sauce Finished with Ricotta di Bufala
- Gnocchi has this great chewy texture cooked al dente
- the sauce was kind of generic, does remind me of something from the can...

I definitely think Il Fornello is under staff, the wait staffs are overwhelmed and that led to decline of services. 

All pizza for $10 on Tuesday sounded like a good deal... I probably be back to try out their pizza!"
"3.5 star

Ichiban Sushi House though is like a Franchise, this location in Vaughan does stand out from others I been to....

Decoration is super chic and classy, not traditional Japanese!! Reminded me more of a Sake Bar than one of the Ichiban Sushi House I been to.

Sushi Bento Box ($10.50)
- So nicely presented... I can tell the kitchen staffs really took the time to make sure even a lunch special is up to certain standard
- Though it is a Sushi Bento Box, the Tempura is the star! Lightly battered, freshly deep fried, crispy on the outside, oh so moist inside.. and that goes for the veggie too!!
- The fish was fresh... and I really enjoyed the sushi
- They did mess up with my order for Spicy roll and I got California roll instead... which I usually don't mind, but the way they made their Cali roll here was with a touch of mayo... way too much mayo for my liking...

Services here is friendly and nice... The two Korean wait staffs make sure I have all I need and more..."
"Nonno Crupi's Pizza used to be in Markham before the moved up to North Stouffiville. So being the only decent non chain pizza joint in the area, I totally understand the high rating as a local neighbourhood place.

No frills, good ingredients, friendly service.

Dropping by here after servicing my car for lunch one afternoon. A lot of truckers popped in for take out or eat in. Parking for sure can be a challenge in this small parking lot so a lot of people just park in roadside or wherever space without blocking others.

My Deluxe Pizza Slice is A-OK. It is usually hard to rate a pizza if it is not fresh from the oven. But at least Nonno Crupi's has a high turnover so it was still good.

Worth supporting local small business if you are in the area."
"Summerlicious 2017 (Dinner: $25)

Lisa Marie was the last restaurant I visited for my 2017 Summerlicious' run. I was hoping the best for last but was disappointed.

App:
Alabama Tailgaters
Tuna Ceviche Nachos

Main:
House Smoked Ribs
Nashville Hot Chicken

Main:
Elvis Brioche French Toast
Summer Fruit Crumble 

Nothing too excited but the Nashville Hot Chicken was not good. So dried and over seasoned that I could not even finished that. Now I know why everyone else in the restaurant all ordered the ribs.

I do enjoy their cocktails; Love my Buck & Co ($13) as it has candied ginger as one of the element!

Service was fast and friendly. 

I might be back for a drink or a snack but probably not a real dinner."
"Those Danish and Tarts! 

I am just so glad I don't have to make a decision and choose what to get as a snack. I would be getting more than one for sure!

I love butter and flaky crust so I would be even happy eating one of those buttery tarts plain. 

Pear Tart ($4.95) could be a little sweeter and at the price I did expect a little more. Maybe I would go for one of those tarts with an Asian twist next time.

Nice and bright store. More a take out place as there are only 2 tables in the front for standing only."
"Hu Tieu Nam Vang Hong Phat is supposed to be specialized in Hu Tieu Nam Vang which is Cambodian Style noodle. So Instead of my usual pho, I decided to try out their dried version of Cambodian noodle.

H02 - Hu Tieu Nam Vang ($6.95)
- A heap of noodle topped with pork everything: intestines, belly, patties, grounded meat, livers, kidneys. 
- Love the slightly sweet sauce and different garnishes on top
-The dry version does serves with a bowl of pork bone broth with chives on the side 
- For taste just use fish sauces, hot sauces and whatever you prefer as it can be quite personal

HTNVHP has a nice family owned restaurant. It is clean and people are friendly. Food are decent and reasonably priced. I will definitely be back for their noodle again!"
"Kanto by Tita Flips does have a homely feel.

I have my fair share of Filipino food but mostly from various food court stalls and fast food like take out places. I don't have much expectations from a food stall on the street, as I am expecting the same pre cooked food under heat lamp or something just heat up in the microwave.

Tosi Log ($6) combo with a drink - Filipino Cured Meat, Garlic Fried Rice, Fried Egg and Pickled Vegetables. Though not the most amazing thing I had but is decent and tasty at that price point. Portion is quite adequate as a meal. Calamansi Iced Tea reminds me of the Chinese sour plum drinks that helps in digestion, but calamansi seems to have other health benefits.

Lola like lady which prepared our order is super nice. 

We were there for late lunch so there was no other people and our food was ready in 10 minute or so. 

I love the set up and the whole concept of these food stalls. I wish there will be more popping up around downtown area. They just remind me of the food scene in Portland, OR."
"The last thing I thought was playing CLUE with some other Yelpers on a Saturday night. 

Swirl is a nice place to hang with a couple of friends, maybe a little to feminine for some but great to have different bars and loungers that have different vibes. 

Good selections of wine but for beer drinkers it will be really disappointing to just have 1 and only 1 choice... but then for me, no need to make decision? 

Daydreaming while my friends were asking me questions about who killed with what and where definitely not me call relaxing :)"
"Lucullus opens at Downtown Markham is kind of exciting. A real cafe setting that one can drink Hong Kong Style Milk Tea and enjoy some Chinese baked goods including Bo Lo Bao Pineapple Bun.

They even offers house roasted coffee. 

Meal Combo for $5 still available if you want some cheap eats.

Plastic bistro style chairs already wobbling, or maybe my friend put on some weight over the holidays.

A lot of potential."
"After eating smoked meat up the street, now it is time for some sweet..

My Yelp Friend knows Juliette Et Chocolat is not his place the moment he stepped in and saw the white pretty deco. And when he saw the menu, I know he rather be drinking local crafted beers in one of the brewery pubs than drinking these overpriced hot chocolate.

We shared Hazelnut Praline Petit Pot ($4.25) which I really enjoyed and Dark Semi-Sweet Classic Style ($4.99) which I hated! I find the hot chocolate was such a disappointment just overly sweet with hardly any chocolate taste! The Vintages ones does sounded better but seriously at over $10? Definitely overpriced IMO!

Service was meh, not on par with other Montreal business I been to. It took forever to take our order and our glasses stayed empty even several requests to be refilled! 

I don't think I will be back......... and I know my Yelp Friend totally agreed with me on that!"
"Cold Noodle was perfect for a hot summer afternoon! 

I came here with no expectation with the poor review but was pleasantly surprised! 

Mul Naengmyeon ($9.99) was nicely presented with chewy buckwheat noodle. I could use a some vinegar and mustard to spice it up a little but overall it was tasty. The ice in the broth can be in smaller chuck but it ended up keep the noodle chilled for longer.

The banchan was plentiful and tasty. I was served the same number of dish even as a single diner. 

I will be back for more Cold Noodle and might try out other items."
"Breathe Yoga Studio though it is small in size with limited facilities/amenities but just have this positive vibe and great teachers.

When I arrived for my first class using my passport, I was really puzzled to see all these students waiting on the stairways... I almost want to push my way through then I realize this is the waiting area!!

The practice room is smallish.. it is as big as some of the waiting area at some of the studio I been to. A small change area with little cubicles for your belongings.

The restorative class I have was great! Instructor walking around and checking making sure we did our posture correctly. She also explained which 7 chakras we working on for each of the poses.

I feel so energized and relaxing at the same time after the class...

Breathe Yoga Studio is another good example that good teachers are the most essential element in a yoga studio!"
"Air Conditioning at FULL BLAST!!

College Shaw Library is the ""coolest"" library I been to in Toronto! 

30C hot, sunny and humid outside, I took a break from the heat... and I was shivering and in need of a light jacket after chilling here for 15 minutes!

Lucky for me to find a working area with electric outlets and a good view of College Street.

Free WIFI with outlets, Great View and full blast AC... I am happy!"
"This is the newest location of Deer Garden, a Hong Kong Style Cafe franchise from Vancouver specialize in Fish Soup, just opens up in Scarborough.

You pick the combination ($8.75)

Soup base
Noodle
Toppings (first 2 are included and any extra is $1.50 each)  
Choice of drink 

The broth always serves burning hot, so be really careful. I always order the fish broth base but there are also chicken based or even spicy one you can choose from.

Make sure to ask for the house made xo hot sauce.

There are also set set which are not soup noodle to choose one. A great place to come with picky eaters as they can customize their own meal.

Cash Only.

I though got really thirsty after eating here. I really doubt their claim of no MSG."
"In? Am I in? 

Opens till 3 am? 

Young Koreans hanging out? 

Loud music makes me feel like I am in a club?

Food choices are quite limited and on the pricey side.

Spicy Chicken ($15) with vegetables are quite spicy but is really a really stir fried dish. 

Services definitely lacking as we could not even find our waiter to order something else or even to get our bill.

With that many restaurant options in the area, I doubt I will be back here again. 

Out... I am Out!"
"Sapporo Sushi is located at Golden Plaza right in a mall that with all Chinese restaurants and stores at Hwy 7 and Chalmers.

Lunch here starts at $6.95 all includes a miso soup, appetizer and an ice cream. 

They also has daily lunch special, $1/$2 off their special rolls, $1/$2 off udon noodle soup., $6.95 bento box for teriyiki, $7.95 bento salmom sushi/sashimi box, different offer each day.

I ordered on of the lunch special $8.95 Dinner 1 which includes 12 pieces of Sashimi, 5 pieces of Sushi and 6 pieces of rolls.

I was so surprised when I saw how big and fresh the sashimi were!! The Salmon is so good... melt in your mouth good... hmhmhm good...

The sushi I found it is just ok.. because the sashimi was so good in comparison. 

The rice they use for the roll and the sushi are cooked to prefection! the nice round rice with texture... The rice on the rolls looks bouncy not those flat and crush rolls I saw sometimes at the AYCE!

However please skip the hand roll.. my unagi roll  cost $3.95 and it is not too good.. not bad.. but does not worth $3.95. (I can finish that thing in 2 bites! but I always has craving for seaweed.. I have to have a hand roll with seaweed!)

This place is a family business, owned and runned by Koreans. I saw 3 generations grandma, father and son helping out in the restaurant.

Only 1 waitress, so the service may not be too attentative if the place is busy.   

They have special for dinner too from $8.95....

I will definitely come back next time to try out their cooked food...

The only credit card they accept is Visa.

I trying to ask for a takeout flyer so next time I can order some to go and they said they don't have any flyers..."
"Victoria's Secret in Scarborough Town Centre opened today! Just in time for the Holiday's Shopping Season!

I already seen quite a few people walking around the Mall with the little pink bags 2 hours after they open their doors!

This is a mega location for Lingerie as really Pink's and Victoria's Secret are located right next to each other and interconnected inside too.

The store was super busy today and not easy to get attentive personal services as the other location I been to!"
"New Fortune Stone is practically in the same plaza as T&T but being in an awkward location as their storefront is not really visible when you driving along Steeles, I never realized it exist until I read Cherrie T review!

Typical Hong Kong Style Cafe with a huge selection on their menu and offers Breakfast, Lunch, Afternoon and Dinner Special.

Baked Beef with Portuguese Sauce ($7.50) lunch set comes with soup and drink was really good. Portion is huge and enough for me to pack half to go for snack later!

Everyone here is so friendly and treat me like a regular even it was the first time I ever set food in this restaurant! 

Definitely worth coming here for a quick cheap HK fast food fix!"
"3.5 Star

Seriously, I hate waiting in line for my food. I doubt I would have eat at Kazu if there was a line waiting to get in. But it must be my lucky day! In the neighbourhood looking for some pre dinner snack and there was no one waiting!!!!!!!

I got a seat at the bar within 5 minute. As I was having a snack and being alone, I ordered the Shrimp Burger that everyone raved about and a Yuzu Soju Cocktail to wash it down.

Shrimp Burger was A-OK. Love the Spicy Mayo that gave a little kick to the burger and the rice cracker added texture. The shrimp patty though was really messy. 

I was happy sipping my drink and absorbing the busy vibe. The service was a little rush but of course the staff wanted to turnover the tables as fast as possible.

I don't mind coming back next time when I am in town visiting. The rice bowl does look good.. I love sashimi and of course some black sesame ice cream too!"
"I was kind of excited when I see the Bright Red Sauce on our half and half chicken...

Usually Red = Spicy specially in a Korean restaurant? But disappointingly the sauce is a sweet sauce... or is it sweet? or sour? or just some colouring? I just could not pin point the taste...

The plain fried chicken is quite crispy though..

Medium Size is good as a snack for 2 people to share... as an afternoon snack? Some beer or Soju would have made the experience more enjoyable... 

Ajuker Chicken is kind of homey..simple with no decoration. Service is warm and friendly."
"Original XXL Fried Chicken Breast Medium Spicy ($9.99) was pretty good! Quite sizable and great to share with a friend if you choose to. The meat was surprisingly moist and juicy even though I usually prefer dark meat!

We were there on a Friday afternoon and there was no line. The wait was around 10-15 minute for the food to be ready as it does takes that long for the chicken to be cooked probably!

Will I be back? Not a bad value if you want some good fried chicken!

Funny thing is I have been to Taipei Night Market a few times but never bother ordering one (half the price over there) since there are so many other more interesting food to eat there instead of a mega piece of friend chicken that just way too filling!"
"The bartender/server smiled and said to me ""What do you feel like drinking? You can sample a few before you decide?""

And with a selection of crafted beers from local breweries.. I am in LOVE.

Old Credit Pale Pilsner
Spearhead Hawaiian Pale Ale
Denisons Dunkel
Granite Keefe's Irish Stout
Beau's Lagered Ale
Muskoka Lake Mad Tom IPA

If you don't like any of the above, there are also bottles and cans of different varieties available.

Price wise are definitely reasonable with a pint around $6 or 12oz for $4

If you are not a beer drinker, there are 16 different selections of wines from local wineries and you can even do a flight.

With Amsterdam Brewery just down the road, hopefully there will be some of their products on tap soon?

Life is good when I can drink a Denisons Dunkel as my afternoon tea...

Located inside Longos, you won't miss Corks. And you should not miss it! 

I wish every Longos has one.. I need to start a petition: Grocery Shopping and Beer/Wine Drinking for all the shoppers!!

PS I forgot to mention Corks serves food too.... in case you are not a drinker"
"3.5 star

Thumbs Up's 2nd location opens in Scarborough. 

Thumbs Up 2 serves a good selection of authentic Korean food. Nothing too fancy but the selection is solid.

Lunch Special Weekday till 2 pm from $6.95 have quite a selection and is $1.50 or so less than the regular menu.

This location used to be Han River which they did a complete renovation to make it more spacious and open.

Galbitang ($11.95) is good portion with 6 piece of beef short ribs. The ribs were off the bone tender and big meaty pieces too! 6 different banchan and the nice lady even offered me 2 dumplings to try since they having some for lunch.

I am happy that Thumbs Up decided to open up in Scarborough as the Nak Won and Owl of Minreva locations in the area are not really good and worth visiting.

Parking in this lot can be a pain as the parking space are at an angle and really narrow and most drivers seems to have problem park in the middle of the spot......"
"Here at Hanji, you can find cute, thoughtful and unique gifts for that special someone to celebrate all kind of life events.

All these pop up gift cards are all so well made. And there are also other small gifts for someone that appreciate better things in life.

I always have so much fun browsing around. And if you are shopping for someone special, maybe you should come to Hanji take a look!"
"If I can go to one place and one place only for the night to have a sample of what Montreal local microbreweries offers, Vices et Versa would be my choice!

The 33 beers on drafts have a selections of different breweries and styles.

Love the flight options as we ended up trying 12 beers that evening and I can see my Yelp friend's eyes getting blurry: Can't see the chalkboard symptom and almost walked into the son the sidewalk wall.

We sampled @ $14 for 6 samples with any combination:

La Ruine-Papilles
British
Rousse Rustre
Boson de Higs - A strange smokey beer that has a hint of meat?!
Blanche de l'Ermitage
Dominus Vobiscum Double - Belgian Dubble 8%
Le Tracteur Du Pere Buteux - Saison at 8%
MacKroken Flower -10% ABV
CID Original
CID Rose
CID Culvre Sur Lie -10% ABV 
La Buteuse - A Belgina Tripel 10% ABV

We were happily drinking and waiting for my other Yelp friend who has problem finding this place...  

Now I realized all these high ABV beers we drank at this bar stop would have made me so happy and want to go back to Vices et Versa!

Cheers!!

FYI: I untapped all the beers we tried! I doubt I would have remembered what I drank the next day anyway!"
"Grandeur Palace's Grand Opening Special is quite a good deal. I might have give them a lower rating but what they offers is just value for money!

Palace Crystal Chicken (1/2 for $8.30) really exceed my expectation. Even the white meat was so tender! I like how they served heated. But if I have to pay over $16 for that? I am just not sure.

Sweet and Sour Pork ($12.98) with fresh fruit has lychee in it! I love lychee. However I found the batter was not crispy enough for my liking. 

Steamed Scallop with Luffa and Garlic Sauce ($14.95) was a disappointment! Presentation was lacking and looked nothing close to the photos in the menu!!

Service was ok. Some of the wait staff is really helpful and nice but most of them really not trained for ""higher"" end restaurants at this price point.

Maybe I will be back? I will see!"
"Original Congee has reopen in this new location after one year of closing down their Food Court location.

3.5

A real restaurant with table service. Bigger portion than before and with similar price! Their Combo still starts at $5.50!

Congee of course is the most popular things to order here. And I love their steamed rice rolls! And if you are not into any of those, they have beef brisket or wonton noodles too! Their Wonton Noodle Combo at $6.50 that includes a side vegetables is just hard to beat if you into value!

Opens at 7 am! This maybe the place to go for early authentic Chinese breakfast!"
"Doll Face Spa is a good beauty salon if you are looking for eyelash extension at a reasonable price.

I love how you can schedule a last minute appointment via their online booking system and you can even see which technicians are available on what day. 

There is a bus stop right in front of the salon or if you are driving, there are free parking on site.

My experience with my refill was good. Though there was not much privacy as the area is all open up to the reception area and 3 treatment beds are placed close to each other in the same room.

My beautician Vanessa was really thorough with the treatment and did a good job.

They also offers other service aside from Eyelash extension and you may also find discount deals online from Groupon."
"A revisit to Golden Elephant because of Pho-bruary!

I was there on a Saturday evening around 6:30 pm, the place was not busy at all. I order the usual small Pho with raw beef ($4.99). My order arrived in less than 1 minute. The order is sizable like before, a small equal to a medium in other restaurant. 
 
The broth was nice and hot. I was a little disappointed with the noodle this time, though it is the fresh varieties however, it was really overcooked! It tasted so soft without any texture.sigh.........

The waitresses in this location all speaks Mandarian between themselves where as the Vietnam Noodl Star location all speak Cantonese

This place has so many washroom signs, 3 of the right next to each other... wondering if so many customers ask where the washroom is ;p

I still go Golden Elephant for a quick Pho fix especially in the evening as where can you get a decent bowel of Pho in a nice clean environment for $4.99?"
"Lisa's Cosmetics and Fragrances is really a wholesaler of Elizabeth Arden, Smashbox and Red Earth. It is closed to the public and only open their warehouse twice a year. One end of November just before X'mas and One beginning of May just before Mother's Day.

The great thing about Lisa's Cosmetics Sale is that you don't need one of those invitation card or VIP to get in!

I would definitely suggest to come on during the warehouse sale on weekdays! The first time I went on a Sunday afternoon, it took me 2 hours to line up in the cold before I can get in! From now on, I only come on weekday early afternoon, even though there was still a queue but the wait was like 30 minute max.

If you ask if it worth it! YES YES YES! If you are using Elizabeth Arden skin care products or cosmetic, the price is at least 50% cheaper than at a regular store. I got this foundation for $15 and is selling at the Bay counter for $40!

They also have a great selection of Sally Hasen's nail care product with nail polishes/base/top coats going for $1.

The brushes set gift box are of good value too! 

Now I only go stock up my face product twice a year at the warehouse sale.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"This is one of the three Starbucks locations inside Eatons Centre.

Set up to be more like a takeout place. So great if you want to grab something quick.

The location is really popular since it is right by the popular meet up place, where the Fountain is! A lot of people hanging around waiting for their friends or loves one while sipping a Starbucks' beverages.

Services always quick and friendly!"
"Fast efficient drive thru service. 

This is the McDonald I frequent the most and have been visiting for years.

Food was mostly ok. Standard McDonald's quality. Though one time I got an ice cold Egg McMuffin.

This location does get really busy during weekday's lunch rush with all the factories in the area."
"After visiting the ""New"" location of Fantasy Eatery up at  Richmond Hill, I now realized how lucky I was all through the years I have been eating at Scarborough location. This may looked dated and feel like a hole in the wall, but it screamed value and quality.

Lunch Special from $4.99 includes a drink. Or a combo with noodle and congee for $5.75.

Portion is huge. Our combo can feed two of me (congee and beef fried noodle). We even ordered another soup noodle that's comes with hot beverage.

The Beef Fried Noodle has good wor hay with the outside charred a little but still soft inside.

Maybe Scarborough is really a land of cheap delicious food and once they moved north to Richmond Hill without much competition, everything just change.

Too bad the new Fantasy Eatery is not the same anymore even with the same name."
"Ba Shu Ren Jia is a Chinese Restaurant tht serves Szechuan cuisine.

If you want really spicy, numb your lips spicy.. that's the place you should come!

Trust me, if I say it is spicy, it is spicy.. no hot sauce required on the side.

I dropped by for lunch.. Though there are no lunch specials the prices here are really cheap..

The cold noodle ($3.99)  is mixed with seasame, green onion and hot oil. The noodles are the narrow and chewy. Make sure you mix the noodles well with the sauce before you start eating! Yes it is spicy and it is good!

The Chive and pork dumplings ($3.99) on the other hand tasted like frozen ones! The skin are really thick and the inside has not much soup. I will say it is ok...not great... I will not order it again.

I was so full after eating these!! Stuffed full till dinner time!

The services is fast and efficient. Though no smile and thanks for the waitress..but I got what I need.

Cash only!

No Lunch Specials!"
"Coffee time is any time!

This location of Aroma Espresso Bar is in a business area so can get crazily busy during lunch hour! 

I love the set up of the interior which is quite spacious and with plenty of seating. 

Coffee with a chocolate. Or am I here just for the chocolate..."
"The Beech Tree is definitely an excellent ""bar"" if you want to have a drink.

Amazing Cocktail list! I would never have expected from this neighborhood! The cocktail serves here uses fresh-squeezed fruit juice and House Made Syrups, bitters and grenadines! And I just love the cocktails we ordered which all prepared with cared and skills.

For beer lovers, there are beers from Amsterdam, Beau's, Left Field and Kawartha Lakes available on tap. They can even give you a taster before you commit. For wine lovers, there are wine available in glass from local and around the World. 

The Beech Tree is definitely an excellent ""restaurant"" if you want to enjoy some well prepared food. The food here is all seasonal and locally sourced prepared from scratch, that includes the bread, pickled vegetables, sauces and the cured meat!

Cauliflower and Stilton on toast ($5)
Chicken liver parfait with poached pears and toasts ($11)
A warm salad of smoked arctic char w/ celeriac croquette, quail egg, wild rice and cider vinaigrette ($12)
Gnocchi with rosemary and parsnip ($16)
Slow braised lamb hot pot with pickled vegetables ($13)

The appetizers and mains I tried were all nicely presented with interesting combination of ingredients and flavors.

The complimentary mini peanut butter chocolate torte was so rich and it was the perfect to end the evening!

Highly recommend to give The Beech Tree if you are in the area! But remember to make a reservation as the restaurant is quite small and with limited seating!"
"Gourmet Gringos is the only Food Truck my friend wanted to try out of all that's available during Nuit Blanche event. And I am glad that I finally get to try out their tacos!

We tried:

Beer Battered Mahi Mahi (2/$9)
Chicken (2/$7)
Pork (2/$7)

Fish taco definitely the best out of the 3 we tried! My friends just chowed down all the tacos in record speed. 

The line for Gourmet Gringos was surprisingly short during the event and the wait time for other other to be ready was around 10-15 minute.  Definitely worth the wait especially all the food is made to order!

I definitely want to have some more Mahi Mahi tacos next time when I bump into Gourmet Gringos again! And extra hot sauce please!! :)"
"Now Now...I know is unfair for me kept referring to Katz's Delicatessen no matter where I have my smoked meat experience...

Caplansky's Delicatessen is not Katz's... But is not bad!!

I love how there is a choice of lean/medium/fat for the smoked meat ... nice waiter suggest medium... that's when my Yelp buddy was in the washroom.. for him, he might have order the FAT!!

Smoked Meat Sandwich ($8)
- The size is great for snack...(yes snack) but great as lunch with one of the soup!
- The smoked meat itself I found it a little dry... not too juicy..but has a nice smokey flavour.. but did not Wow me...

Cabbage Borscht ($3.50)
- served hot!! like steaming hot!! 
- I found it hearty, and I love cabbage... and it have bit of smoked meat inside...Yes I love it! 
- I was surprised that it is a cup size, it is more a bowl size...(I got to finish off the rest while my yelp buddy busy eating his sandwiches!)

The service... here was surprisingly good!! Maybe I expect to have lousy services. 

The smoked meat sandwich though did take a long time to arrive... and the place was not even busy...."
"When I saw the ad of DonDon's having a Niigata Festival, I kind of know I want to go back for a drink! 

Or was it my Yelp friend that knows so much about me wanting a night cap at the end of a non alcoholic food crawl took me here for some sake!

Kikusui ($12) at 30% off definitely a good bargain. 200 ml size is perfect for myself.. oh so I supposed to share?

Since we were sitting right by the kitchen, we decided to give  Yakitori ($4/2) another try as I had a so so experience last time. Watching my food prepared freshly in front of me at least I am sure that it was made to order, not like last time. But sadly though,   it was better than last time but still not as good as other Izakaya I been to.

Staff was polite and courteous, we never feel rushed even when I took my sweet time enjoying my sake.

I will be back for more sakes but I doubt I would have order more food!"
"First impression is really important on the first date. 

Brass Taps Pizza Pub really makes a good impression. The dark and ""cozy"" down to earth vibe, the friendly crowd and the helpful waitress.

My quickie Tequila shot ($6) sealed the deal.

I will be back again, my second date will hopefully involve some finger licking food!"
"Lunch Specials! 

$4.99 for a Katsu Don Set that comes with soup and salad 

$5.99 for either a Tempura/Chicken Teriyaki bento box 

Tekka Sushi is just right across from Fairview Mall but hidden inside one of the side street. My Yelp ""Blogger"" Friend asked me if I ever been there or if I know about it.... Not really... but I ready to try anything Japanese so off I go looking for lunch specials. 

Their website has that usual disclaimer about prices subject to change. Tekka lunch special prices is cheaper than what they posted on their website! I am not complaining if things are cheaper?! 

Assorted Sushi Set ($8.99) 
- Salad has this light sesame dressing which I really enjoyed.. and was presented with thoughts.... 
- Sushi was exactly how it was shown in the photo... 
- Quality wise is not A-OK, I have better but for the price I paid I am not complaining.. 
- I wish there is more nigri..instead of just 4 and the rest were all rolls 

The interior is nice and clean. The lone waitress was efficient and friendly. Japanese songs in the background... but waitress is Chinese speaking :) 

Be careful when hiking down the washroom... the stairs are steep... I almost rolled all the way down and hmmm washrooms not the cleanest.. sticky floors etc... 

If you are in the area, I definitely suggest coming here for their lunch!! The price point is even cheaper than what you can get in the Food Court at Fairview!!"
"Though this WalMart is located inside Scarborough Town Centre, I found it is either convenient or good place to shop.

I would go to other WalMarts in the area, then coming down here...

Since it has a 2 floors set up which is quite different than other WalMarts, I could not find a lot of merchandise as I am not sure if it is on the 1st floor or the 2nd floor?! For me health and beauty products should be close together... but you will find body lotion is downstairs and face cream is upstairs??

Another thing is there never enough cashiers!! The cash out area for exit to the parking lot on the 2nd floor usually has only ONE cash opens!! 

There are a couple of WalMart in the area, but this one seems to be the most convenient if you taking the Scarborough LRT... but if you drives, go somewhere else!!"
"I walked into Acadia Restaurant and I felt right at home. Even as a single diner, I was welcomed with open arms ... and even I only ordered an appetizer and a side.. the waiter still really accommodating and offers me excellent services! He even worried that I was bored by letting me read a foodie magazine about Ramens :)

Acadia's menu is simple and unique, blending Maritime seafood with a Cajun flair. They also offers a 4 courses Chef's Choice menu! With the help of my waiter, I decided on: 

Cornbread with Sweet Potato Butter ($5) soft with great texture and has this fresh out of the oven fluffiness...and sweet potato butter?!!! I wondering can I get this anywhere else?!! 

Boudin Balls ($6) hmm hmmm... deep fried pork sausage with rice was sinfully delicious. The red pepper honey dipping sauce was sweet and with a sour after taste. 

Chesapeake Bay Crab ($12) is a cold appetizer that has a delicately balanced taste. But I probably would skip that next time and try out their Northumberland Strait Scallops instead! 

Great selection of crafted cocktails with most of them with a southern twist! I definitely need to come back just for some cocktails! 

The complimentary appetizer with the different pickles vegetables was a nice touch.. but I love complimentary things, especially if they are that tasty and refreshing!!! 

The deco is simple and rustic... and love the open kitchen setting as you can see the chef busy preparing my meals!!

I highly recommended trying out Acadia if you looking for a different dining experience!!"
"Decisions Decisions Decisions!

La Diperie has such an interesting selection for dippings and toppings. I love that I can even choose the size! Mini Cone for $2 is just perfect as a snack. But finding the perfect combination of dipping and topping (50 cents each) can be a little tricky.I would suggest go with your heart or just pick any as there is never a wrong combination

Honey Lavender and Pistachio
Matcha and Toasted Hazelnut

Even on a cold weather afternoon, the soft serve melted quickly and got a little messy. I really want to take my time to enjoy my treat but ended up have to eat it as fast as I can!

Love the concept and the great price point, Highly recommended!"
"ZenQ is fun and playful.

I was sold when I heard they use Earl Grey for their ZenQ Milk Tea ($4.70).

Grass Jelly with Q Ball ($6.20) loves all the elements especially all these chewy items.

A little pricey but similar price point compares to other dessert places where the young people hang out.

Deco is modern and chic. Nice and shiny.

Another place for me to hang out in the area!"
"Drinking Starbucks in a Hotel.. Surfing WIFI seating on nice leather armchair watching CP24... 

This is by far my favourite Starbucks to date!! Located inside Sheraton Parkway North right next to the reception area sharing seating areas with the lobby bar. 

The cappuccino itself is quite standard but pricey....my Grande is like 40% milk froth... 

But the WIFI connection here is strong and seating comfy... Maybe this will be one of my Yelp office!!"
"If you live in the Neighbourhood and you looking for varieties of Ethnic food, Fu Yao Supermarket is the place to shop.

You can find Chinese, Filipino, Indian, Jamaican, East European groceries... Which is quite surprising for a grocery store of this size.

Walking around give me cravings for Halo Halo... so many ingredients to make one of those... all I need to do is to add shaved ice!

But at least it has my favourite Ube+Green Bean ice bar....."
"I had been using my Presto! card for a few months now and everything seems to work fine.

I love that I don't need to try to buy my ticket from the ticketing machine every time I need to get on the GO bus or train. Especially when it is freezing cold or rainy and I am running late! And the fact I saved 10% every trip.

I still don't understand why it takes 24 hours for my loaded credit to show on my account even when I made the transaction directly at one of the ticket counters at Union Station. 

Hopefully their technology would improve over the years and it is about time there is a stored value card for public transport."
"If you are into soya bean products and food, this is the place to go!!

This location of Yan Woo supposed to be the 16th location of this Hong Kong based franchise.

I have them since I was a child when I was in Hong Kong and I am so glad they opened one in Toronto!

Their sweet tofu pudding is so good! Prepared freshly everyday in the store. You can pick either hot or cold version or you can has different flavour with red bean, green bean, black sticky rice (my favourite), peanut, almond... and much more!!

They also has seating that you can order little snacks to eat in. They have fried noodles, congee, rice roll, fried tofu.

You can also buy family packed sweet tofu pudding, tofu, soy bean drink (sweet or unsweetened).

You really have to try the tofu pudding.. it is like silk! Just slide into your throat good!

CASH only!"
"Sapporo Sushi was not good on my most recent visit.

The Bento Sashimi and Sushi ($14.95) was really really bad... The sushi are so small like miniatures and the rice was hard and chewy!

When I saw the Beef Teriyaki ($8.95), I could not stop laughing as they were just cold beef reheated slightly on a table grill.. they were cold, tasteless and chewy, great with the cold and hard rice on the side.

I guess I am not coming back any time soon...."
"There is nothing I needed at Holt Renfrew! There is nothing I desire in Holt Renfrew. Please don't get me a gift card here for any occasion, as I would have re-gifted that.....

But, it is fun to browse around as I usually do when I am in the area. I just love to annoy the sales persons and they can size me down as much as they want!

Aside from that, this Holt Renfrew's location has the best selections of everything... and I bet I can find a gift for the Yelp's ""Baron"" of Holt Renfrew with no problem!! or he can have my gift card!!"
"Congee Royal opened around 3 weeks ago. They took over the location of Thee Asian Kitchen. They kept most of the decorations with just a little upgrade, new cushions for the booth seatings, new lightings.

Congee Royal was really busy, luckily the restaurant has so many seatings there was not wait at all. The service here was really fast too, the help to move the customers and more business for the owners!

The wait staffs here are one of  the most friendly and polite ones I have encountered in a Chinese restaurant! The manager always walking around and checking that all the customers are happy and quick to fill orders and get anything that they need!

We ordered the big bowel ($8.95) of congee with diced shrimps, scallops, chicken, wintermelon. The consistency of the congee is really thick, though the taste a little bland. The stuffed eggplants ($3.95) tasted great and are freshly made. The XO fried turnips ($6.50) is not too good, they deep fried it first and by deep frying t makes the turnips pretty dried and the XO sauce does not have a kick to it at all.

The seatings are really comfortable. All the booth seatings and the high ceilings make the restaurant so roomy .

The menu has a great selections! Wider selections than Congee King or Keung Kee.

The best of all our bill has 10% off! Grand opening specials!

CASH only!"
"Labyrinth Lounge reminded me my days at a student. As student looking for cheap drinks and food and of course loud music... 

Not a bad place for a drink or 2... relax and lay back... dark..really dark....zzzzzzzzzzzz

Food was the usual pub selections. Thanks for fellow yelpers for letting me taste some of the food they ordered: cheese, onion rings, fries. The cooking oil they used were fresh so the food was not greasy...

BTW, I do need my cough syrup after my few hours of yelling at people at Labyrinth... it helped me open up my voice!"
"I was ready for my solo Izakaya experience at Kokoni Izakaya... so I can sip on some hot sake or sake cocktail while munching on some Japanese tapas style snacks...just like all those Japanese men does getting drunk like silly... 

But when I saw the Tuesday Specials: SUSHI for $1 each!! I just could not resist Specials... and specials for sushi.. I am IN!! 

Almost all the sushi are $1, except Toro, Uni or the more pricey one.. So I have to just try everything!! 

- Sake (Salmon) 
- Siroi Maguro (Butter Fish) 
- BC Tuna 
- Tako 
- Tobiko (green) 
- Unagi 
- Spicy Salmon 
- Spicy Tuna 
- Spicy Crab 

All nicely done and presented! 

I was honoured to be the first customer to took advantage of this special... 

Korean owner was so nice and accommodating and made me feel right at home.. even asking if I want extra miso soup...and of course my cup always stayed full! 

Now I guess I need to be back and try out their other things aside from Sushi!"
"I love Love Gelato!

I have been meaning to come here since last year but every time I dropped by it was never open... but until now! Spring time is Gelato time!

The store itself is really small but cozy. I tried a few gelato and it was smooth......

But I was feeling for a cappuccino but unfortunately they don't have the right glassware: cappuccino mug and can only served in a paper cup.. so I opt of a double espresso instead ($1.50).

Eyeing the drink menu, I already know what I am going to order next time: Affogato with Nocciola gelato! That sounded yummy enough for me to come back for a repeat visit!"
"I Almost thought this is One of Karl's April Fool Speciality... A place that sells almost expire, almost to hard to believe discounted food store..

Almost Perfect which I think is perfect for anyone that is on a budget, don't like to pay full price and always wants a discount. I am definitely a ""Almost Perfect' fan!

A whole bag of Chicken Nuggets for $1.99?!
Seattle Best Coffee for $3.99  (expiry date in 2 months)
1 kg Patty for $3.97
Jelly Beans $2.99 various flavours for $2.99 (these won't expire till 2013)
Mini Butter Tart of 32 for $5.97

Freezer and Freezer of frozen food, dessert and everything you can think of....

Almost Perfect is definitely a place to shop if you are on a tight budget or just want to save!"
"Turkish Pizza?

Lahmacun is really ""meat with dough"", is a traditional eastern item of prepared food of Turkish origin consisting of a round, thin soft piece of dough topped with spicy sauce and minced meat (most commonly beef and lamb) and straight leaved parsley. *

Pizza Pide is located right across from Gerrard Square. Not my usual area but I am more than willing to travel for food.... 

- Karisik ($9.99) different toppings on every slice on a thick crust dough

- Lahmacun ($6.99) ground beef blended with tomato, onion and spice on a thin crust

I was a little bit disappointed on the spiciness level. But overall, the food was fresh and made to order... If you need a carb fix, definitely order the Karisik as it was more bread like.

The fresh onion, parsley, pickled chili and a squeeze of lemon juice did make the ""pizza"" less heavy as I washed them down with a salted yogurt drink.

I was eyeing this #21, Ground Beef with 2 Sunny Side Up Eggs?? This strangely reminded me of some Chinese food... 

Chinese Pizza??

* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lahmacun"
"I found the macarons here are A-OK! Especially they are sizable and cost only $1.80.

Green Tea/Lavender/Salted Carmel/Pistachio all has this crusty outershell and great filling. Not overly sweet.

Good option if Ruelo is closed next door, at least Louis XIV has opening hour posted!

The choice of pastry was lacking though..maybe it was a Monday night? Most of the pastries are $4.25 each, maybe I would try some next time!

Special thanks to my friend for giving me the gift certificate.

I still could not get over why Louis XIV uses this ugly brown bag to put their macarons in?"
"Dropped by Pho Tien Thanh on a late Sunday afternoon. The place was half empty so I have great, friendly and attentive services.

I settled for a Medium rare beef with tripes Pho ($6.50) and an iced coffee($3.00).

Here compare to Golden Turtle the medium is a medium.. I don't need to order a large :)

The pho broth was ok, a little heavy on the MSG... I was so that evening already. The noodle was the dried type and though the beef was nice and tender but definitely no enough!

I really enjoyed the free iced cold Jasmine tea they serve!! I never have it in the other Pho places I have been! So nice and refreshing and it was iced cold!

The interior of the restaurant though dated, is roomy and you have tons of personal spaces!

2 star for the Pho
3 star for the iced Jasmine tea
3 star for the service"
"I feel like I am in a LOVE fest when I hanging and enjoying my Americano at Birds and Beans Cafe. 

Here all the coffees are organic, shade grown, fairly traded. Their house coffee is certified Organic-Bird Friendly. The Harmony Organic Milk uses to make the latte is coming from ""cows treated with love and respect""...... 

Even the eggs they used in their baked goods are from ""happy chicken"" from Chicken Out! (http://www.chickenout.ca/index.html). The tuna in the tuna salad is certified are certified to be caught with minimal ""by catch""... 

Nice patio at the back looking out to Lake Ontario.. if you prefer then stay inside for a more cozy home like atmosphere, with information about how coffee plantations in areas of the world has effect on different species of birds!

Having a coffee here at Birds And Beans Cafe supposed to be an earth loving, bird, cow, chicken loving and ethic experience... and with free WIFI but how come my Yelp friend didn't feel the love?? Oh he got stuck sitting right beside the washroom..."
"John's Chinese BBQ Restaurant is one of those restaurants that you will feel so out of place if you come as a couple or don't even think about it alone! 

Why so?? There are no small tables... the smallest one is the one that you can sit 4 people comfortably.... I guess when it is busy, singles are expect to share tables with others?

Lunch specials does have a separate menu that is under $10 that includes 1 entrees that you can choose for, a soup and a rice.. not too bad.

Sui Kow Noodles (Shrimp Dumplings with Noodle Soup) $5.00
- The dumplings according to the waiter was freshly prepared... better be since I wait and wait and wait for 15 minutes for my order to come and I am the only person in the restaurant
- shrimp dumplings really small... has 2 small shrimps inside and some pork... not bad.. but disappointing small
- Store bought noodle is A-OK.. not overcooked so not soggy.. and have a chew on it
- Suggestion: need to have some chives or green onion as garnish... look at my boring yellowish photos... everything are yellowish...even the soup itself... little garnish not only improve presentation but also the taste!

Advice:
- don't come to dine in if you are alone.. take out a BBQ lunch box will be your best bet...
- don't come even for lunch if there is an important Chinese holiday like First Day of Winter... the staffs will be so busy taking phones reservations and prep for the busy dinning hours then taking care of you.. and you will find you eating in the middle of a war zone (staffs yelling at each other, tables moves around... ) and you will not have a nice and peaceful lunch even if the place is empty!

Cash Only!"
"The Alley's 2nd location is so much better than the one at Commerce Gate!

Love the front patio area overlooking Main Street Unionville! People watching and enjoying your drink is a lot of fun. Interior also well set up with more seating than their original location.

I always order the Sweet Dew Oolong Tea with a touch of sugar. Just love the aroma and the clean taste of this tea. 

The staff was friendly and you are welcome to have a free tasting which is usually their unique Royal #9 Milk Tea. 

I would love to have a few more tables set up in the patio area on nicer day so I could really enjoy the Toronto short patio season!"
"Epices de Cru is wonderful spice store.

Of course I am so happy to browse and sniff all their offerings. If you love to cook, you won't be disappointed with the varieties they offers! So many spices and herbs to choose from and just checking them out gave me a lot of inspirations!

Epices de Cru is also a tea shop.

A whole wall full of loose tea leaves in tins. You can buy them in small package which the staff will pack them for you. The lady that served us was really knowledgeable and helpful and is a real tea sommelier. Their selection is from all over the World and they have interesting offerings from smaller tea plantations. You can also buy a hot tea to go brewed from one of the tea leaves!

This was a highlight during my recent visit of Marche Jean-Talon. So if you love tea, spices and herbs, make sure you drop by Epices de Cru!"
"Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu opens up in North York Korean Town is great! I no longer need to venture down to Downtown when I need to have my Soon Tofu fix.

The thing I like about Buk Chang is the consistency... You will guarantee to have a great experience no matter when you visit. 

- service is fast and no nonsense! bang bang bang you will get your food on the table in less than 10 minutes
- Pipping hot, bubbling tofu soup in a hot pot!! And you can pick your spiciness.. Extra Spicy for me please!
- Rice!! love the rice here!! As not all Soon Tofu restaurant served the purple rice...
- price is great!! You can be stuffed and feel totally satisfied for $10 includes tips
- they accepts Visa and Mastercard

After having a spicy pipping hot Soon Tofu Soup, I am ready for anything!! Even the freezing cold, snowy, windy winter!!"
"2.5 Star

If you just want to have a quick meal and want to stuff yourself with noodles for a reasonable price, Gold Bowl Asian Noodle Soup is definitely a good choice.

Menu here is really simple: Vietnamese Pho, Vermicelli or Ramen from 6.99 and up. There are also snacks and drinks if you want something light.

Special House Pho Medium ($6.99) is quite sizable with a lot of noodle but not enough meat?! Broth though heavily in MSG, I feeling the thirsty now after 30 minute after eating that noodle.

Happy Hour 20% off all snacks.

Free Wifi

Parking might be hard as the lot is always busy!

But if you are sensitive to MSG, I suggest you to pass on this place. But seems like a lot of young people like to indulge on carbs and MSG as this place was quite busy for lunch."
"Poutine is not something I eat regularly.... ! 

Deep fried potatoes (high cholesterol) Salty gravy (bad for blood pressure) and cheese (oh so fattening) 

But on this chilly winter afternoon.. I need the fuel, I need something fattening, I need something comforting... Then I saw Smoke's Poutinerie! 

Original Small is LARGE for a single person. For sure is fulfilling and I just could not finish it.. NO WAY! They should have a Mini size or something... 

The pouting itself is OK.. too much gravy.. and gravy not hot enough to melt the cheese curds.. or maybe the weather was just too damn cold for anything to melt? 

The server/cashier guy is just so awesomely nice and polite.. even with 8 people waiting in line for their orders, he still keep everything in control!

The weekend hours are great!! I can imagine myself craving for some food..anything hot food after a night of drinking and partying on Queen Street... :)

I still searching for that special Poutine that will makes me a convert!"
"What is the best place  to have a bathroom break, relax a little and even have a free beverage and open 24/7??

OLG Slots at Ajax Down is a really good choice. 

On a weekday afternoon, the place is half empty.. aside from the low roller section ..... packed full of people....

While sipping my free Lipton tea in a mug, I was circling around looking for the perfect 1 cent machine to try my luck. I just could not decide as usual.. 

Lady luck was on my side? or my Lucky Yelp friend on my side? I won $20 after 2 pulls so off I cashed out and used the winning money for food and yelp some more!

Now aside from visiting libraries, yoga studios and food related venues.. I can start yelping casinos and slots!"
"Sweet Olenka's has such unique ice cream that I have not heard of and would not have imagine that is possible.... 

Brandied fig and goat cheese ice cream?? I have to say it is interesting... 

But I love my Dark Chocolate Ginger with real big chunk of ginger!! Bitter, sweet and zesty at the same time...what an interesting combination. 

Friendly staff who is proud of Sweet Olenka's products, but what's not to love in an ice cream, dessert stores where every customers come in with a big smile and leave on a sugar high.

All the chocolate are so cute! I could not resist and got 2 to try... of course my usual fave Spicy Hot Chocolate was so delicious!"
"Pho King Vietnamese Cuisine has a really strange menu... aside from the usual Vietnamese Pho, Bun or whatever... it is the first Vietnamese restaurants I been to offering Mala (numbing spicy) lamb noodle soup?! And there are quite a few lamb dishes on the menu too...

But coming here as a first timer, it is hard for me not to stay with my usual choice at a Pho joint? I will leave those lamb dishes for the more adventurous type!

Special House Pho Small ($5.75)
- The broth was nicely seasoned and with a hint of herbs and anise
- Beef/Meat was plentiful, the tendon was especially tender
- Noodle was the fresh type
- Size wise the portion is more like a medium in a lot of places!! 

This used to be Pho All http://www.yelp.ca/biz/pho-all-vietnamese-cuisine-markham and now is Pho King.... 

I sometimes get really confused myself where I am ""pho""ing!"
"This LCBO is my usual location if I need anything...

I usually can get what I need, want and more here. Great selections of Sake, Soju and other Asian spirit. They have that $350+ Chinese spirit in stock!

Friday and Saturday evenings are the busiest nights, but the lines moves fast!"
"Lobsters! Geoduck! Crabs! Shrimps!

All alive in the fish tanks, as fresh as it gets!

Oysters from $10 for a dozen and other varieties includes Kumamoto for $20! They even shuck them for you if you are not an expert in doing so.

Walking around daydreaming what can be cook and what can be eat with what to pair with.. it is half the fun of food shopping.

Oysters from Star Lobster for my oyster gathering next time."
"Sweet Basil served a mixture of Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese food. 

The restaurant is nice and clean. The deco is simple but chic. The seatings is really comfortable.

However, I would not say this is authentic ethnic food. The spices are all toned down to suit the Canadian customers. We were there for lunch and we are the only oriental people there :). 

Sweet Basil does have a good lunch menu ($5.99 - $7.99)! There are a lot of different choices. Even my vegetarian friend found something she enjoyed!

In light of the spirit of Pho-bruary I still stick to my Pho lunch. I ordered the Beef Pho in spicy tomato soup with vegetarian spring roll ($5.99) and my friend ordered the Thai Mango vegetarian combo with spring rolls/vegetarian hot and sour soup ($7.99).

The spring rolls are fresh and quite tasty. Ok I ate all 3 spring rolls because my friend does not like anything deep fried. So they must be quite tasty for me to eat them all :).

The hot and sour soup does have a lot of ingredients inside. However it is not Hot (not spicy hot or pipping hot). It is pretty thick in consistency but it is luke warm. I think it is lurk warm that's why it is thick.

I did request extra extra spicy for my Pho. However the broth comes out lukewarm. That does create a problem since the beef are served rare so they cannot be cooked proper in the warm broth. The broth is not hot (spicy or pipping). There are tons of fresh tomatoes inside and chives. The noodles is the dried type but it tasted ok. However, I would not order this again when I come back for another visit.

My friend's Thai Mango stir fried has pepper, mango, mushroom, carrots, baby corn, onion, dried tofu and water chestnut. She finished the whole thing! She said it tasted really good........

I am so glad that she enjoys her meal because sometimes it is so hard to din with vegetarian friend.

They accepts Mastercard.

I would come back to try out other lunch specials but it would not be eating Pho. And I would have to tell them XXXXXX spicy!"
"Sometimes you comes for the food, Sometimes you comes for the vibe and Sometimes you comes because it is just cool?

Joe Bird probably the most happening place along the water at Queen Quay on a Sunday evening. On a nice summer evening, underneath the stars with live music. The crowds is hopping and the night is young.  

Patio is the place to be. 

Have a drink and some food? I don't think most people even remember how the food was after a few drinks. 

The ""bird"" was ok. I probably won't be back for the food...."
"Back here for breakfast. I like how the breakfast menu is served till 11:30 am. Great if you want a late breakfast/brunch.

Great value for the portion with price starting at $2.99 that includes a drink.

Service though can be slow but at least they got our order right.

Worth coming if you want a value/cheap breakfast."
"Golden Horse Restaurant has a really suggestive Chinese Name ""Macau Street""... but I found the items on the menu are more in line with Hong Kong style cafe with the usual Sizzling Hot Plate dinner set, Baked rice/spaghetti, Curry Rice, Congee, Noodle...Nothing really jump out as unique.. 

House Special Baked Pork Chop ($7.50) 
- My boyfriend does not like cheese..so we request this without cheese 
- Rice is fried rice based 
- Pork Chop is quite tender and really lean and boneless 
- Tomato sauce is quite light, but I rather have it with cheese, the way it suppose to be!! 

Yam Noodles with Beef Brisket ($7.50) 
- The soup based is really rich... really meaty and flavoured... 
- a touch of sourness and spiciness.. but not overwhelming... 
- Beef brisket is really tender... melt in your mouth softness... 
- the yam noodles are really light.. with a transparency and a little chewy... interesting.. 

Hong Kong Style Milk Tea ($1.75) 
- A-OK! Quite milky which gave it a silky touch! 

Pork Chop on Bun Macau Style ($4.50)
- Sizable... and filling!!
- Pork Chop is breaded and deep fried... a little on the dry side since it was cut really thin
- I do love the bun, it is like crispy toasted on the outside and soft inside.. 

The menu selections of Golden Horse Restaurant is really extensive.. You will definitely find something that you will like to eat. They also has Lunch Specials/Afternoon Tea Specials which includes a free drink."
"Santo's Italian Cuisine has been around for years..........years.... years........

So I guess the waiter got old, the patrons got old... and they never really renovate the place.... (yawning)

We got there around 9:15 pm on a weekday and the restaurant was empty... (yawning) aside from another table of senior couple.

Even the menu stayed the same for years.... and all the traditional Italian Comfort food can be found

Insalata alla Cesare ($7.95)
Linguine Frutti di Mare ($16.95) 
Spaghettini al Ragu ($13.95)

All A-OK! The portion is hearty and good for the price. At least my boyfriend who only order Seafood Linguine with Tomato Sauce in every single Italian Restaurant didn't complain! (yawning, honey is not you... I just had a rough day!)

Zzzzzz Zzzzzz Zzzzzzz Zzzzzzz

They also has some prix menu specials from $25.00 available Sunday-Friday. 

No Lunch Specials as they are only open dinner time!"
"3.5 Star

The friendly and attentive service here worth that extra 0.5 star.

I really enjoyed Glas Wine Bar's Veggielicious 2013 Menu - $38 4 course

- Parsnip and apple soup with grape must reduction and torn toasted croutons
- Variation of local beet salad with potatoes, marinated red onion, vegan aioli and broccoli sprouts
- Celery root pappardelle with Italian black truffle and arugula emulsion
- White wine poached pear in cocoa sauce with cinnamon scented croutons

We also order for the meat lover:
Pan seared Ontario Flatiron steak with variation of red pepper, sauteed yukon gold potatoes scented with rosemary ($21)

And washed those down with:
Featherstone Black Sheep Riesling, Niagara Peninsula (2012) -$6
Muscedere Cabernet Franc, Lake Erie North Shore (2010) - $6.50

The vegetarian dish were all well prepared, nicely plated and interesting. However the steak was really meh with not much flavour. The ingredients used here is freshly and locally sourced including their wine selection!

The set up of Glas Wine Bar is really cozy. Dining here is just like having dinner at a friend's house. Menu changes weekly so great for repeat visit!"
"The exterior of Lillian H. Smith Library is quite impressive! And those 2 dragon statues guarding the front door.. and more security guard inside to make sure we behave.

The collections here are impressive.. especially for Chinese language books... have a lot recent best sellers and 7 days loan newer material.

Lillian H Smith is different from other Toronto Public Library branches because it has special Children's collections that other branches doesn't have...

With free Wifi everyone are happy... especially me!"
"O.M.G? Oh My God Restaurant & Lounge? 
O.M.G? Oh Motherfxxking Good? 

Not really... but not bad. 

Chinese owned steakhouse and seafood Restaurant. You can call it Asian Fusion as this is more tailored to the Chinese patrons. 

OMG is surprising small... have room for 30 people or so at one time. For should a small restaurant, there are 6 plasma TVs showing Hong Kong pop singer MTV. The menu has steak, oyster, salmon, lobster and pasta based dishes. There is a Malaysian curry special: 

Malaysian Curry Pork Rib served in a Hot Pot ($12.99) 
- good mix of vegetarians: broccoli, eggplants, red pepper and potato 
- Pork Rib is really tender, though there are not a lot of pieces 
- curry is a really coconut based.. with a kick (turmeric, shallots, ginger, shrimp paste, chili, and garlic)... similar to the version at Phoenix Restaurant but more watery 

and 

Pasta with Tiger Shrimp in Creamy Truffle Sauce ($16.99) 
- OMG this only have 3 shrimps.. :), I can hardly taste the truffle ..but for that price, I don't think i should expect too much? 
- the sauce is quite creamy and made this a fulfilling dish 

All the entrees can be upgraded to includes soup and HK style milk tea/coffee for $3. 

The staffs were wonderful... we were asked a couple of time how I like my curry, was it too spicy? (me? spicy?)..which is not common in most of the Chinese Restaurant I been to! 

So I can conclude that OMG is a Hong Kong Style Western restaurant. I am eyeing their lunch specials from $6.99 that includes soup and tea/coffee! That sounded like my kind of lunch place! LUNCH SPECIALS!!!! 

10% off grand opening specials if you pay cash!"
"Silver Bay Cafe's chef has the credential and 30 years of working experience in one of Macau's famous hotel: Mandarin Oriental. 

But how was the food?

Macau Style Pork Chop Bun ($5.99 with drink) was delightful with a house made ""piggy"" bun. The pork chop was nice and tender, just the traditional way with no toppings. But it was served alone on this big dinner plate. It was just rolling around on the huge plate when the waitress served that to me. 

Deep Fried Chicken Wings and Salad ($6.50 with drink) was perfectly crispy with just the right seasoning! 

There are also other classic Macau dish and snacks on the menu. This might worth to come back for another trip.

Service though was extremely slow. Everyone was seated at one section but the waitress all gather around at the empty section chatting away. It took forever to get the bill or anything.

The tables are really close together and I can practically hear every conservation happening in the section. It just get a little awkward."
"Sometimes bigger doesn't means better.

Stouffville Ribfest though has only 4 ribbers but it is just the perfect small town country event vibe.

Local business set up booths selling everything from roti, fresh farm produce and more.

But with Stouffville Brewing Co, Barn Door and Mill St Brewery on site, making this a 4 star event. Just like a mini beerfest!
 
We were here on a Friday for lunch to use the $3 off coupon and there was no lines at all. 

Chowing down ribs, drinking craft beers and listening to Country Music... 

What a great way to spend a nice Summer afternoon!"
"Short & Sweet Cupcakes is a cute bakery store... If you like white and glossy, you would have fit right in... white walls.... and of course some cute white creamy cupcakes too!

This is the second location  of http://www.yelp.ca/biz/short-and-sweet-cupcakes-toronto Short & Sweet.

The offerings are identical to the other Toronto's location. Check their website what is baking everyday!

I tried the Ooh La La (Red Velvet) and BBM (Banana Butterscotch Cake) at $2.95 each. Icing is just way too sweet for my taste but the cake is quite moist. Great if you have a sweet teeth.

Staff is as sweet as the cupcakes."
"Warning: Thai Extra Spicy is really spicy here.

If you still wants to have friends that would eat spicy food with you, please proceed with caution. 

Thai Papaya Salad ($10) probably one of the most spicy items I ever ate in a restaurant. After a bite or 2, my dinner mate gave up and I have to amend the spice level for my other dish.

Golden Bags ($10.99) was surprisingly tasty for a vegetarian dish! 

BBQ Pork + Sticky Rice ($14)

Pad Kee Mao ($15)

Gaeng Massaman ($15)

We shared all the items and they were all a hit! I love the complexity of flavour and the use of fresh ingredients!

Service here is top notch! Our waiter gave us truly Thai hospitality just like eating at the Chef's home! 

Reservation highly recommended even on a weeknight as the restaurant was full when we were there on a Tuesday evening!"
"Original Congee is located inside the food court of T&T Supermarket Milliken.

This was used to be own and run by Sam's Congee Delight (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/sams-congee-delight-markham) and even beared the same name.

So you will find similar menu items and with some additions like Wonton Noodle Soup.

Service is quick and friendly! And it is great to pick up some good decent congee and steam noodle rolls when you are in a rush for time.

They only accepts Cash!"
"This review of Terry's Restaurant & Bar is based on Early Bird Breakfast $5.99 before 11 am. 

The special has a really generous time frame, I would not consider myself ""Early"" if I am having breakfast at 10:30 am.

The portion was generous. Food was cook when ordered. I really hate eating cold home fries or sausage that have been sitting under the heater for the longest time. 

The only complaint maybe that I did not get my coffee refilled even once....

The other item on the menu all looks quite good. If they all prepared with the attention as they do with my Breakfast Specials, I think this could be a winner!"
"Fresh from the farm or fresh from the butcher? You will find it in at Cote de Boeuf.

Foie Gras pate ($12) has my name on it. Or duck confit and even a whole duck.

Lunch offers with home made soup and sandwich. Cheese please.

Pork lard in a bottle..what should I do with that? Possibilty is unlimited.."
"Bagahon is located inside the food court of Pacific Mall Heritage Town. 

Aside from offering Singapore meat jerky snack, Bagahon also offers ""All Day Breakfast"" which really means toast with different spreads: Honey, Condensed Milk, Butter, Kaya. In the breakfast category also includes Congee and Instant Noodle... 

The sign saying Authentic Singapore Dishes really caught my eyes. Hainan Chicken, Curry Chicken, Fried Vermicelli and Bat Kut Teh which all reasonable priced... 

Hainan Chicken Leg Combo ($6.49) comes with soup and chicken broth rice was A-OK. I still don't understand why the leg would cost more than the breast, but I would have order the leg regardless since it is more tender than the breast. 

The rice was well flavoured with the chicken stock and oil... and it was quite filling too. The dark soy sauce is caramelized and is thick and sweet. I love the chilli/garlic sauce which is thick and spicy too! 

To rounded off my Singapore experience, I finished off with a Milk Tea ($1.99) ... which already sweetened and was smooth and silky."
"A visit to the outdoor site of Montreal En Lumiere can be a little awkward. 

Without the lights... without the crowds...something is missing.

Some activities still opens like the Milk Urban Slide, RBC Dome, Ferris Wheel.

There are also some food stalls open and my Arumula with coffee did help to lift my spirit... 

I need to come back during night time...... next time!"
"I would rather not ever need to visit Phone M.D Repair or require any of the service. 

Turnover time for my S8 was less than 24 hours with my warranty service. The staff said they even can do a same day service if I dropped off my phone early in the morning!! 

Authorized Service Agent of LG and Samsung. Make sure you bring your purchase receipt for warranty services."
"The Coffee Lab is hidden underneath all the construction last time when I dropped by.

Walking into the small space and I was in love. I already sensed the dedication and passion of the Barista/Owner towards the perfect cup of coffee.

Come here for the coffee and only for their coffee. No this is not a place for you to park yourself for hours studying or on your laptop.

Sparkling water in a beaker? The ultimate coffee geek who pay so much in every small details.



PS I am just so sad to now it is closed!"
"3.5 Star

Wonton Chai newest location is located in the same Mall complex as T&T Unionville.

If you have been to the other locations, you know the menu is really simple: wonton, beef, beef brisket, fish balls with soup noodles or lo mein (egg noodle with oyster sauce). 

What makes this location stands out because it is a full service restaurant. You don't need to pour your own tea and waitress will give you your bill and change instead of you paying upfront.

We have a soup noodle and lo mein and the quailty is as good as their location in Scarborough. I love their shrimp dumplings  水餃 here!

Cash Only! 

Park underground is the way to go and you can even do some grocery shopping too!"
"2.5 Star

Yamamoto Japanese Cuisine is definitely under staff in the kitchen. Even with the restaurant not even 1/5 full to it's capacity. The sushi chefs were so overwhelmed and food took forever to arrive. 

We ordered the following to share

App:
Chilled Tofu - Bad
Curry Fish Ball - Bad
Curry Cuttle Fish (Thai Style) - Bad
Shrimp Tempura - A OK

Sushi & Maki: 
Salmon Sushi - OK
Spicy Salmon Sushi -OK
Tobiko Sushi - A OK
Chopped Ika - A OK
Unagi Hand Roll - A OK
Spicy Salmon Hand Roll
Spicy Tuna Maki - Nasty! The sauce tasted funny and roll itself have strange texture
Unagi Maki

Cooked Food:
Thai Beef Brisket with Rice - Sad looking mess
Chicken Teriyaki - Dry like a cardboard
Unagi Rice - 2 paper thin eel, a little sad
Grilled Sarma Fish - Excellent
Grilled Salmon Head - Excellent
Grilled Saba - Excellent
Grilled Chicken Skewer - Funny tasting sauce 
Agedashi Tofu - Excellent freshly deep fried 
Teppanyaki Sirloin Steak - Really tender A- OK
Pan Fried Undon - So gluey and the sauce has this overwhelming sweetness to it
Spicy Beef Ramen - OK
Seafood Udon - OK

Dessert:
Green Tea Ice Cream - standard, but they didn't clean the ice cream scoop after they scoop up strawberry ice cream

Lunch Special $13.99 + 10% Service Charge is not bad for AYCE. But just make sure you have 2 hours for lunch and submit your order sheet in ASAP. Some of the cook food are a miss.. but the grilled fish items are wonderful if you are a fish person.

I can't imagine if the restaurant is at its full capacity because there is no way the kitchen will able to handle all these hungry people. 

Will I be back? Maybe..."
"As promised, I am back again to try out their dumplings.

I have to say the dumplings are really good! One of the best I have for a long long time... They are lined up on my plate like chubby little solders. They tasted so juicy and meaty...definitely NOT the frozen type I have in some of the restaurant!

We were there on a busy Sunday evening. We were still served promptly and our noodles arrived quickly!

My sister mistakenly ordered The King of King Ramen... It was so big.. she could not finished it! I ended up helping to eat  hers and my own Netsu Ramen and 4 of the 6 dumplings! Of course I was STUFFED!"
"I have never been to this Congee Queen's location till now.

Menu is identical to the other Congee Queen's location up in Markham which I frequent.

The deco though is a little outdated and in need for some renovation.

We ordered a Congee and a Noodle to share which were both really good and the portion was generous.

Good price and opens till 12:00 am. A great place for a late night snack!"
"This seems like one of those mystery Tim Hortons Location! It used to be KFC years ago and have been vacated until Tim Hortons suddenly opens up a few months ago.

There is no listing anywhere?! On Yelp or even in Tim Horton's own website or app.

It is though quite conveniently located right at the corner of Midland and Sheppard and near a high school, so can be quite busy in the afternoon.

Everything is quite standard as other Tim Hortons. But how come NO WIFI! 

That is just utter disappointing when I took out my netbook and want to yelp a little!"
"What's not to love about Knead Bakery if you are into bread, sweet and pastry?!

Everything here are baked in house in an open kitchen. You can smell that comforting freshly out of the oven aroma right even before you walked inside the door!

The deco here is rustic and country. Same with their products! Local, Seasonal and Fresh!

I could not resist but picked up a Almond Cookie and have a sample of their Gluten Free Pumpkin Bread!

Butter tarts looks awesome too...

I guess I need to come back to Knead again!!"
"The Library Bar feels like a place that I would go for a drink when I grown up. 

Big comfortable wing chairs. Dark Wood Interior. Classy Decoration.

Waitstaff polite and proper. Service attentive.

They do have a few draft beer available including Royal York Aivary Ale ($9.50) which is brewed by Mill Street especially for Royal York and a cream ale 1929 in bottle brewed by Double Trouble Brewing to celebrate Royal York's 85 anniversary.

I would probably try a cocktail next time or even some of their whiskies next time.

Price is on the higher end as almost $10 for a pint? but it is after all inside a nice hotel. 

+0.5 star as it is located in The PATH, great to meet up with friends that works in the downtown without even the need to going out in the cold during the harsh winter months!"
"Chou Izakaya is a good neighbourhood Izakaya if you are in the area and want to meet up with some of your friends for drinks or some snacks.

Great for late night as on Friday and Saturday they opens till 2 am! 

I met up some of my friends here before Nuit Blanche and shared some dishes. The deco is simple and quite homey. Staffs are super friendly and nice. The lighting can be a little dimmer. Quiet place and not too crowded great to just catch up with your friends.

We ended up sharing:

Dynamite Roll ($7) - A-OK, quite standard

Oba Chicken ($7) - deep fried goodness

Chicken ($2.50) and Beef ($5) Skewers - will definitely skip the yakitori here, especially the Angus beef for $5?! both lack the charcoal off the grill smokey taste

Curry Korokke ($5.60) - more deep fried mash with great curry flavour, so fresh and crispy...

Niku Maki ($6) - Angus beef definitely wasted here, overcooked and just not working for me..

Eringi Butter Maki ($6) - I love mushrooms! Buttery mushrooms definitely really yummy and smell so good too!

The Yuzu Mitsu Sawa ($6) is A-OK. I always love Asian inspired cocktails... a little weak but sourness is good to wash down all these deep fried food!

Glad to see all these Izakaya popping up all over the city. I definitely will be back to Chou for some pre dinner drinks or late night snacks."
"Promenade Shopping Centre has changed so much since when I first come shopping here. I would never imagine upscale store like Coach will open up a store here! Not that I am going to pay full price for one! :)

What more can you ask?
- Aveda for spa products or even a treatment
- T&T for grocery Shopping
- Congee Wong for lunch
- Aroma Expresso Bar for a little Java break
- Davids Tea the only one in the surburbs
- Lululemon for looking good when you burning off the food you eat!

I also enjoy the openess and the emptiness of the Promenade. There are tons of skylights and windows. The natural lighting makes walking around doing nothing so much more enjoyable!

One time I even did a fundraising yoga event in the hallway just outside Lululemon at 10 PM!"
"One day when you are tired of visiting  those $1.80 per order for S/M/L dim sum restaurant. You want a nice, quiet, classy place to have some excellent dim sum. Regal Palace is the place to go!!

The inside is really nicely decorated. All the tables are set with crisp white table cloths, chairs with clean white satin like seat covers. Tables not closely packed together, high ceilings you don't feel like you are cramped in.

I have to say the dim sums are more pricer than my usual dim sum joint. However, I have to say you always get what you pay for!

We ordered the ginseng seafood dumpling as recommended by Suzan K. Yes it is really good with real ginseng inside! The seafood are fresh and tasty and they are a lot bigger than the normal dumplings I have. The BBQ pork rice noodle wraps are really good too.

I have to say Regal Palace has one of the best deep fried seasame balls I have. (even my sister said that it is better than the ones that she had in Hong Kong) The seasame balls are freshly made to order, the fillings are of goose egg yolk and egg yolk and it is oozing out with this intense flavour! 

The services is excellent  and friendly!

We ended up paying $26 including tips for our lunch! and I have to say it is money well spent!

I can't wait to try out other dim sum desserts on their menu!

BTW, right now they have a Senior Specials.. No, you don't need to be a Seniors to get that! You just need to bring a senior along and the whole table will get 20% off and no charge for tea! This special even applies when you pay by credit cards!

They accepts all credit cards! YAY!"
"All you need to know that Rib Eye's Jack is they have BEERs! Local Craft Beers that you can order samples and try out a few interesting ones.

This is the second location where the original one located in Burlington.

And of course aside from ALE, there is MEAT.

Cowboy Rib Steak ($34.99)

Ketucky Bastard  ($32.99)

Colossal Onion Rings ($9.69)

So tender as their Craft Steaks are Canadian AAA  aged 28 days for tenderness Whiskey dipped in Wild Turkey Bourbon, and flame grilled!

The vibe here is casual and cozy.  Service is attentive.

Definitely worth coming here for a drink. And they have Cask Night Every Thursdays and drink specials every night."
"I think I find all my dream kitchen's Appliances at Tasco!!! 

The showroom here is just spacious and carries a lot of mid and higher and highest end products. 

Sub Zero Built in Fridge? I might need to wait for a BIG sale.. but there are good quality Bosch, Jenn-Air  and even LG, Samsung and Kitchen Aid. 

I am looking for a counter top depth fridge for a more build in look and they have 2 aisles of those on display. 

Tips: They often has sale and rebate going on. I think I have to keep an eye open and check on their website often for sale!

The staff we dealt with is courteous and happy to answer all my questions. 

Tasco definitely worth checking out if you are looking for more higher end appliances."
"Tealicious Tea House Grand Opening Today!

Yes, it may be just another Bubble Tea place, but I have to say the drinks are much better prepared and taste so much better than Tea Shop 168 and Destiny.

Buy one get one free special today, so I ended up trying:

Sesame Flavoured Hot Milk Green Tea ($3.99) which is rich/smooth and full of sesame...drink even like a milkshake but definitely not sickening sweet!

And for my free drink, how can I say no to free? Mandarin Orange Lemon Iced Black Tea ($3.99, free today) is also nice and refreshing for today hot weather!

Great set up, free wifi and friendly staffs! A little hectic today because of the Opening Day's Specials. 

Definitely will be back and chill out a little and try out other things in the menu!!

20% off for Takeout!"
"The first impression of Fare Bistro right when I walked in: darkness......

I guess it is good if you want to come here for a date? A romantic date with a candlelight that made you looks good, or can they even see you?

And for me that is not on a date... I can barely see my food as they just all looked brownish?? greyish??

Fare Bistro is a French Bistro in Leslieville. Definitely recommend coming here for their Prix Fixe Menu for $32 Tue/Wed/Thu. Unfortunately, we were here on Saturday and we ended up sharing an appetizer and a dessert. The menu though really simple and short so making decision had been easy.

House Pate ($8) - smooth and peppery, spread like peanut butter

Duck Confit ($26) - tender and juicy, with the nice crispy skin

Blackberry Gateau ($8) - made in house, light and refreshing good

I would definitely be back to Fare Bistro especially for their Prix Fixe.

Service can be slow at times, but if you going on a date, don't you wish the night will last forever?!"
"Finally a real Distillery in the Distillery District! 

I stopped by Spirit of York Distillery every time when I am in the area. Love the beautiful converted space. Classy and mystery! Love the tasting area with all the greenhouse plants which is part of the ingredients that used in the process.

Flight is the way to go if this is the first time you are here. I don't usually drink my vodka or gin straight but having the flight really give you the taste of the floral and herbal elements in their spirits.

The price is a little steep for their products but I do love their concept and packaging.

Worth checking out if you are in the Distillery District even if you are a non drinker."
"A really enjoyable and authentic Korean Fried Chicken experience at Mymy Chicken. 

All you really need to order is Fried Chicken and I was not disappointed!

4 of us shared:

Fire Hot Chicken ($28)
Half and Half ($28) : Original and Gold Cheese

Warning the Fire Hot is HOT and SPICY! And I just love how light the batter is and the meat just so moist! My lips though were burning! Deep fried rice cakes that came with the order tasted so good with the hot sauce! 

Probably one of favourite KFC joints in town. They ordered their custom fryers and ingredients from Korean. This is probably as close to eating fried chicken in Korea without flying there.

Too bad there are no smaller order for single diner, if not I would be there more often to indulge myself. But for the time being, I guess I have to invite my friends to share."
"Just want to update on Patty L review on Wonton Time.. the veggie with oyster sauce is no long at $1.50, made that $3. I would have give Wonton Time at least 4 stars if not for the veggie I ordered.

The wonton and fish ball rice noodle I ordered tasted pretty good. 3.5 stars... The shrimp in the wonton is freah and have a great bite too it. 

However the veggie I ordered it was full of sand!! crunch crunch crunch! I just could not make myself to eat that and that little plate for $3 and has sand all over it? BTW, if you want to have veggie go for lettuce since at least there won't be sand in between the stems.

They were really nice when I told them about what's wrong with my veggie.. and they apologized and took that off my bill.

** My boyfriend after hearing my story went there and order the same veggie again and have the same problem the next day!! (gee now I know he never listens when I am talking!!)

So please stay away from that and it will make it an excellent wonton noodle experience!

They accepts Cash only!"
"Est West's Naengmyeon (Korean Cold Noodles) at $6.49 during lunch is a great deal!

Banchens are as good as last time.. and now I even have fresh sliced mango.. great for dessert!!

The noodle wise is cook well, chewy..not mushy and great texture... 

Sweet ending is a Cantaloupe and Pineapple sorbet served in a sake cup... for a second I thought it has a dash of sake! :)"
"I have never been to Oyster Boy. 

But I have been eating dozen and dozen of oysters that were supplied by Oyster Boy in various locations: bars and events around the City.

The most recent encounter was an Yelp Elite Event where they were so kind of bring in a whole cooler of oysters and shucked those fresh for us.

I wish I can shuck like the shucker at Oyster Boy. He shucked the whole cooler of oysters with grace, checked and make sure every single one were fresh, while we all crowded around like hungry wolves looking at our prey.

The oysters were so good, fresh and has a buttery mouth feel.... 

Now I really want to go to Oyster Boy and have more of those amazing oysters!!"
"Bapbo Korean Restaurant is not my first choice when dining in the area. But when it was close to 10 pm on a weeknights, there were not too many choices in the immediate area that still opens aside from Joey? Don Don? 

Typical Korean offerings but their Pork Bone Soup seems to be good as it has quite a few meaty bones and my dinner mate was enjoying that.

Soon Tofu extra spicy was spiced by chili oil? That oily red layer on top made the soup a little heavy. I do like the beef which is different from the seafood or pork that usually offers in other restaurants.

Everything seems to be solid. The staff was nice and efficient. 

Decent choice if you have craving for some Korean food in the area."
"I have been to Al Dente Italian Restaurant for dinner more than a few times over the years. Al Dente is a good solid neighbourhood restaurant serving Authentic Italian food. 

Decided to come for dinner on a weekday evening, the place practically empty aside for 2 other tables. Though there was only 1 waitress, the services was really attentive. 

Caesar Salad ($7.25) 
- just the right amount of dressing to coat the Romaine lettuce 
- Homemade dressing has a great tangy garlic taste 

Linguine Marinara ($22.95) 2.5 star 
- Fresh linguine cooked Al Dente with a good bite and chew 
- Mussels, Shrimps and Squid were quite tasty and plentiful 
- I found the tomato white wine sauce a little salty for my taste but my boyfriend enjoyed that 

Veal Osso buco ($24.95) 3.5 star 
- Veal Shank was cooked perfectly, tender and soft ... more like a brisket 
- the meat and wine sauce was rich with great flavours finished off with a dash of olive oil, a little on the saucy side but was delightful 
- Risotto was cooked well with this creamy gooey texture, a comforting homey feel! 

At the end of the meal, the Chef came out of the kitchen and asked how I enjoyed my Veal Ossobuco and I gave him the thumb up!

Please note there are always 50% off 2nd entrees, Groupon Deals and Entertainment Book deals for Al Dente..so keep your eyes if you want to come for dinner! Tonight I used one of the Group Buy coupons!"
"Teriyaki Banh Mi Sub Crossover might be the most popular item at Yoki Teriyaki Japan. I do like how the bun was toasted so it was nice and warm. And for $3.29? Don't expect much substance as there was hardly any protein in my chicken one (don't look at the photos on the menu for sandwich with all the meat overflowing from the bun, then you won't be too disappointed). Swiss cheese reminds me of cheese dip with nachos. 

I would try the beef next time. Maybe that will be more like a ""Philly Cheese Steak"" Sandwich. And I would ask for less sauce (mayo or whatever they put on it)

The owner was nice and friendly and the food all made when order. Not a bad option for a cheap snack!"
"Hong Kong Style Cafe is a Hong Kong Style Cafe. What a original way to name your business... or they just could not think of a better name? Since it is a boy, let's call it a boy!

This is a new restaurant that replaced Ah Yuen Steakhouse http://www.yelp.ca/search?find_desc=ah+yuen&ns=1&find_loc=Markham%2C+ON+L3R . 
It was not my bad reviews that closed down Ah Yuen, but it is just business cycle of Chinese business that kept reinventing themselves with the same cast and just giving themselves a new name.

What made a Hong Kong Style Cafe a good HK Style Cafe?? 
- Value
- Varieties
- Cheap
- Decent food
- Breakfast/Lunch/Afternoon/Dinner Specials
- Fast Services

Hong Kong Style Cafe has all the above! 

Pork Hock Soup Guilin Style ($5.99) includes  soup and  drink, after I ate that, my plan of going to yoga class just fell apart. Just too much food... I don't know if I can even fit into my yoga outfit! I do have better Pork Feet, since they were not too tender.. and the broth lack flavour...

Baked Pork Chop with Rice ($6.99) includes soup and drink was A-OK. The pork was lean and tender and the tomato sauce was quite flavoured.

There are 10 different all day specials for $5.99/$6.99 for you to choose from, if not you can also order from the regular menu which is extensive.

Hong Kong Style Cafe is a good place for a cheap date. Clean interior, nicely decorated, cheap food....... but I am not your cheap date though! :)"
"Caldense Bakery's pastel de nata may not be as original as the one at Antiga Confeitaria de Belém in Lisbon, but close enough...Just wish they are fresh from the oven fresh! Smooth sweet custard and flaky shell...

There are also other baked goods and dessert... and if you want a light meal, soup, salad and deli sandwiches also available.

For coffee and tea, there is a price difference between having it to go or if you prefer table services. 

sip my coffee, eat my custard tart.. Caldense Bakery is a good place to chill after shopping in the plaza!"
"I like the simplicity of the menu. 

Do you want a Cheeseburger or a Double Cheeseburger? But if you have perfected the art of smashed burger, there is no need to have anything else?

This is the 2nd location of Rudy and I had been to their first original location. Same good burger but don't expect to seat in and enjoy your food as there is only 2 seats. The staff do expect you have yours to go anyway.

Juicy and love the crust on the patty! Nicely toasted buns and I would not change anything. 

Greasy and simple guilty pleasure especially when I keep telling myself I need to be eating more healthy!"
"Market & Co is a nice addition to Upper Canada Mall! 

Love the vibe and having all these food vendors under one roof! You can get hot food, desserts, drinks, uncooked food and even a full seat down meal! 

Price might be on the pricier side but nice for the experience. I just wish there is more varieties as 2 out of the 3 full service restaurants are Italian.

Worth dropping by and checking it out when you are in Newmarket!"
"Overnight... Kenny's Delight becomes United Brothers Cafe...

Everything stayed the same.... aside from the signs, the menu and the wait staffs.

I would not have know I am in a different restaurant anyway... the menu is really similar with the usual stables.. but the selections is not as diverse. Maybe it is good thing...

10% off Grand Opening Special really brought in the crowds... The staffs seems to be overwhelmed and it took a good 20 minutes for the time I sat down till I have my food delivered to my table... Not good if you are in a rush...

Lunch menu has no soup noodles so I ended up ordering:

Four Treasure (Wonton, Dumplings, Fish Balls, Beef Balls) Noodles - $ 5.25
- Standard tasting but does have 2 wontons and dumplings each....
- No drinks comes with it.... 

Afternoon Tea starts from 2:30 pm to 6 pm... by the time my food arrived it is 2.27 pm already... maybe I should just wait and take advantage of that...at least I would have get a drink with my food!

I miss Kenny's Delight!"
"I just like this SAQ outlet because it is just so neat..

As this is the first ever SAQ I ever visit, I am not sure what to expect. Then I saw this doorway... my friend asked me to go in through this sliding door.. and I am impressed with all these wine selections... some of them are way out of my price range but at least I know where to get them now if I do need a bottle or 2.

The space is a little tight as I wear my winter jacket and try not to bum into anything..."
"Ichiban Living is located inside Market Village right next to Sam's Congee Delight.

At $2 for every item maybe a more than typical Dollar Stores but I am more than happy to pay for more unique merchandise.

Though not everything is MADE IN JAPAN but even their China made products are of better quality than other dollar store.

Trying to pack as much as possible in a small space is quite challenging resulted in narrow aisle and just an overwhelming shopping experience. 

Avoid coming on Sunday afternoon as there is barely ant space to move around. But still a fun place to browse around. Personally I prefer Pacific Mall's location which is a lot more spacious."
"It is such a delightful experience visiting Applewood Farm Winery! 

If you are into more fruity wine, this is the place to come and give their fruit wines a try. 

Of course, I could not resist when the nice guy offering me some wines to try! 

Iced Apple Cider ($19.95) 
- just like drinking sweet concentrated apple juice... sweet sweet with a hint of spice. 

Iced Strawberry Apple ($14.95) 
- intensive strawberry flavours! I have to say it will be great to be served over cheesecake or some ice cream! yummy 

Smoke'in Apple ($14.95) 
- the hot chillies and peppercorns really give this a kick! I like spicy food, but I don't think I like drinking spicy wine... it can really hurt your throat! 

I really like the idea of Applewood Farm Winery not just a functional apple/strawberry farm where you can come and pick your own fruits. It also produces their own wine... and it is always an experience to talk to the people that actually runs that place and so proud of their products!"
"3.5 Star

Opens till 3 am everyday!! Seriously I really wondering who has that iron stomach to eat spicy, savory and meaty food as midnight snack that often?!

Maybe that $7.99 pitcher of beer has this comforting effect.. washing down and neutralize the spiciness in the stomach?

Love the lamb skewers $5.99 for 6!! So spicy with the seasoning but so tender. Bbq buns $1.99 with 4 cute looking buns on 1 skewer. Seasoned with the same spices but crispy on the outside soft on the inside... great way to eat my carbs.

The Garlic Pork Belly ($7.99) though fatty and tender but taste a little bland....

Huge menu, friendly services and reasonable pricing. I definitely will be back..."
"1.5  stars

Note to Self:

- try ordering what all other people are ordering, if everyone ordering it, it must be good
- try to hide camera when taking photos :)

Myungdong Kalkuksu has nothing on their windows to tell you when they are open, when they are close.. no menu on the windows to tell you what they have for specials.

I dropped by on a hot and humid afternoon craving for some cold noodles. As their name indicated their menu consisted of only noodles and shabu shabu.. Of course no one in their right mind, will be eating hot pot when it is over 30 C outside!

Noodles here starts from $7.99. There are no lunch specials on noodles but they do have 2 people or more specials on Shabu Shabu $10.99 each.

I ordered the Noodle in Cold Soy Bean Soup ($8.99). OK I really should have order their King Dumplings or Noodle in hot soup or something else!

Anyway, I don't think I will ever go near any Soy Bean Soup.. I am traumatized. I have to tell you that it is not a good mix.. The noodle turned really gooey.. and heavy..... I really forcing myself to eat... damn, I know it said it is healthy.. but I don't think I want to be healthy anymore.

Though the soy bean soup does taste pretty good if drinking it by itself...

According to their menu, all their kimchi and noodles are freshly made instore. 

I do want to come back and try their other noodle soup! 

All the patrons here speak Korean... and I am the only one that is NOT Korean!

BTW, I got in trouble from taking photos... Luckily it was after I finish taking the photos I want before waitress came and tell me no photos... not even the food??"
"Savour York Region 2013 at Milestones is one sweet deal.

$25 dinner menu allow me to order 
- Roasted Mushroom Soup
- 8oz Certified Angus Beef Top Sirloin
- Cookies and Cream (Warm White Chocolate Cookies with Vanilla Gelato)

Mushroom Soup has a little kick of spice which was delicious. Steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and tender. And of course I enjoyed my dessert which is always the best part!

I will be back for more...

Their Date Night menu does have similar $50 for 2 people, but what if I don't have a date............."
"Orient Express is a franchise from China which has over 400 restaurants in China and this is their first overseas franchise location.

Never heard of them online or have their photos appearing on your favourite instagrammer's feed?

I can assure you this is the real deal. Nothing here is gimmicky or pretentious: the quality of food speaks for itself.

Broth has so much flavour and the noodle has such good bite! Their Spicy Chicken in Chili Sauce ($6.99) is so light and spicy!

Will be back again and again to satisfy my noodle craving!"
"Second location of Shanghai Dim Sum in Scarborough.

This new location is way more spacious than it's older sister and offers similar menu.

Noodles with Soup and Peanut Paste ($5.99) and Royal  Dumplings ($5.99) were good but not too memorable.  The presentation of my dumplings looked sad and they were a little too big and overcooked that's why they all looked deflated!

Service was fast but maybe too fast. The waitress was picking up my tea cup trying to wipe my table while I still sipping my tea....

No lunch special and Cash only!"
"The view might not be the best looking at Gerrard Square... but the coziness and friendliness of Grinder Coffee make up for that.

I like those little round bistro like round table, perfect size for a net book and a cup of coffee...

Barista took my order at the counter and asked me just take a seat and she would bring it over.. great services even with me using my Coffee Passport.

My Cappuccino has this nice milk froth, though look quite thick but not creamy at all... in fact it is smooth and velvety.. I spooned it up like a little mousse dessert...

Free WIFI but you need to ask for the password..."
"Toronto Marriott Downtown is the ultimate Staycation Hotel in Markham.

Location is great as it is right at Downtown Markham! Walking distance to the newest entertainment complex just across the street. 

The interior is chic and trendy. I had frequented the Lobby Bar Draco which is probably the only Cocktail lounge in Markham. 

The 2 Queen room is spacious. The decor is modern. Best part is all the charging outlets around the room! So many different customization of the lighting in the room to suit your need: it did take a little while for us to figure out.

Amenities is A plus with a infinity swimming pool. A must for staycation.

I ended up taking VIVA to Toronto the next morning. There is a bus station right in front of the hotel which has direct bus to Finch Station during rush hours. Super convenient!

Parking though at $20 for overnight guests is pretty high for a hotel located outside of Toronto downtown core."
"I am surprise as how busy this Louis Vuitton's location is!

Weekday evening and every single sale persons were busy! Wandering around the store a little.. I just want to get someone to serve me.. I am buying something, not browsing... don't you hate when you never get help when you actually need that.

Finally one of the sale persons able to assist me. He is really helpful and polite but I know exactly what I want to get and in what style and colour. When I notice the bag was not in mint condition, he quickly get another one for me.

Nice doing business with you... I might be back if I need something else!"
"Savour York Region 2012 give me an opportunity to try out Trio Restaurant & Lounge in Novotel Vaughan.


I usually don't go eat inside a hotel restaurant... I don't know why... but I always think something is lacking and restaurants in hotels are usually meh... unless you are talking about boutique hotels!

Intermission (drinking wine)

The Portion here is great for a prix menu. We ordered everything aside from the veggie option (none of us feel like having whole wheat linguine) and all A-OK. All the orders are regular portion, I ended up sharing with my Yelp friends.

Intermission (sipping wine)

service is excellent! And waitstaffs want to do separate bills for us even before we request that!

$25 prix menu is excellent value! We were full and happy ......... maybe too happy!"
"I have been getting my blinds from Blinds To Go for years from various locations in the area.

The reason that Blind To Go is my ""to go"" place for my home decorating needs because I like their selections and they always try to keep up to the newest offering in the market.

Price wise of course is one of the reason. We did some price comparison with a few other window covering providers both independent, big box or even internet, Blinds To Go pricing always been the most competitive.

And of course able to view the exact products, trying out the mechanic and see the exact colour also make my shopping experience much better. The staff here is always really knowledgeable and patience with helpful recommendations.

Our blinds ready in 2 days and just waiting for the installer to put that up which our design consultant Sami set up for us!"
"This is the best Starbucks Coffee I have been!! 

Upon entering I thought it is just another Starbucks, but I was delightfully surprise. 

Plenty of tables available and none of them were closely packed together! 

The staffs were so energetic and young!! I felt welcome and I can tell they really enjoys working here. 

And I was lucky to be here for their specials!! From March 10-12 between 2 pm to 5 pm, you can pick a free treat with your drinks!! mini cupcakes, lemon squares, sweet on a stick. I ended up picking a Rocky Road treat on a stick, went so well with my coffee! 

The music though is a little loud, too loud for my taste. Ended up patrons have to talk loud enough to be heard. So if you want to come and chill or to study, you might have to bring your earphones listening to more mellow music. I just could not concentrate with all the noises when I am writing this review on the run!"
"Paul Hillier is one of the best event photographers I encountered in the numerous events I attended.

Paul doesn't only take awesome photos, but I love how he interact with his subjects.. the results are photographs that are full of energy and positive vibe...

I do wish he let me look at some of my own photos before publishing... a little photo shop might help?? 

** Why are my eyes CLOSED!!!"
"This location of Crema Coffee is one of those that I almost walked by without even it exist. 

Such a small storefront. Great to come on a nice day because sipping coffee at one of those tables on Bloor Street watching the world buzzing by is an experience in itself. 

Cappuccino? How was it? I don't remember much, all I remembered were the cars, the smoke, the annoying guitar player that would not leave me alone!

Free WIFI just log in at FRESH's open network!"
"Gummies and Candies.

Fruity and Colourful. The best part is you can give them a try before buying, which I strongly suggest as $6 a package you want to make sure you like what you are buying!

Love the limited edition and seasonal flavours as those are just perfect as gift. If you are in to cuteness, how can you resist all these animal shaped yummy grummies!

Look for promotion or buy in bulk and share with friends."
"A REAL sport bar.

I would only come here with anyone only if I want to watch a game or 2 together. If not, I would be ignore the whole night... as with NFL seasons a few games showing the same time. 

Service was super attentive. Our waitress was checking on us every 10 minute. My friend seemed to enjoy that. Maybe I should ask him if he needs anything every 10 minute from now on....

$28.75 for a dozen of Ultimate Chicken Wings. Those are mega size and super meaty. But definitely not worth that price tag.

Pork Ribs Sliders and Queos Spring Rolls both were meh.

Dessert though ended up being the best out of everything we ordered!

Beer selection though decent and of course all these tvs and the huge screen! 

I will be back for beer and game actions. But not for the food.

And I will drag my NFL obessed friend during hockey playoff season so I can watch my games and just ignore him the whole evening."
"I don't really feel good with a restaurant that specialized in Japanese and Thai, Chinese food. But Chitose Asian Cuisine might be good for a big group that just could not decide on what they want to eat.

This review is based on AYCE lunch ($15) experience. I would come back to try a la Carte during weedays when the sushi chef is not overwhelmed with all the orders. And no way I am going to order any of their Asian items.

The AYCE menu is decent but I would stay away from their cooked/Stir fried food. Since we were a big group, we ended up trying quite a selection from their menu.

Soup: I did not order any but my friend seemed to love their Miso soup since she ordered 4 rounds and almost want that as dessert

App: Seaweed Salad, Aged Tofu, Shrimp Tempura were both really good. The shrimp tempura was light and not oily at all!

Rolls: Golden, Rainbow, Green Dragon, Dynamite. All really similar with really nice presentation. But basically really similar. 

Sushi: Salmon, Fish Egg, Spicy Crab, Spicy Tuna, Spicy Crab, Spicy Salmon has good rice to fish ratio which is really good for an AYCE restaurant. Salmon was really fresh and so was the Flying Fish Eggs.

Hand Roll: Don't order that! They are basically a round roll of rice and fish wrapped in seaweed not the usual hand roll (Temaki).More like a uncut Maki and the seaweed was all soggy... 

Japanese: Beef Amayaki, I guess it is similar to Teriyaki? It taste like a Cantonese stir fried beef slice.. nothing Japanese in taste and texture about it

Asian: Red Curry was good but their Pad Thai should definitely be avoided. Asian fusion with a More Chinese influence.

Drinks and Dessert: All you can drink pop is from can not fountain which is really good for AYCE. The ice cream is good quality.

Service here was really good and attentive. The restaurant was not really busy on a Sunday afternoon but with just 2 sushi chefs working it was really hard to keep up with AYCE order. So might not be a good option if you want to have a quick lunch."
"I came to Clafouti Patisserie & Cafe for their croissants and I am happy and satisfied. 

We were there on a beautiful Autumn Sunday morning and it was such an excitment to see they brought out a whole tray of fresh croissants right when I walked in!!

If you like really buttery croissants, you will not have like what they offer here! I have to say they are light, flaky outside, doughy and bready inside.. taste more like a bread then a pastry.

""Pastry is distinguished from bread by having a higher fat content, which contributes to a flaky or crumbly texture. A good pastry is light and airy and fatty"" *

I don't think that Croissant is Fatty enough! As there are no oil residues on the paper bag nor in my hands after eating that!

Too bad they only has plain butter croissants available.. maybe I have to make another trip to try out their almond and dark chocolate ones!


*quote from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pastry"
"Takara House is  a Japanese restaurant that is newly opened at the plaza at Kennedy and Bur Oak. 

I was attracted to go into Takara House because of all those Soup Noodle Specials for $5.99 with a drink.. but I ended up having their AYCE lunch. I guess I am up selling myself, but I have glad of my decision..because the Ramen/Noodle here is Meh.... 

Lunch AYCE is $11.99.. which I was more than happy to pay but then I was given a 10% off card..and then 15% off when I pay... I could not say NO to discount! :) 

The selections here is quite good... with the usual rolls, sushi and some hot plates... I ended up ordering: 

Hand Roll: Spicy Scallops/Salmon 

Roll: Black Dragon Roll 

Sushi: Fish Roe/Spicy Salmon 

Tempura: Shrimp/Yam/Pumpkin (a little soggy and some pieces are stale) 

Ramen: Seafood (which suppose to have Kombu broth) 

Green Tea Ice cream 

The shari rice was done surprisingly good.. with good bite and soft inside.. can put in a little more rice vinegar though... 

Ramen is the weakness... the noodle itself was cooked too soft... and the stock broth doesn't have much flavour (even the owner has concern and asked me about it!!) 

Since Takara House just opened recently...I can tell the owner is really passionate and wanting the business to success... He was really  sincere and nice greeting all his customers."
"Mami's Philippine Cuisine is inside the food court of Oriental Centre at Brimley and Sheppard.

The price of food there are cheap. The BBQ pork/chicken/beef skewers are around $2.50 each and there are all big chunks of meat! I love their bitter melon with egg, pork simmered in tomato sauce, fried spring roll which are all really good!

The only think I don't like are the squids And they don't even clean out the sqids.. they are whole baby ones with all the ""trimmings"" inside.

All the food are there so you can point and get what you want without guessing what you getting into.. 

As you see in my pictures, the pig legs and really pig legs!! 

This place does get busy during lunch time!!

CASH only!"
"Phone M.D. Repair is the authorized warranty repair for Samsung and LG. Not a place I want to visit often but the closest location for warranty work in Markham.

The shop also have some accessories on sale but repair seems to be their specialty. 

Turn around was super fast. I had my mother board changed and it only took less than 24 hours!  

Make sure you keep your original receipt with the date when you bought your phone as it is the only way that warranty work can be done. If not, then you have to ask your carrier to send in your phone and it might take 10 business days!"
"Kiyomizu is another Japanese restaurant that owns by Korean in the area.

Lunch specials on Monday - Thursday starting at $6.95 for sure is a great value.. Fridays are $1 more ..which I don't mind paying! :)

Sushi Lunch A ($7.95)
- 6 pieces of nigiri sushi and 6 pieces of avocado roll and a chicken yakitori
- The fish is really thinly cut with a little ball of rice.. I don't expect much for $8 so I am not complaining
- the chicken yakitori served steaming hot! fogging up my camera.. the sauce is a little sweet, but the chicken was nice and moist

Kiyomizu seems to be really popular with the office workers in the area during lunch time, every tables were occupied by the time I left. And a lot of people ordering takeout too!

Service here is A-OK... Though I was seated at the sushi bar but far away from the 2 sushi chefs who were so busy the whole time I was there!"
"Hit or Miss?

Some days I get really good and tasty meat. Some days for roasted pork could be soaking in fat and oil with no meat.

Good place to pick up BBQ meat rice combo for lunch when you are in First Markham Place. But I would carefully look at what available hanging at the window before ordering or I would make special request before they start chopping up my meat.

Cash only"
"Pixel 8 Lounge is suppose to be a Japanese noodle joint, a lounge and tea house that serves Japanese Ramen and Taiwanese Tea. 

I went there for lunch on a snowy Friday... I kind of expected the place will be quite quiet and I can just relax and eat my noodles... hmmmmmmm 

When I opened the door and walked in, the place is practically full! Full of teens from the high schools closed by... yelling at each other at top of their voices.. The noise level was so so unbearable, I always want to turn around and leave... But being a brave yelper, I decide to stay and sit with all these underage kids and enjoy my lunch. 

I have to say the prices here is dirt cheap! $4.99 for a Ramen plus a Taiwanese style iced green/black tea!! I decide to splurge a little and order the Ramen with selections of 3 items ($6.99) and changed my soup base to EXTRA EXTRA spicy (0.99 surcharge). 

My tea arrived pretty fast, I am surprise that it is sizable! Not too sweet, with a taste of honey... Perfect combination for my spicy noodle. 

Spicy Noodles I love Spicy Noodles! Hmmmm, so perfect.. the only place I been to recently that made it spicy enough for me! The noodles are quite good, nice and chewy. However, next time I will stay away from the dumplings and other fried items... those tasted like something that they put in the microwave first have it defrosted and then cook together with the noodles. The enoki mushroom is good with the broth! 

BTW, those teens left in the middle of my meal.. but more and more came in... I would suggest stay away from lunch hour during weekdays. I can see why the high school kids like to hang around here, cheap lunch, ok food, free wifi....and walking distance from schools around the area! 

The staffs are nice and friendly. 

Cash Only! 

Alcohol serves after 4 pm."
"Junction Flea Market now expanding even beyond the Summer months... But during the harsh winter season, it had moved inside to The Great Hall on Queen St West.

$5 admission can make or break the deal, at least for me. 

Decent to wander around, Most of the stalls are selling antique and reused items. If you are looking for used loathing's, furniture, keepsakes maybe this is for you. 

I was a little disappointed because there were only a handful of vendors and I was expecting a lot more!

There were a few food vendors including Manual Labour Coffee for some pour over coffee, FeasT.O for dumplings and Ramen..

I might wait till the weather is nice and warm again visiting the outdoor market instead."
"Ranu Thai Cuisine is a little hole in the restaurant. Dining here kind of feel like eating street food in Thailand.

We were the only one that dine in as most of the customers were all ordering take out. I am not surprised as there is hardly any proper dine in area and we were sitting on wobbly stools and eating on small counter space. 

We shared:

Pad Thai Omelette ($9.99) - One of the best in Toronto! Brought back memories of eating in the night market at Changi Mai! Portion is really generous too!

Mango Salad ($5.99) - refreshing 

Panang Curry Chicken ($7.99) - nicely done but I prefer a little more spice. My Yelp friend really enjoyed that though.

The spice definitely toned down but if you prefer to have your food more spicy just ask! 

For dessert, we really want to try their Thai Custard Sticky Rice but that might need to be pre ordered! 

I would be going back to Ranu Thai Cuisine next time when I am in the neighbourhood for more authentic Thai food. And hopefully I can have some Thai Custard too.."
"24 hours eatery... Lakeview might not serves the best poutine or has the best services or the nicest deco... 

But in the middle of the night and you have some cravings for snacks for whatever reason.. or your Yelp friends just want to chill out somewhere after Elite event and want to have some more cheap booze... Lakeview is a winner! 

This place was so busy on a Thursday night..... Services can be a little slow but at least they have free WIFI just ask for password. 

Thanks fellow yelpers that shared a table with me let me took photos of their food and even let me try them all........... 

Onion Rings 
Poutine 
Pulled Pork Poutine 
Some sandwiches? 
Fried Mars Bar 

That sounded like a complete meal with appetizers, main and dessert? 

I'll be back to Lakeview if I am in the area when nothing else opens...but there are so many interesting places for food in the area..."
"L'Opera Patisserie and Cafe is a nice little cafe along Yonge Street. 

Nice and dark at the back of the cafe.. even in the afternoon so I guess you can take your date for a small romantic quickie doesn't matter when :P 

The barista working alone here is a nice Asian man, since he is working alone, it took awhile to get our beverages. 

Love the mug it was served in... ceramic dark blue with golden patterns... and the spoon has this little X'mas theme. The cappuccino is not the best but the effort he put it makes it A-OK. 

I really doubt that the pastries and macarons are made in house... but they were displayed nicely in the cabinet... Even the macarons are all prepackaged individually or 6 in a bundle... and really they do look similar to the one at Tokyo Bakery.. but more pricey :)"
"Cafe Chic has great specials!

Especially on Monday night the Shisha and Tea special for $15 is awesome! Great to share the shisha with a friend or 2.

Service is attentive and we were basically the whole table there.

Limited sofa/lounge seating if that's what you looking for. 

The Red Bull and juice instead of water option is quite interesting. Maybe I should try my shisha with a Red Bull and be wired the whole night!"
"Port Union Library is located inside the Community Centre...

One of the smaller libraries I been to in Scarborough area..

The interior though has this cheerful orange theme. Have only 2 computers that has Full Access.. you might be disappointed if you want to chill and use the computer.

The book collections is small but recent... Great place to just bring your laptop and do some work or just read some magazines!"
"Oscar Coffee & Espresso Bar has a nice set up. Love those sofa like booth at the back. Chilling at the back just feel like lounging at a friend's house.

On a Sunny Spring Sunday afternoon, Oscar was busy but the line moved fast. My Cappuccino has really nice milk froth, smooth and silky. I should have ordered a double shot of espresso as it is just too mellow for my liking.

I would definitely be back to Oscar when I am in the neighbourhood."
"A cappuccino to stay..

Oh but Golden Mint doesn't has the right glassware, unless you want an espresso everything else are served in paper cups.

Not too many seating but seems like most of the people are doing takeout.

Coffee was ok. But it is always enjoyable to watch the retro Espresso machine in action."
"Donlands Subway Station is easy and straightforward..

One Entrance, One Exit...

Two Buses one go North one go South

And I never get lost.


That's a good enough Station!!"
"I did have a high expectation when I visited EAT BKK Thai Kitchen. I was a little disappointed because I expected some really authentic Thai food.

We ordered the following to share:

Chicken Wings Zaab ($8.95)
Larb Beef Salad ($9.95) Lunch Special
Spaghetti Curry ($11.95)

I was not too crazy with the dried larb seasoning on both the Chicken Wings and Beef Salad. The Spaghetti Curry Chicken was a nice attempt of fusion, but lacked the strong and bold flavour of Thai's cuisine.

I will give EAT BKK another visit and order something else and would update my review accordingly!

Tips: Don't bother trying to park at that small parking lot. Either find a metered street parking, Green P parking or a side street parking. Less agony!"
"Level Up is so new... the sign for the storefront is not even up when I dropped by for lunch this afternoon.

They opens at 11:00 am so there so they offers lunch/afternoon tea/dinner set specials which usually includes drink or a soup, which is typical of Hong Kong style cafe restaurants.

Lunch Specials starts from $7.99... And I randomly picked the first thing in the Lunch Special Menu:

Baked Pork Chop with Rice ($7.99)
- The Borscht soup comes with it is quite good, has a nice beef broth flavors
- The ""bread"" bun that comes with the soup is one of the driest thing I ever taste, I didn't even touch that!
- The pork chop itself is really lean.. really lightly breaded and deep fried before finishing off with a tomato based sauce in the oven
- A little bit dry.. and little bit bland.. but portion is big
- HK style Milk Tea though is the highlight of my meal... smooth and has aroma of the black tea

Staffs are trying... but seems to be disoriented and why are they cleaning the floor while I am eating? I am the only customer.. that dirty spot can wait till I leave...

10% Grand Opening discount till June 1st... 

I might give Level Up another visit since they seems to be too new and still need to have a few things figure out!"
"I know it is a little unfair to rate a brand new restaurant just based on 1 dish.

But if this dish is a simple dish that is available in almost every congee/noodle restaurants even in a food court and is a comfort dish... 

Congee Phoenix Cuisine really fell short.

The price definitely is good. $4.50 for a bowl of Shrimp and Mushroom Dumpling Noodle Soup. The size was perfect for a light lunch.

The dumplings though was the worse I ever ate. The tiny small shrimps were so mushy and have this really funny taste. I forced myself to eat as many of those as I can, as there was only 4 in an order... but I just could not finish it!

The staff are all really new and eager to help, but I feel uncomfortable when they all staring as the customers while we eat.. 

Decoration is really nice. 

Congee Phoenix does has potential. But they really needs to work on their quality of their food first.

Menu is really uninspiring just like any other congee place..."
"Love the Speakeasy Vibe of The Wickson Social. 

The sign is so small and you might just miss it in the dark. Walked in through this little door and you would be transport to a different world. A world that serves well crafted cocktails and tasty bar snacks.  A world that is stylish and sophisticated.

I just feel like I am all grown up.

Apple Pie Sour ($14) - dos, Egg White, Lemon, Apple, House-Made All Spice Syrup was just so delicious and with great presentation!

Will definitely drop by for cocktails again. Their food menu is changes seasonally. And if cocktails is not your thing, their crafted beer menu is quite impressive too!"
"What a leisure enjoyable Sunday brunch! Used OpenTable for reservation which I don't really need since Earth was half empty or almost empty.

Nice shaded patio or if you prefer not, the dinner area is really well appointed. 

Chef's Brekkie ($12) and French Toast ($11) both nicely done and quite tasty. The French Toast have this really dense cake like texture so I were enjoying that like a dessert! Yum!

Services was prompt, friendly and professional. Our waitress checked on us often and made sure that our water glasses never went empty!!

Earth is definitely one of my favourite restaurant for Sunday Brunch!"
"The smell of freshly roasted beans is in the air.

Walking inside de Mello Palheta is an experience in itself as I was surrounded by smell of coffee, beans, freshly baked goods.....

And I know I want to have a cup of coffee. A cup of Long Black....

Watching my friendly barista preparing my cup of drink with such concentration and passion was an experience itself. He was just so excited to prepare our drinks for us!

My drink looked pretty with the awesome latte art and tasted as good as it looks! Bold but Balanced!

de Mello Palheta is my kind of coffee place: small, personal with all their beans roasted and baked goods prepared everyday on site."
"2.5 star 

It is fair for me to rate Taste Good B.B.Q. just based on breakfast with no BBQ items at all?? 

Breakfast Special starts from $2.50 with plain congee and fried dough, you will be full with carbs...I am not complaining. 

I am cheap but I am not that cheap...so I opt for the most expensive breakfast choice on the menu!!! Congee with choice of noodle for $3.99! 

Salted Meat with Thousand Year Old Egg was quite disappointing as there was hardly that much egg inside.. to some of you it might be a blessing as they are really high in cholesterol. The congee itself did taste like homemade, but is it good or bad?? Noodles were kind of stale and feel like it has been under the heated lamp for awhile... 

Taste Good BBQ serves food at food court prices and with food court qualities...so If you looking for a cheap meal, you won't be disappointed! 

Lunch Specials starts at $4.99.... but would I be brave enough to try that? I might just stick with their BBQ next time!"
"3.5 Star

Xiao Long Bao小籠包 probably one of my favorite Shanghai Dim Sum.. But I love steamed Chives Dumplings and a lot of other Shanghainese dishes.

Xiao Long Bao Grand Opening today. The menu reminded me of Ding Tai Fung in Markham and Xiao Long Bao is really the sister restaurant of DTF! I am just glad that finally they comes to their senses to open up another branch in Scarborough and have a new name, not trying to pretend to be something else... 

The interior is really spacious and the tables are set far apart. There are quite a few tables for big groups! 

We shared:

小籠包 ($5.99) Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings 
韮菜蒸餃($5.99) Steamed Chive and Pork Dumplings 
上海粗炒麵 ($10.99) Fried Shanghai-Style Noodle 
元盅雞湯 ($6.50) Double Boiled Chicken Soup 

Everything was tasty and we really enjoyed the friendly service. 

The only reason it is not getting a 4 star is maybe the price point to portion. The Shanghai Noodle for $11 was just so small. The portion is half of what I would have get at other restaurants in the area at $9?!

I would be back when I have cravings for soup dumplings when I am in the area. I love the Steamed Chive and Pork Dumplings!"
"Coffee here at Alternative Grounds are good.

Certified Organic and Fair Traded. Roasted daily in house. And the barista makes a good Americano too!

I guess being a place that is so good and popular with free WIFI access, everyone wants to hang out for awhile... a long long while.

It is not easy to get a seat here!! And getting a seat that is close to electronic outlets? That almost impossible!

But Alternative Grounds Coffee House is definitely my first choice for a cup of Java when I am in the area!"
"Tom's House serves classical Teo Chew 潮州 Cuisine which is quite unique in the area. The menu though small but quite solid.

We tried the Brine Platter which has an intense flavour and I love how they made all the toppings in house: Meat Patties, Fish Balls...

Their ""Sticky Noodle Slice"" is really ""Kueh Chap"" which I have yet to see it offers in the GTA area. A dish of flat, broad rice sheets in a soup made from dark soy sauce served with pig offal, braised duck meat, various kinds of beancurd, preserved salted vegetables and braised hard-boiled eggs.

Tom's House offering is not for everyone. But if you want to really want and curious enough to try out authentic Chiu Chow items just like home? This maybe the place to go."
"Kam Fai is another Hong Kong Style Cafe in the Scarborough area where one can be stuffed full with food without paying a fortune.

Of course, they have breakfast/lunch/afternoon tea and all day specials. 

Their breakfast sets are served from 8 AM - 2pm so basically you can have a brunch everyday :).

Lunch specials starts at $4.49 which includes a soup (I was served the Chinese soup without asking), entrees and drink. The Stired Fried Rice Noodle with Beef ($5.49) is huge! I just ate half of it and pack the other half to go. It is a little oily but I kind of expected it when I order this dish. It is a little blend tasting but not too bad.

The selections of items here are really good but mainly Cantonese dishes. Services is really fast so good place to come if you are in a rush!

They accepts Cash only!"
"Bar Crawl #1:  Beau's Kissmeyer Nordic Pale Ale & St Bernardus Abt 12

Happy Hour Everyday till 7 pm! $2 off drafts and bottles/cans. Sweet!

Of course I have to start off with a pint: Beau's Kissmeyer Nordic Pale Ale ($5.50 with HH specials!) and my Yelp friend with a can of Howe Sound Lager ($4.5 with HH Special). And of course if you prefer some exquisite import: A bottle of St Bernardus Abt 12 ($28).

The interior is dark, dim and cozy. I like how Northwood is a coffee/beer/cocktail drinking place as that means I can hang out here the whole day. 

Too bad they were out of the 8oz Cold Brew to go. I guess I have to come back soon to try out their cocktails and coffee! And free WIFI!! Oh that means I can even yelp a bit!"
"Lunch Specials at Ume Sushi till 4 pm everyday!!!! I am IN!

Conveniently located right by Finch Subway Station..if you are driving there is a municipality parking lot a few step away.

Great selections of special lunch items from $8.95 with Korean and Japanese items and with 24 to choice one, I think you will find something you enjoy!

Service was a little slow in the beginning since I was seated in one of the private booth and I think they forgot that I was here!!

Sushi Lunch ($8.95) with Salad, Soup and Edamame all tastes good. Great plating and good value!! The only complaint is they all served to me the same time!!

The sushi might not be the best I had, but at this price point.. it is good value.

I definitely will be back again for lunch soon.... I still have 23 other items to try out!!"
"PannTea is located in Field Fresh Plaza at Middlefield and Steeles. I am happy that a Tea place opens up here as there are not too many in the area.

Special Alert: Buy one get one 50% off on weekdays and 20% off on weekends.

I wish they would put a sign up in the windows so people would see that. The clientele of this plaza is low and mid price range. Field Fresh probably one of the cheapest Chinese grocery stores around. $6+ for a drink? Not too many people that frequents the plaza would have willing to pay that on a regular bases.

Super Fruit Tea ($8) loves the fresh passion fruits, orange and watermelon inside. Definitely not ok with a piece of canned pineapple. They should just skip that instead. For $8+tax, it was a refreshing drink especially if you love watermelon!

Oolong Tea with Pearl ($5.8) was a lot milky than other ones I tried. It is quite standard. One of those I am not too sure if I would recommend or order again.

The service was nice and friendly. I was the only customer there on a Saturday lunch time. 

I do love the spacious interior and decor looks inviting. Not a bad option if you have craving for bbt in the area especially they have the special going on. But I guess I need to bring a friend? or I should just drink both of them....."
"Visiting SVP Sports was like a journey back in time!! Here you will find ""Vintage"" brand new hockey jersey from NHL teams that no longer exist for years....

Quebec Nordiques with their last season back in 1994/1995, that was over 20 years ago! There are also some ""Vintage"" NBA and MLB jerseys! If you do want something for casual shinny hockey maybe fine, as the price is good.

I would not say it feels like shopping at Value Village, but you did need to go through a lot of merchandise to find something that you might want to pay for it.

Security measure here is quite high. Seems like shoplifting has been a big problem for management?"
"The Red Tea Box, what a pleasant surprise!!

Since I did not order the food in the restaurant, I will be writing this review based on the perspective of Red Tea Box as a retail store and a cake shop.

I have to say it is one of the cutest teashops I been to. The selections of tea are great and love that they have all of them in jars so you can really smell them all if you choose to before making the decisions.

OMG! Those cute fondant cakes! They look so amazing and pretty... just like a piece of art. The details are so amazing. I already know a few of my sweet crazy friends would have love to eat one of those! Me personally thinks fondant is too too sweet for my taste and I will appreciate the cakes as a piece of art or an photographic items!

Great place to go if you are shopping for gifts too. You will find some quite unique items for your hard to pleased love ones!

If you in the area, definitely dropby and browse around, you won't be disappointed!"
"Can I say I am a fan of All the Best Fine Foods?

It has such a great website with what they have cooking for the 3 weeks.. so you can really plan what you want to serve before you even step inside the store...

I would say this is a dream for someone that too busy to cook, too lazy to cook, and too bad that she cannot cook (ok! that's me!) The Family Supper is an excellent and quick way to feed your family a decent dinner and the only skill you need is to know how to heat them up (hey as long as you read the instructions that comes with it!)

Of course as long as you have a deep pocket or you really wants to impress your guests with all these Gourmet food/Prepared food/desserts... All the Best Fine Foods is the way to go!"
"This Second Cup is one of the better ones I been to. Just North of Hwy 7 on Yonge.

Since this Second Cup is a little out of the way, I was not surprised that it was not busy at all. There are 3 armchair sections..and yes I scored one of those when I walked in to this half empty place.

Tons of outlets even set up with power bars, so really laptop friendly.

The only problem with Second Cup is in order to use their WIFI, you have to either set up an account with them or use your Facebook account to log in. And there is this timer clicking clicking tell you when's your 2 hour time is up or if you idle for 15 minutes they will log you out..

Current magazines on the shelfs for your reading pleasure while you sipping your coffee especially if your friend is busy typing away on their laptop and ignore you!

There is also a Patio area facing the parking lot, but with all these people smoking there, I think I will pass!!"
"I am hating myself so much while writing this review. I ate 3 pieces of Yumys Fried Chicken for lunch early this afternoon. 

I was luckily I did not eat the 2 orders of $2.79 for 2 pieces I got and gave the biggest piece to my co worker. I think she is hating me right now.

Fresh from the deep fryer they were just so juicy but seriously oily. And they were huge pieces.

Spicy lacked the spiciness and I waited 15 minute as they were made when ordered.

I now know why I only eat Fried Chicken once in awhile..... I still hating myself into the evening as I could feel my arteries clogging up. Or just my imagination?!"
"Nino D'aversa Bakery has this concept of food stations which divide up to Deli, Hot Food, Pizza, Dessert... When I walked in I feel a little bit disoriented... (OK I do get confused easily sometimes..) There are these nice seating area with number on the tables, are these places for sit down menu with wait service or where should I get started? 

Hot Plate 
- Not much choice as I was here for a late lunch... only veal left and only pasta dish was Ravioli with Cheese. The lady really loaded up my plate with Ravioli and I was forced to eat my veggie too (Mushroom). 
I found the Veal warmly cold... the Ravioli is ok though.. I always love any form of pasta.. 
- The whole wheat bun! oh it is so good... dense and fluffy at the same time.. the best part of my lunch 

Desserts and Cookies 
- Love the display case of desserts.. they have the regular and mini versions of most of their treats. The mini are $1.50 each, while the cookies are $1.30. The chocolate covered puffs with chocolate mousse filling is A-OK... the mousse so smooth......hmmmm and full of it!! Double chocolate delight!! 

I don't think I will be eating another hot plate here at Nino D'aversa Bakery as I really not into eating Cafeteria or buffet style food. On the hand I might be back for some of those cute desserts!"
"Chinese Cultural Centre is the ""Home for where the West to meet the East"" and the ""Past meet the Future""!

So aside from using as venue for  holding celebrations and gatherings during special Chinese Festivals like Chinese New Year or the Autumn Festival. They also hosts Competitions and performances of various kind.

They also has workshops and classes on Qi Gong, Tai Chi, Table Tennis, Line Dancing just to name a few... not only you learn new things but you can to meet and socialize with your fellow students that share the same interest.

They also has Chinese School for children age from 4 to 12. 

Their website has all the informations and worth checking out if you want to participate in the events or attend one of their classes!!"
"After my NYC eating/drinking Vacation, I now always have urges and desire going to bars/lounges and having a cocktail or two... Talking about bad/good influences from my Yelp peers in NYC! :) 

Since I am not really into the crowds or going to places that are really hopping, Pravda Vodka Bar is perfect for a night cap on a weeknight! Quiet but still have patrons...and for sure you can get good services or have your requested fulfilled!! 

Lychee Martini ($11) always my choice of Martini since I love lychee..so it was easy for me to decide. I let my Yelp drinking Buddy to have his vodka tasting instead since I am just a light weight when it comes to alcohol. 

And he for sure has a delighted experience being served by the friendly, knowledgeable and sexy bartender. Each vodka selections was explained thoroughly and my friend was too busy enjoying the moment and for him every single one tasted the same :). 

Pravda Vodka Bar for sure is a date place on a weekday. The soft lighting, the atmosphere, the rich and red deco and those velet loungers!! Anyone would have feel romantic and chic having a drink here!
Then my Yelp Drinking Buddy just woke me up from my dream.......

I need to be back during Happy Hour for their ($6) Martinis!! Now I know where I will wait for my hard working Yelp friends while I have a drink or 2. 

PICK ME UP at Pravda!!"
"This the 3rd location of North Western Chinese Cuisine I been to so I know what I am getting into and what to order. Of course Potato Noodle! If you like your noodle chewy, you might enjoy that. The texture is interesting and the noodle is the only thing I would order each time.

The soup could be spicier. The toppings was sparse but you can always offer the ones with more protein.

In this plaza with so many other restaurants, coming here might be a Plan B for most people. I ended up coming here because the one I wanted to go have a line out of the door.

Service was friendly and quick. No complaints."
"This is where I get my takeout all the time and that is at least once a week.

The food is always good, at least the ones I always order.

My favourite is the Korean spicy meat rice, any of the noodles in shark fin soups.

I would stay away from the pricey set dinner, they are not good values and not that tasty! I don't like their curry dishes as much as I found they put too much coconut paste in them.

My favourite drink here is the grass jello ice drink with icecream, but be warned not to drink that if you are on a diet! They put condensed milk as sweetener.... taste so good though!

BTW, if you go for lunch, this place is so busy, so prepare to wait!"
"Chartwell Shopping Centre has been around for years and years! 

Great neighbourhood Asian Mall if you need to run some errands and want to do everything in one stop:

- Supermarket
- banks: BMO and CIBC
- bakeries
- bubble tea shop
- travel agency
- family doctor
- vet and grooming
- hair cut
- restaurant: Dim Sum and Dinner
- Food Court (one of the better one in the area)

Ample parking if you are driving.... 

Especially on a hot summer afternoon, a lot of seniors are hanging around watching TV: CP 24, TSN and Chinese program... and enjoying the AC!"
"The selection of bottle of hot sauce is worth that 4 star rating for Wilbur Mexicana! If you are a hot sauce lover like me, you would be excited with the selection!

I was here on a weekday late afternoon for a quick snack so the place was quiet and my meal was enjoyable. Fish taco that includes some corn chips were really really good, just the perfect portion. 

Love the salsa bar.

Definitely would be back again when I am in the area for a quick snack!"
"Yes I am coming to Royal Teahouse for dinner instead of dim sum.

They do have set menu where you can pick 2/3/4/5 courses from a specific menu and the more you order the cheaper the cost per dish. There are over 40 dishes you can select from so there must be something for everyone.

I found the dishes here are sizable so we were full even ordering the 2 dish set meals. 

The staffs here are one of the friendest one I meet in term of Chinese restaurants.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"The view? I think that's the reason most people are coming here.

Kost is located at the Rooftop of Bisha Hotel with a great view of the City's landscape.

I love the upbeat trendy vibe. The nice bright resort like setting.

Baked Eggs ($17) was tasty with a Mexican twist. The plating was so pretty too. The price is reasonable with the location. The drinks are expensive though. $15 for a Mimosa serving in a plastic ware? I said pass!

Fun place to have a gathering with friends or on a romantic date. 

Reservations highly recommeneded"
"When all previous yelp reviewers comment how Japango small is.. I cannot comprehend until I drop by for their lunch specials. 

Maybe I have been eating and yelping too much, I can barely fit through to sit down at the table... 6 inches gap between tables...that is really tight!! 

And I am not used to staffs staring at me when I eat... 2 sushi chefs at the sushi counter, 3 waits staffs... I know they are NOT staring at me when I taking photos of my sushi or how I cross examine my food before I put it in my mouth but just too tight a space for a relaxing lunch. 

Sushi Bento Box ($13) 
- A good mixture of nigiri sushi: 2 each of salmon, tuna, surf clam, snapper and the best of all Aburi butterfish (half cooked, half raw but full in flavour!) 
- fish are fresh and shari rice are perfect balance in proportion to the fish... 

The lunch sushi set though is really good.. but did not Wow me..! Maybe I came here with too much of an expectations? or because it was just lunch and dinner can be better since it is a lot more pricier?!! 

I will definitely going to give Japango another chance... but I think I will stick with their lunch offerings? Maybe some Udon? 

They accepts all credit cards!"
"This review is based on venue rental service for P. C. Ho Theatre.

It is not easy to find a good performance venue in Scarborough who is decent size and reasonably priced to host events. 

I am glad that P. C. Ho Theatre which is located inside Chinese Cultural Centre has a professional support team for event venue rental. Great professional service both before and during event.

The theatre is spacious and can seat over 500 people.

Highly recommend if you want to held any performance or mini concert."
"Rahier Patisserie is such a cute bakery. When I walked in, I really feel like a kid in a candy store.. all the packaged cookies, all those individual cakes that looks so yummy that is hard to pick one! 

Rimbaud ($5) 
- Mango mousse, ginger cream, financier sponge cake 
- Beautiful presented and good size as an individual piece.. 
- I love mango so I am a little bias.. but this tasted so so good! Not too sweet, not too heavy... the hint of ginger really balanced the mango flavour 

Butter Croissant ($1.75) 
- Dare I say it is one of the best croissant I ate recently? 
- buttery and flaky outside and so light inside too... more like a pastry.. with no doughy texture... 
- I got all the crumbs all over my desk and myself when I tried eating it at my office desk! 
- Size wise it is one of the most chubby ones... 

Cappuccino ($3) 
- not bad but cannot compare to real espresso bar... but I really need a coffee to enjoy my pastry... 

BTW, they have little sample cookies that they placed around the store for you to try.. I ate 2 before I even placed my order...... 

Aside from sweet and pastry, Rahier afford baguette sandwiches I think I will try one of those next time when I come in..."
"This is probably the best Nando's in the area! 

The dine in area is spacious and I like how they have the handwashing station in the dining area. 

The restaurant is self serve as you placed your order and pay in front. Then when the food is ready, one of the servers would deliver that to your table. All sauces and condiments are self served which I kind of like as I can grab a few of my favourite hot sauces.

I got a coupon for Buy One Get One Free Quarter Dinner with a Side. The chicken leg thigh was moist and tender with great flavours (Extra Hot/Lemon Herb). The vegetable side was really good which I love as it has some kick to it too! 

I am not a big eater but Chicken Leg Thigh did not even enough to make me half full. I would recommend at least 1/2 or the best is a whole chicken for 2 people.

Portuguese Custard Tart (Pastéis de Nata) was not bad to finish off the meal."
"3.5 Star

Nome Izakaya is a fun place to have a drink or 2 or 3 with friends. Dark and loud and rowdy! Good looking waitress in tight short skirts? 

All I care about is the $1 oysters which available Tuesday and Wednesday evening. 

Asahi Pitcher ($24.80) 
Malpeque Oysters Special ($1 each) - Star
Fanny Bay ($12/10) - Star
Takoyaki ($5.50) - Not Bad
Spicy Short Ribs ($10.30) - A-OK

Food did take awhile to arrive especially the cooked food as the place was busy on a Tuesday evening!

Nome Izakaya is a good watering hole in the area. 

I will be back for more oysters!"
"We dropped by this Dominos Pizza's location to pick up an online order.

The staff here was really welcoming. They even let me take advantage of the $5 Sick Kids special which was only good till 4 pm when it was passed 5 pm.  All for a good cause anyway!

Pizza was tasty and so was the chicken wings.

I would be back for more and drop by for other walk in specials!"
"Not all Photo Booth experience is alike though one may think different.

I have taken photos with a few Photo Booth service for the last 6 months as seems like photo booth is a staples in most of the events I have been to lately. 

PixelBooth Toronto delivers the best printed photos, online access, photo tracking and downloading services. The prints we received on site were clear and of high quality. There is an access code for us to download the print in digital files and each of us even in a huge group received a hard copy! I also given a card with a barcode so all my photos would be grouped together and send to my email where I can view and download all the photos.

The Pixel Booth's staff at the event also very professional and courteousness. It is not easy to deal with hundreds of half drunk guests photo bombing themselves for hours!

Highly recommended for private events! 

I just wish there were more props! :)"
"Aloha Salmon Poke Bowl ($12)
I am just a little confused as the fish was not marinated and seasoned in anyway? I would have just call this a salad with toppings that includes raw fish? It was a just a small scoop of protein. A little sad.

Maybe stay with the rolls? or Sushi Platter? Or even a Chirushi Don?

I would suggest going to a ""real"" Poke place if you want a Poke bowl but if this is not what you looking for, then Makirriot Sushi Burrito might have do the job."
"We came all the way to Chawla's in Brampton to try out their Cream Chicken.

""Chawla's special Cream Chicken started in Nainital in the 1960 when late Sardar Attar Singh Chawla father of D.S. Chawla, Tajinder Chawla & I.P.S. Chawla, dished out his very own ""Kali Mirch Ka Chicken"", which instantly became a favourite with all. The family then improvised on the basics, adding another spice here and a little more pepper there and thus was born the Cream Chicken.""

Cream Chicken took 15 minutes to cook as at Chawla's everything are cooked when order. CP 24 did keep my Yelp Friend entertained while I looked at the washroom door....

How's the famous Cream Chicken?? Remind me on Cream of Chicken Soup garnished with black pepper and herbs! Chicken was really moist and with a great texture. It tasted pretty good with the naan though! 

Until.... I saw the price tag.... $14.99?! That's quite pricey for that few piece of chicken......$14.99?

My Yelp Friend was giving me this look when he ordered Hyderabadi Goat Biryani ($11.99). I think I started to like eating goat/lamb if they are prepared properly. The goat inside the biryani was tender and flavoured and not gamey at all. But not being gamey might not be a good thing??

Naan is complimentary on weekdays (Mon-Thu). Garlic Naan was crisp, light and not doughy, more like a flat bread.

Chawla's is a really small restaurant with full capacity at around 20 patrons. There were more people ordering takeout than eating in. 10% discount if for takeout orders, but call ahead since it takes a long time for your order to be ready!"
"Wine and Deli Sandwich is great for a light lunch. 

Bagel and Lox ($14)
Ketchup Curly Fried ($9)
Chicken Liver Mousse ($15)

Their bread baked in house tasted fresh. I love the bagels! The liver mousse was smooth and velvety.

Thanks for the wine recommendation. It is nice to have restaurant owners that are passionate and knowledgeable about their wine lists.

Eating here does feel like I packed a nice picnic basket and have a nice casual lunch in the park. 

There are 3 ""hot"" entrée  items which are available for dinner only. IMHO which is quite limit in choices.

A high end deli sandwich bar might be a hard sell especially at this price point. Maybe some lunch special feature offering and additional items for the dinner menu might brings in more business?!"
"I am always ""IN"" when my friends say let's go Izakaya! Especially when I know RAA was having a 15% grand opening specials.. I just could not resist!! 

The lighting inside RAA is dim.. the best lighting for drinks and date.. and your date would  look awesome with more drinks and dim lighting through the evening... and all the silly jokes would get more funnier!

Gyu Tongue Shio (tender, smokey and flavoured!), Takoyaki Pizza (if you love cheese and takoyaki.. you will love it!), Sashimi (great selections and excellent presentations.. great value!) all tasted awesomely good...

Was it the drinks? the lighting? the atmosphere? the companions? the silly jokes?  the pretty waitresses? the 15% off?

RAA is no GUU... I like it here better than GUU!!

Food is much better prepared with good selections of drinks! Services are much more attentive here too!!

I am here at RAA for the food.. but Wayne C and Karl R might be here for the amazing services? :)"
"This review is based on my brunch experience

A live Jazz Band during Sunday Brunch?!

Life is good at The Drake One Fifty.

The brunch menu though small but it does have the advantage of quick service. The wait time for food was less than 15 minutes. 

No only kitchen was fast. The food was delicious. My Egg Benedict has nice runny poach eggs and the pile of bacon would made any meat lover happy.

Sipping my Drake Caesar extra spicy while listening to the soothing jazzy music from the band. I could do this every Sunday.

Making a reservation via Opentable is super easy and convenient. No wait or line up and you get seated right away. Who in their right mind would stress on a nice Sunday afternoon waiting for a table?"
"Cafe Bene is hidden...really hidden...on a 2nd floor of a Bar and Grill.. and it is kind of enclosed hiding from the view of passerby... 

Some yelper sent me here....... The sole Korean lady working there was really surprise to see us waltzed into her cafe, as every single patrons here were really young Korean girls and we are either Korean or young 

The cafe is really small!! Some of the tables are facing the wall... and you are really going to sit drinking your coffee facing the wall?? 

They have Latte drinks for around $3.99... combo with Americano and waffles ($9.99) or 

Green Tea Latte and Gingerbread Latte with Chocolate Cake ($10.99) 
- Green Tea Latte was just way way to thick and sickening sweet SKIP! 
- Gingerbread Latte was A-OK... 
- Chocolate cake is store brought but really airy, bouncy and have good texture..A-OK 

There are 3 private rooms at the back where you can rent a Korean DVD movies and watch with your friends or alone or with your bf/gf (I guess you can do whatever in there because you will have privacy!) 

And for some that wants to do Korean girl watching.. you will be the only male that be drinking coffee from a pink flowery cup in there."
"Since the City has passed bylaws of using chemicals on residential lawns, my lawn has been such a nightmarish piece of wasteland over taken by weeds and insects. 

And with a few dry rainless summers which I really enjoyed, didn't matter how much you water your lawn, everyone lawns were turning yellow and dying!

I have used Hometurf Lawn Care Service a few years but since only all natural products are allowed to use in lawn care, I found basically nothing is helping!! My mother was commenting how beautiful those yellow flowers in spring, but I was dying in embarrassment!

5 seasonal fertilization and weed control from spring to fall were included in my Deluxe package. The applications were all done according to schedule. 

Were the treatments effective??  Maybe?"
"View of CN Tower 
Sipping Cold Cocktails
Enjoying Asian Tapas
Live DJ
Awesome Patio

The Roof at Soco has everything I can dream of for a perfect summer afternoon in Toronto.

The food was amazing.
Chicken Satay ($14) was moist and has a nice smoky flavour. One of the best in Town!
Asian Street Tots ($11) nice Asian twist! I love the nori elements!
Papaya Salad ($8) so refreshing!

Price point is high but this is Toronto Downtown in a Hotel right next to CN Tower?! Prime location for locals and tourists alike.

Staff was amazing! We were well taken care of. 

I just want to be upfront. I love my experience at The Roof at Soco. It would be a 5 Star experience but the hostess really needs some training/briefing. We were there at 4:30 pm and the place was not busy. For a table for 3, she assigned me to the ""worst"" possible table in the whole patio, a high top right in front of the open kitchen. No way I was going to sit there during one of the hottest day. When I was shown this table, I immediately requested to be seated somewhere else."
"If you are in the neighbourhood and have nothing better to do.. Oriental Centre is a good place to hang a little...

Nothing much there... nothing really worth buying... and on the higher floors a lot of the stores are empty.

Sad to see that bootlegged movies being sell here occasionally.. but if you are coming just for that, you might be disappointed!"
"This Cineplex is huge! 

With 17 screens plus the VIP section! The parking lot is huge and I was able to find a parking with no issue and it was even close to their entrance!

The food selection here is quite good. There is even a Tim Horton's! A slice of pizza for $3.99 was also quite reasonable.

The washrooms here also really clean and plentiful."
"I usually drop by this Toys R US when I shop at Markville Mall. It seems to be a smaller location compared to other I had been to. But for kids, browsing rows and rows of toys is always fun regardless.

Staff is helpful. I was looking for some Toy Story 4 merchandise, the associate was able to direct me to multiple shelving location in the store.

Good for some last minute shopping for your favourite kids or kids at heart if you want to spoil them."
"Sharing is Caring! What's better than sharing hot and steamy Korean Brasied Chicken with your friend? (Yup. They are in S/M/L size and the small size serves 2. So bring someone! Or I guess you can come alone and pack the leftover home!)

SsangKye Braised Chicken House serves up the taste of Korean: Jjimdak. A choice of Black, Red and White Cheese sauce. Though one might think the organic chicken is the star, but I love the glass noodle, rice cakes (which I secretly ate most of them especially the cheese stuffed ones), and dumplings! 

They are also working on a Spicy Challenge. Imagine Caroline Reaper and Ghost Pepper to spice up your chicken?! I have to warn you, it is HOT and please proceed with caution.

Not too many Jjimdak specialty place in town, SsangKye is worth a visit and find out what 
is really Korean food taste like."
"I love browsing around McEwan. 

High end grocery store which makes me go WOW and overwhelmed of the unique products they carries. It may not be a place I would done my weekly grocery shopping but a place when I want to get something that is not available anywhere else for a special occasion.

Compares to their Shoppes on Don Mills location, here they offers more ready to eat food outlet: Fabrrica for a pizza slice and Lavazza for a cappuccino. 

And the last time I visited, Chef McEwan was actually sitting right at one of the tables?!"
"Winterlicious 2017 Dinner $28 experience

I did not particular enjoy the whole experience. I do give O&B credit that they really master how to run a Licious efficiently! The menu was designed with items that are mostly pre made and can just served quickly.

We ordered:

Seafood Chowder - Nice and Creamy, A-OK!
Warm Pancetta & Fontina Gougeres - What is that??! Worst app I ever have! They were cold, even the tomato sauce was cold

Braised Beef Short Rib Gnocchi - Rib was really good! But some of the gnocchi was not cooked through
Chicken Coq au Vin - Dark meat chicken was served which was moist, A-OK!

Bana Tarte Tatin - The pastry a little stale and hard
Warm Chocolate Torte - OK

Thyme Cocktail was not bad but unfortunately there was a rubber band in my drink??!! The server took it off my bill and did offer to have it remake. 

The service was fast and maybe too efficient and impersonal."
"JXY Dumpling Restaurant has quite an extensive menu. But as this is my first visit, I have to try their dumplings.

Price wise is reasonable as a dozen of freshly made dumplings for $5.99. I like how they were just the perfect size as one bite, so soup would not be everywhere while biting into it. There is also a choice of steamed or boiled. I highly recommended the steamed option.

Cold Noodle in Chili Sauce ($5.99) was not bad. Good as a side on a hot summer day. But nothing too memorable and not too spicy.

Service was fast and friendly. 

Warning: if you are a clean freak, you might not like it here. Everything feels sticky including the chopsticks......."
"I read so much about Mother's Dumplings on Yelp! I have yet have any dumplings in Chinatown as there are tons up at Scarborough/Richmond Hill area. Both me and my friend were pleasantly surprise how good the food they served here!!

The deco here is nice! Way too nice for a Chinese restaurant..  dare I say it is decorated more for the non Chinese crowds..... Even the washroom here is nice and clean... Am I in Chinatown???

Beef Noodle is great!! The soup base has this great aroma of beef and hmmm and nicely flavoured!! The noodle was chewy with a lot of bite but cooked perfectly without the taste of flour... 

Boiled Vegetable and Pork dumplings!! The skin was so thin... not doughy at all!! I just kept popping them in my mouth and my friend just couldn't keep up with me and I ended up ate 2/3 of the order!! and I can still have more!! They are that good!! 

Services here is fast and efficient... typical Chinese restaurants services... 

Now I want to try their steamed dumplings and hopefully that will be real soon!"
"This review of Goa Kitchen is based on my lunch experience.

Sometimes dining out is really about an experience, especially in one of the restaurants inside Bayview Village Shopping Centre.

Goa Kitchen does delivers. The decor is plush, fancy and welcoming. Love the darker bold colour themes. The huge mirrors, the chandeliers really set the mood.

Attentive service is top notch. Water glasses never empty. Plates cleared out as soon as they were empty. Staff making sure you have everything you need and more.

But we are here for the food after all. Lunch main course which includes naan or rice starting at $18. They also have prix for $29. Price is reasonable for the location and ambience. Is this ""real"" Indian food? I would say more a fusion. The use of spices definitely been toned down and the dish less oily compared to other Indian restaurant. Does it make the food less tasty? 

Halal Goat Roast ($18) with naan was tender and moist. I love how it was served bone in. The masla based stew was flavourable with a little kick. I did request extra spicy but nothing their house made hot sauce could not fix.

I have never been to Goa and next time maybe I can try one of their Goa seafood dish. 

Yes that would be another visit in the future."
"This place really reminds me the way it was when I was eating my congee and steamed rice noodle roll back in Hong Kong.


Pro
- quick fast service, if you in a hurry you will be seated and served right alright 
- simple menu with different kind of congees . These congees are made by placing the raw ingredients at the bottom of the bowel and then pour steaming hot congee on top!  my favourite is the minced  beef and pig blood (I think the pig blood is the best in the area, make sure you let the minced beef sit in the hot congee to has it cook properly)
- steamed rice noodle rolls : plain, with beef, with shrimp, with bbq pork, with deep fried dough freshly made in the open kitchen in the front,
- deep fried pastries to go with your congee.. all made fresh..their seasame ball is really popular and only has limited quantities
- steamed turnip cakes, spicy tofu in garlic sauce, noodle with bean sprouts all tasted great
- great condiments: hot sauce, seasame sauce, sweet sauce, seasame seeds (you need to drown your plain steam rice noodle roll in all these!)

Con
- Crowded during weekends, you may has to share a table if you don't want to wait too long
- inside Market Village, so parking maybe a problem during public holidays or weekends
- not the cleanliess place... the floor a little sticky.. the table a little dirty.. 
- tables are packed close to each other...so don't expect any privacy
- in and out, can't linger after you finished eating
- price is quite high for the quantity of food you getting..

CASH only!"
"Love Assembly Chef's Hall Concept of having some of the best restaurants in TO to open up a stall in a ""food court"" like setting. 

The offerings are quite versatile and with a good selection of dish that represent the individual business. 

Great for groups and even individuals. 

We tried the Spicy Sopressata Pizza from The Good Son ($18), Bara Chirashi from Shari ($19.50) and Pad Gra Prao from Little Khao ($17). They were all really tasty and really similar to what one would get in the perspective restaurants.

One might argue that they are more pricier from regular food court. But moving forward the price might be adjusted based on the market situation since they just opened for business last week.

Music was pretty loud at the Bulldog/Cherry BBQ area. If you want some quiet and piece, there are also plenty of seating in the area near Tokyo Smoke/Nut Bar."
"Really friendly staff.

Food is quite standard to other Mucho Burrito's location I had been to. The item is fresh and the choice is good. Love the different level spiciness of salsa.

A lot of fillers even if you order a ""meat"" burrito. But if you rather want more veggies, then it was your kind of burrito.

Good for a quick fast food pick up, especially if you have no time to eat in."
"3 star, extra 0.5 for Durian Pastry...... 

Health Gourmets promoting health eating by using better ingredients, less oil, salt and no MSG. 

Interior deco is quite pleasant with spacious, open concept with green and white colour theme. 

Dim Sum serves till 3:30 pm with a smallish menu but quite sufficient as it has my favorite durian Pastry!!! Price is on the higher end in the area $2.50 (VIP card holder at $2.30) and $3.50. 

Steamed Shrimp and Chives Dumpling ($2.30)

Steamed Beef Roll ($2.30)

Durian Pastry ($3.50)
- Freshly made and I can smell its aroma feet away.. 
- So flaky and puffy.... And the creamy filling just oozing out
- LOVE, finger licking good...

The other 2 are quite standard but the portion is good since it is the healthier version, the taste is more subtle. 

They also serves Cantonese dishes during dinner time. 

I probably will come back again for dim sum... Healthy dim sum...."
"I dropped by Bang Bang on a weekday winter afternoon. There was no lines. There was no one really but me and the ice cream. The legendary best ice cream in Toronto.

So many different unique flavours. The nice staff let me try a few, and in fact I do want to try them all?! I already set my mind on Totaro since I love ube and everything purple.

A scoop of Totaro in a puff ($4.75) was just so so deliciously good. The ice cream has such intense flavour and I felt like I was in somewhere tropical just for the moment... The puff was buttery and tasty.

Would I have lined up for 45 minute for this? Probably not. So I better come back to get some Bang Bang before the crowd shown up again. I would eat ice cream as good as this in the depths of winter."
"Party City is huge and well stocked for all your party needs. The helium balloons collections will make every kid smile or great decoration for that milestone birthday party. The store is the busiest over the Halloween month as people of all ages are here for their costumes. (I would avoid or come in early to get the best selections)

Sadly the store is really understaffed even the staff here is really nice and pleasant and trying their best to help.

You need a lot of patience if you want one of those balloons for your special day."
"The most important meal of the day is dessert!

Here at CrepeStar you will find different options to satisfy your taste buds. The problem maybe it is hard to just pick one. 

My friend left me with this difficult task. Our waitress was eager to take my order but she didn't realize how many thoughts were going through my mind while I was flipping through the menu.

Time to Go Nuts: Waffle with Moose Track Ice Cream, Banana, Nutella Sauce and Mini Reese Peanut Butter Cups.

Perfect for sharing. But secretly I know I can probably eat the whole order by myself.

Service was fast and efficient. 

On a Saturday night, the place was packed with families, large groups playing broad games or even couple ordering a night cap. Yes, they do serves alcoholic beverages!

So next time, when you up in Newmarket and want a late night treat, you know where to go!"
"If I have a Jen K's Top 10 Restaurant List, Joe Beef would definitely be on it. 

And in fact, I might even able to say My Last Meal on Earth I want to have it here. (Yelp's profile question and they do serves uni!)

I have been to Liverpool House, Joe Beef's sister restaurant right next door but Joe Beef is the real deal.

The menu is seasonal but interesting. A mixture of seafood and meat and even vegetables. And of course foie gras!

Everything we ordered were amazing. And the wait staff is just so knowledgeable with the menu and able to make awesome recommendations.

The vibe is relaxing especially out on the back patio on a nice summer evening. 

And of these for a reasonable price! 

Just make sure you make a reservation ASAP, Joe Beef is just so popular and definitely worth all the hype!"
"I have live in Markham for years! This is the first time I ever been to their Annual Ribfest!

Parking is plentiful! Free and less than 5 minute walk from the actual event site. Thanks for the surrounding office buildings open up their lots for event parking.

Free admission..extra money for food and drinks?

At the Main BBQ area there are 6 different food vendors smoking and flaming their ribs, chicken, pulled pork... Meat lovers heaven!

There are also Beaver tails, Funnel Cakes, Corns and all the regular festivities food trucks. I am surprised to see even a stinky tofu stall too!

Beers are limited to Mill Street: Organic and Stock Ale.. or maybe you prefer a cooler?

Non stop entertainment at the bandstand while people enjoying their food and a nice July weekend!

Tips:
- come early... or in between meals? The lines get long at around 7:30
- Not all BBQ places are the same! Follow the crowd or go and smell the meat or see the open flames... (My friend ended up picked from one of the vendors that gave her cold, dried and chewy ribs!)

Why are my friends eyeing my ribs with hungry looking eyes?!!!!!!!!!"
"Shopping or Donating to ReStore is a win win situation.

The money you spent here buying overstocked or used construction, home renovation and decoration items would help in providing affordable housing and shelter for people in need.

Just wish the Scarborough location would have more items in stock but it is good to check back often, especially at the furniture section as there are quite a few interesting pieces if you want to look for a mix and match modern retro look.

You can also donate items and they would arrange picked up and even get a tax recipt for the value of the donation!"
"Cicchetti are small snacks or side dishes, typically served in traditional ""bàcari"" (cicchetti bars or osterie) in Venice, Italy.

Buca ex chef Ryan Campbell does cook up a storm of Cicchetti in his new venture Il Covo with this Cicchetti concept in Little Italy. I was transferred for a few hour to somewhere warm, where people just wine and dine and sharing good food and wine with friends! 

What should we order?? Everything looks good in the menu. The beauty of smaller plates does let me try out different items and this is especially great when my friend willing to share everything with me!!

dal mare
ostriche ~ west coast kusshi oysters, watercress, lemon
insalata di mare ~ chilled salad of mixed seafood, salsa verde, trout roe, pickled peppers
meriuzzo alla siciliana ~ tomato braised black cod, basil, caper, pine nut, olive monacale

dall'orto
scrigno ~ chest of past a filled with gorgonzola and radicchio di chioggia, mosto cotto

dal psacolo
nduja abruzzese ~ pork skin crackling, spreadable salame from abruzzo, artichoke ash
raviolini con lumache ~ garlic braised snail and mushroom stuffed pasta, cow's cream, goat's butter, rosemary oil
agnello alla griglia ~ grilled lamb, graffiti eggplant, yukon potato, rosemary

dal casaro
burrino ~ butter rolled in mozzarella, warm bread, sicillian white anchovy
blu di frabosa ~ pasteurized blue veined sheep's milk cheese, aged 8 months, piemonte, served with blood orange rose
gorgonzola carozzi ~ pasteurized blue veined cow's milk cheese aged 4 months, from lombardia ,served with apple mostarda

dal forno
tiramisu al limone ~ lemon lady finger, limoncello, mascarpone mousse
tartufo ~ zabaglione gelato, candied almond, chocolate liquor

There are also a wide selection of wine to pair with all your food. Giuseppe Marchesini also from Buca would help you with the wine selection. And if you are not a wine drinker, there is also Italian style cocktails, spirits and other drink options.

I can't wait to be back and try out other items on the menu. I still thinking of that soft and creamy burrino with fresh baked bread whenever I have my carb craving!"
"No Free WIFI at this location anymore!!

Have to log in to Sheraton Guest network in order to connect....."
"A lot of regular patrons hanging in this McDonald's. Free Wi-Fi, Free Coffee refills and friendly staff to chit chat with.

My bagel sandwich tasted pretty fresh compared to other sandwich I ordered in other location.

They should fix their order display asap as it was quite confusing as I wonder if my mobile order was processed or not."
"3.5 star

NextDoor is a welcoming addition on Main Street Unionville. A place for brunch/lunch, happy hour, dinner and night cap. That's what we need up in Markham.

The options of making reservation online was a plus. The dining room is spacious and quite comfortable with nature lightnings during the day, best for food photography! (That's so many great photos online!)

NextDoor has a lot of potential to be the ""best"" or ""unique"" restaurant for Markham. 

The food though is a hit and miss. I had been here twice: lunch and brunch. There are some items I ordered were excellent - good, and some was meh.  

Okonomiyaki ($17) - So salty, really lack of balance. My poached eggs = hard boiled eggs
White Chocolate French Toast ($16) - interesting elements
Fried Brussels Sprouts ($10) - love the bacon and the maple give it a little sweetness
Roasted Spaghetti Squash ($15) - meh.. mushy, soggy and khao soi as not much flavour
Duck Wings ($10) - great with beers, I like this!

Sadly looks like they revamped the blunch menu with less choices than before.

Now maybe I have to come back and give their dinner menu a chance as I still have not try their bone marrow yet!!"
"Chocolate Heaven! ChocoSol Traders' Eating Chocolate is just amazing. Dark Chocolate is just my favourite

Rustico line has varieties of bars which are 65% to 100% cacao and the bars are stone-ground for approximately 8 hours. 

Five Chili Bullet (75% cacao) - spicy and you actually can taste the individual chili flakes
Vanilla Sea Salt (65% cacao)
Mon Cherry D'Amour (65% cacao) - There are chucks of dried cherry inside

Jaguar Chocolate (82% cacao) is one of their unique offerings made from a very rare albino cacao bean known as Theobromae Bicoloris. According to their website, they are the only chocolate producer in the World that make this type of chocolate.

Chocosol Traders were founded in 2004 in Oaxaca, Mexico but have been based in Toronto since 2006. 

Thanks so much in bring such amazing Mexican chocolate to Toronto! Cacao is really the ""Food of God"""
"What's better to express my love of Japanese food by attending a Sushi Making class... When my Yelp buddy told me about ""Sushi Making for the Soul"", I am IN!! 

""Sushi Making For the Soul"" ($30) is not only an opportunity to learn about the detailed and intricate art of sushi-making, it's also a way to help those affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. 

The event took place at Liberty Noodle which was really informative and it was so much fun with hands on sushi making that resulted in sushi that only myself enjoyed eating...(Think how it is in a kid's handicraft class!) 

Master Sushi Chef, Shin Aoyama, and Sushi Impresario Sang Kim did a wonderful job in making the evening entertaining and enjoyable... After attending I now know some basic history and knowledge about sushi and I know how to roll up some rolls just like a ""Master Sushi Chef"".

The good thing is the proceeds are directed to Doctors Without Borders, Second Harvest, and the Japanese Red Cross. 

Future events are in the making.. and they going to have a single event... What's better to get to know other singles that are interested in sushi and get to know each other with Shari rice stuck to the fingers!"
"I love KFC!

bb.q Chicken inside food court of Hmart is tasty! I like how crispy and light the breading is. 

Half and Half: Original and Hot Spicy. The Original is lightly seasoned which I enjoyed but Hot Spicy is pretty mild. 

Call ahead to order if you want to skip the line. 

Enjoy them pipping hot right in the food court seating area.

You might prefer ordering here because of ample parking instead of going down to Yonge and Finch area. Less hassle if you are driving or living North of Steeles."
"Yum Yum Yum! 

I am not really a burger eater. I do have burger urges once in awhile. I have been driving by Tom's Burger almost everyday. It is housed in a bungalow looking trailer/shed. 

The Cheeseburger combo I ordered was A-OK! Personally I just eat grilled burgers so Tom's Burger is pretty good to my liking. The patty though previously frozen do taste juicy and hmmm that little burnt grilled marks. The bun was toasted on the grill too... it is a little crispy outside.

I like how I able to pick my toppings. The tomatoes are thickly sliced, the lettuce is fresh and crisp. No complaints at all there. And extra HOT peppers please! :)

The french fries are perfectly done too. The oil they use are fresh so the fries are all golden in colour, crispy and not soggy at all!

I would definitely come back for burgers when the cravings comes up again! And good thing is Tom's open Monday - Saturday  till 11 pm..."
"Though Sunny Dragon Restaurant is more catered to family or groups, but even eating here alone is a good experience!

I love how they have the half portion of JjamBbong (Spicy Seafood Noodle Soup) and  JaJangMyun (Black Bean Paste Noodle) for $9.99, so I can eat 2 different type of noodle dishes in 1 seating!

Great portion size and good prices! Noodles has great bite and JaJangMyum is on the sweet side but taste good with tons of meat sauce!

Lunch specials at $6.95 serves till 3:30 pm.

Sunny Dragon is my to go place for Korean Chinese Food. I think that's better than Chinese Korean Food?"
"So Glad The Coffee Lab finds a new home and settle right in!

This is probably the smallest coffee shop in Toronto?! I love the glass windows that you can watch the barista craving your coffee. 

Come here because you want a good coffee and not looking for outlets, wifi and a place to ""study""! 

There are 2 small stools on the sidewalk if you really want to ""dine-in"".

I love the concept!"
"If you expect to have the same same Italian food at Ardo Restaurant, you might be disappointed.  Come with an open mind and you will be rewarded.

Small neighbourhood vibe just like a little bistro somewhere in Italy. Great for a date night or just come for some excellent Italian fare with your friends.

- sarde: spaghetti, fresh sardines, wild Sicilian fennel, raisins, saffron, toasted bread crumbs

So good! And I don't even like sardines, raisins and fennel. But the combination just work! Great depth of taste and texture.

- insalata di mare: fresh seafood salad with octopus, little shrimps & clams, frissée salad, celery foam

- cavolo: organic kale, romaine, cabbage, radish, pickled red onion, crispy parsnips, shaved parmiggiano, housemade Caesar-style dressing

- crudo & 'shroom: fior di latte, tomato sauce, 24 months aged prosciutto crudo, preserved mushrooms

Enjoyed all the items we ordered! I guess I really love Sicilian cuisine?! A taste of Milazzo in Toronto!"
"Mount Pleasant Public Library is a small neighbourhood style public library. 

I love how the facade of the library integrated in to the neighbourhood and give it a really local feel.. 

Don't expect this branch carries multiple copies of everything but as you know you can always request to have the books you want deliver here. 

Free WIFI access, you are encouraged to get a coffee from Jules next door and just surf your little hearts out with their Internet connection! The location here is great since I am in walking distance of all the cafe and right across from Penrose Fish and Chips if you want a quick bite!"
"I have no previous memories of Africa.. now after visiting Memories of Africa, Peri Peri chili powder and Beef Biltong now will be always at the back of my mind. 

Beef Biltong supposed to be a South African delicacy with beef air dried instead of smoked to create that unique taste and texture... (and the addition seasoning of Peri Peri sure helps with the taste!) 

My friend at first was really skeptical... since the Beef Biltong in the fridge looks not too appetizing but after she start eating that, she could not stop!... Beef Biltong is something that you have to eat every single bites of it before you can stop, that is addictive! 

There are also bottles of condiments, sauces, seasonings that are all from South Africa... which is quite unique and you cannot find in a supermarket near you! 

The store is nicely maintained, the store owner is so so nice... asked me if I want a cookie... hey not going to say no... yes please!"
"Everything tastes better when deep fried! 

We ordered a appetizer platter to share and love the deep fried squid. Lightly breaded with salt and pepper seasoning.

I will skip the pineapple drink as it was really watered. It is ok to be light and refreshing but there was just tasteless.

Extra star for open-mindedness of social media and quick in addressing issues. This is great customer service."
"Maybe I should not have that much expectation for Kalok Express as a stall in a food court. I do like the selections and the price is reasonable.

Shrimp Wonton Noodle ($5.50) was quite disappointed though. The wontons were balls of hard meat with mushy texture, I could not find those ""fresh""  shrimps. The noodle though was cooked good with a nice bite.  That bowl of noodle is definitely a 2 star.

I might give them another try? Cart Noodle might be more promising? Just skip the wontons."
"This review is based on my experience at a popup location at Lululemon.

Disclaimer: I have this thing about UBE.... So I love most of the desserts that made with ube.

I am not here for that IG photo as the ice cream melt so fast if you don't start licking it once served. Ube and Nut twist is quite pretty and the flavour combination is great. The cone is nice and crispy.

There was no line up at all when I dropped by on a Wednesday afternoon. (+0.5 )

For $7 a little pricey for a soft serve. Worth a try if there is no line up. Seriously, people really line up for 45 minute for that?!"
"I used to shop at this NoFrills quite a bit until they started letting the fruits ripen without sorting them out. Fruit flies was everywhere near the fresh produce area.

Moving forward.

I have been back twice this month and the situation had been improved since it is now under new management! The fresh produce area seems to be cleaner and more organized! I love the addition of Charlie's Meat Counter which also means better and variety in cuts of meat.

I will now be back doing part of my grocery shopping here."
"Tian Fu Restaurant 天府山庄is a rebranding of the old Bashu/Red Chili 巴蜀人家. 

Brand new deco which is so much more functional with the addition of booth seating for smaller groups. I like how they now use real table cloth instead of plastic. Everything here is just so much classier!

Menu has the usual Northern Chinese selection. Tian Fu is serving the real authuentic Chongqing 重庆 and Szuchaun 四川 cuisine. But be warned that when they says is spicy, it is really that spicy. Be prepared! 

They do have a lunch menu with a good selection of rice dishes for $7.50.  

Beef with Noodle in Spicy Broth ($7.99) 麻辣牛肉米線 is good and spicy. Made my lips went numb and my eyes watery, the way I like it! I think this is the most spicy broth I ever ate in GTA.

Of course there are other non spicy items to choose from. But I would stay with the hot spicy stuff!"
"Maybe I should have ordered something different. But my Jerk Chicken Shawrama Wrap ($5.95) was dry and tasted bland. I was hoping they have gravy to spice it up but all they have is hot sauce. Jerk spice was not presented at all.

I might give Chris Jerk another try. Maybe order something more traditional. Hopefully Quarter Leg should be ok, not too easy to make dark meat dry. or even ackee and fish which is only available on Fridays and Saturdays."
"I am bias. 

I have this thing for local business that is friendly, innovative, enthuiastic and love what they are doing.

And Hatch is one of them. They do Coffee well. Single Original Beans roasted on site and Cold Brew. The roast is lighter but I do like their Scandinavian concept from packaging to produces.

Great for french press and pour over. Especially if you are into lighter roast with a citrus or floral note.

Drop in for tasting is welcoming. You can meet the roaster and do some coffee geek talk.

All their coffee and cold brew are available for order online or at the roastery. And you can also enjoy them at Millie Crepe in Marhkam."
"What happened to Woodbine Centre Mall??

There are not really a store here that worth your while to come and shop or visit!! The only draw maybe the Fantasy Fair Centre if you have young kids. 

Depressing and sad while walking around the mall... I just want to leave and never come back again!!"
"I usually not into Greek sweet... but the Galaktobouriko (don't ask me to pronounce that!) at Athens Pastries was excellent!! Not too sweet with just a touch of honey went well with the flaky shell and the egg custard!! 

Cappuccino was great too with the nice milk foam. 

The layout of the Athens Pastries in Scarborough is identical to the one in Greek town but of course a lot less busy. 

Just love Athens Pastries especially the whole stores was filled with freshly baked pastries from the oven!"
"I cannot think of a better Richmond Hill location for Global Pet Foods!

Right across for the Richmond Hill Off Leash Dog Area. Even I went in and browsed around with my dog before and after our playtime in the park!

Staffs are really knowledgeable and helpful. 

The selections though a little less than the Global Pet Foods store I frequent. But you can get all the things that you need for your love ones!

Of course, bring your dogs in for some treats! Well manner pets are always welcome!"
"I always walked by Palais des congres de Montreal all the time whenever I visit Montreal, as it is located at the Metro stop where I get to China Town.

And finally I got to really experience the facilities during Montreal Beer Fest and I was impressed. The interior space is bright, spacious and full of vibrant colour and energy! Just sitting inside the space and looking out through the stained glass window was a relaxing experience!

The staff here was polite and friendly. Greeting all the visitors with a smile and giving us directions.

Looking forward to come here again for future events!"
"2.5/5 round up to 3

Eating at Le Viet Asian Cuisine brings me back to memories of having ""Asian"" food in Hong Kong. Restaurants that have a menu of everything from Southeast Asian but with a Hong Kong style twist. I remembered I did enjoy this concept as some of my family members and friends cannot eat something that is too ""authentic"" and this is just perfect for a big group.

I have been to the Le Viet location in Markham. This 2nd location has the similar menu as the original and even some of the same wait staff. Food was quite standard. 

Vietnamese Sour and Spicy Vermicelli with Chicken 
Beef Brisket in Tomato Sauce with Rice  

They seemed to be understaffed as only 2 waitress was at the front of the house. 

For a new restaurant, the interior and most utensils felt sticky and dirty and in need for a clean up.

Grand Opening 10% off Special till end of July"
"I have to say Congee Wong's food quaility really going downhill........

We were there for a quick dinner on Saturday night. The Rice Noodle Roll with XO sauce we ordered was such a joke. Tasted like something that I made (ok, that means it is quite bad :p) It is not even wok hot...and hardly any XO sauce in it. I really feel like returning it back to the kitchen.

Even the other table that ordered the famous Singapore turnip cake.. they were all kind of mushed up.

The other things we order are so so... really not impressed!

They do now have specials set lunch, afternoon tea and dinner, which seems to be good value.

However, it will take me a long time before I will be back, since there are so many choices of Congee restaurant even in the Plaza."
"If not for all these 4/5 star Yelp reviews, I would not have visit Malt N Salt Fish & Chips.

Talking about off my territory and radar, I got a little freak out when the voice from my GPS guiding me through some residential streets in Scarborough. Until I got to this little strip plaza....

Malt N Salt is definitely a take out place with 2 really small tables that seat 2. The two Chinese ladies behind the counter looked kind of surprise to see me waltzing in wanting Halibut with Chips ($8.95) eating in.

The fish itself has this really light, crispy and golden batter that I enjoyed. Skip the fries as they are nothing special...

While I was stuffing my face, the lady behind the counter came over to my table and start showing me where all the condiments and which one I should add to my food..... maybe I just look  lost and out of my element?!"
"Maybe I should have came here for Brunch instead for Late Night.

Main's Mansion for sure was hopping with action on a Saturday Night. There were in fact 2 Live Bands in the house, one on the patio and one upstairs. 

It is great to see all these action up in Markham. But I guess I should have went somewhere else to catch the last period of NHL Playoff game. Main's Mansion turned to a club like vibe that night.

The setup was a little awkward as people walking passed the main dining/bar area to go upstairs, to go out to the patio, to go in and out and everywhere. It was good for people watching but not for game watching.

The only saving grace is they do have Hoegarden on tap so I don't need to be stuck drinking Canadian..

I might go back to Main's Mansion for their brunch but definitely not for a night cap. Just not my scene!"
"24/7 near Finch Subway Station!

Kayagum will probably be my late night hang out place when I am hungry... I don't know why I am hungry at wee hours...

I parked my car right in front of the restaurant and paid for meter parking then saw Parking at Rear Sign at the store front... next time...

Servers here are all female... and super friendly! My waitress came and asked me numerous of times if I need more banchans, more tea.. more everything.. and she is pretty too! :)

The menu here has all the usual Korean food but has a bigger selections than Buk Chang Dong Soon Tofu across the street...

Banchans though are really Meh.... tasted like it is an afterthought........I just cannot eat potato/apple salad drowned in mayo...

Yuk Gae Jang ($8.95) Spicy Beef Soup with Veggie is So So.... hardly any beef or other ingredients... and is not hearty at all... I would just skip this next time.

Since Kayagum is new, it is super clean and spacious...  I love those booth seats too! So much privacy!

They have smallish LCD monitors showing CP 24... so small.. I cannot even make out the weather forecast from my table!

Accepts VISA, MC and Debit Card."
"3.5 Star

Big Jack's Burger is the newest Burger Joint in town.  Seems like ""gourmet"" burger is the thing now in the area.

5oz AAA Certified Angus Brisket, Ground Fresh Daily on Site

A basic burger for $5.99 is on the pricey side as a combo will be another $4.49 on top. The Big One is $13.99 with double patties, double bacon and egg...

Smell of meat can be intoxicating inside on a hot day, I smelled like meat while waiting for my burger to be ready. Luckily there is some outside seating for me to enjoy my lunch.

Basic Burger ($5.99) & Fries ($2.49)  
- The patty was really good with a good texture and I can in fact taste the beef itself
- Choice of whole wheat and white bun
- Standard toppings aside from sauted onion and you pick when you place your order
- I finished my burger and I just comfortably full, so if you are a bigger appetite, Double Burger and extra meat toppings （bacon, peameal, pulled pork, egg）maybe the way to go

Service is friendly but expect a longer wait time during lunch rush."
"I guess Hot Party Restaurant has opening hours like a diva bar.. oh even later than all the watering holes in seedy Scarborough area... Yes you have a HOT Spicy Party here till 5 AM! But seriously, I really wonder how many people can handle all these spicy food that late/early at night/morning! 

For a newly opened restaurant, Hot Party is quite dirty... tables are sticky and those huge up to the ceiling windows looked all gooey and oily... You have to understand the kind of food they serves are like loaded with chili peppers.. with a ratio of one to one... every dishes here are orange and red.. hot and colourful! A lot of the dishes also served as a hot pot! 

Sister restaurant of New Greatime (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/new-greatime-corp-toronto) the menu is identical! Colourful and with photos of ever single dishes... so even if you cannot speak Mandarin, as long as you can point, you get what's you want! 

Don Don Noodles ($5.99) 
- I totally forgot my previous experience at New Greatime so I ended up ordering the same thing... 
- Damn!! It was so spicy! I was sweating..dripping in sweat when I was eating it! My lips just turned red and numb! 

I don't think I will make a special trip to come eat at Hot Party.. as I don't really want to torture my friend with this extreme spicy food. But I would keep Hot Party as my choice of late night eat after a really hot party somewhere!

Cash Only!"
"0.5 Star for free parking at the back lot
0.5 Star for the free wifi and the waitress did give me the password
0.5 Star for the free water and the menu

But we were left sitting there reading the menu, drinking our water, playing with my phone for over 10 minutes... I felt invisible, I felt helpless, I felt no one even see me when I tried to get the wait staff's attention?! 

So we drank our water and use the washroom... and walked out without even able to order and taste the food that Sugar Marmalade offers. 

We walked out and even no one noticed? Maybe I am really invisible..."
"WIFI makes me happy! 
CP24 makes other happy! 
Bubble Teas makes a lot of people happy! 

Bubble Tea and Me has all the above... 

Right next to Ginza Sushi, so you can always drop by after a late lunch and chill and hang around a little. Especially on a hot hot Summer day...and you just fight through the rush hour traffic on Yonge..coming inside the shade and the air conditioned room is such a treat. 

The deco is ancient Chinese theme.. with traditional Chinese chairs and have a lot of wooden cravings of Chinese legends on the wall. As Bubble Tea and Me Chinese's name is ""Terracotta Warriors"" . 

Here you won't hear Chinese pop songs, accompanied you will be the Top 100 hits from MTV and CP24 reminding you about the time and the weather or how busy the traffic outside! 

Sesames Smoothies ($3.99+$1) 
- makes with lactose-free milk 
- a little overly sweet as I drinking this liquid calories 

They do offers Cheesecake, Chocolate Fondue aside from Chinese, Taiwanese offerings as the clientele in the area is really mix... 

Now back to my photo uploading, and review writing!"
"There was no lines and I managed to get a seat. This first experience at Tsuijiri was great. Love my Shiratama Sundae. The matcha taste was strong and with a hint of sweetness.

Will I line up for more than 30 minute? Probably not. 

Give it a try if there is no lines and you love matcha. If not, I suggest a pass."
"Elegance Chinese Cuisine is definitely elegant!

High Ceiling with chandeliers, carpets so thick that I feel like I am walking on clouds. Everything scream classy! I did feel a little out of place with my yoga/exercise outfit and runners...

The menu here consist of all the high end items: shark fin, abalone, seafood and more. But there are also some down to earth normal Cantonese dishes that one can enjoy. Our waitress is sweet and profession, never try to push us to order the more expensive items even suggest that we ordered too much!

We shared:

Half Chicken finished with Hot Oil ($14.95)
- Chicken is tender and really tasty with this really delicate flavour
- Having a good chicken dish is really hard because of the lack of fresh chicken, this is one of the best Chicken I had..
- What on the side is surprisingly dried scallops...............
- The ginger and green onion dipping is really savoury 

Mushroom with Tofu ($13)
- Great mix of different type of mushrooms! I am a mushroom lover so I am bias.
- The tofu though has this deep fried outer layer but is just so silky inside

Szechuen Shrimp ($16)
- This is disappointing! The shrimps though are fresh and have great bite but just taste bland... 
- Failing in all area but I guess this is a Cantonese version of Szechuen Shrimps? 
- I would not suggest this dish at all!

Complimentary dessert is excellent to end the meal. A sweet soup and 3 different kind of pastries....

Services here definitely attentive and professional. 

Since this is still Elegance's soft opening, hopefully a separate menu of Daily Special will be offer. Right now the menu is really limited.

Dim Sum Monday to Friday before 11 am is $3 for S/M/L!! I want DIM SUM!!!!!!!!!!

Stay tuned for dim sum update!!

Bring cash for the time being as they still setting up their machines to accept credit cards/interac!"
"Brand New Coffee Culture location right at the corner of Keele and Major MacKenzie. 

Nicest staffs I ever encountered in a ""Franchise"" Cafe.. I was greeted so enthusiastically that I was a little taken back. The cashier was so nice and I ALMOST gave in when she asked me if I want a cookie, muffin, sweet...""oh they are really good!"" 

Cappuccino ($3.99) 
- the roast is a little too weak for my personal preference.. more like a cafe latte 

The staff was so nice, when I ask her where are the outlets for the electricity, she even walked around the shop and show me.. (+0.5 star) 

The interior is sparkling new... and just love the little armchair area with CP24 on! There are a lot of booth seatings... feels more like a eat in restaurant. 

Wifi is reliable and fast connection... really strong signal! :) 

The music though is like elevator music.. a little tad cheesy for my taste! 

Great late hours!"
"Kaori Japanese Restaurant is located across the street from Montana's Cookhouse and Kelsey's on Yonge, just north of hwy 7. 

They serves mainly Japanese food, however since they are owned by Korean, the menus does have some Korean selections too.

They do have lunch specials which is a $2 or so cheaper than during dinner time. They are just hiddlen somewhere in the regular menu. :) Lunch set starts at $8.95.

Dropped by for an early lunch at 11:30 pm, yes I am the first to arrive.. 1 minute after the place is open for lunch. 

I found the interior quite nicely decorated.. There are a lot of booth seatings that provide a lot of privacy and there are also some private room format seatings.

Decided on Sushi Lunch A($12.95) comes with miso soup, salad, Korean appetitizers and green tea ice cream. Everything so tasty and fresh. And love the green tea ice cream... 

BTW, there are a lot of single females coming for lunch there! Including me 4 tables! At least I don't feel like I am the only lonely one...

Services are quick and friendly!

They accepts all credit cards."
"I still remember the day when this Shell gas station used to be a dump! 

One of those with 4 pumps and a little box for the attendant. 

They torn down the whole station and rebuilt it into this huge huge Shell station!!

No line up for pumps

Right before going on 404

Bright lighting at night

I always fill up here before I hit the highway!!"
"I found a coupon of freebies sushi rolls in the magazine.. that's the reason that I went to Osaka.. If not I would not even know that it opened up recently in a little strip plaza on Hwy 7 just west of Markham road.

The storefront signs is so neat.. Osaka kept flashing and changing colours Red, Blue, Green...even the handwritten words on the daily special at the door front changes colour.

Inside is so nicely decorated. There are private booths on both sides and open seatings in the middle. I can tell they put in al ot of money and thoughts in the interior decorations. There are also a lot of Japanese deco everywhere.

The menu have both Japanese and Korean items with emphasis more on Japanese with sushi, sashimi, ramen, udon. 

We decided on Spicy Ramen with Pork ($7.95), Dragon Roll ($10.95) and Bibimb in a bowel ($10.95). For the free roll, salmon roll.

The salad and miso soup are quite standard. There are some banchan being served too.

Both sushi rolls are really nice and tasty, freshly made. The Bibimb has tons of fresh veggies inside, so colourfully presented. Though I would suggest the one served in hot pot since the rice is kind of cold. The BBQ pork in the ramen is really lean and tender, the noodles though not made inhouse but is not over cooked and still have that chewy bite.

The service is nice and friendly, feels like a little family runned place. 

We were the only table on a Sunday night at 8 pm..and no other customers came in... Feel so sorry for them. Hopefully, their business will pick up soon.

They do have lunch specials from 11 - 3 for around $8, I would definitely be back to try those out!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Running Free has all the shoes you might need for your running and cross training regimens.

It can be kind of overwhelming to walk into a store with all these shoes that are designed for different conditions:  trail running, midfoot running, sprinting, mid distance, long distance, cross country...and more.

The nice thing is the friendly staff can help you narrow down according to your need and budget. And you can even try a few pairs and trying jogging and running around a bit to find the perfect one that fit you.

If you are eyeing something that never ever go on sale, I suggest you wait till their 20% off Customer Appreciation sale which give you 20% off all regular priced merchandise. I like to pick up my Klean Kanteen and accessories here.

Check out what they have online for price comparison and then you can always pick up your order in store. But I definitely prefer to go in and try out the shoes and clothing before I buy!"
"I don't understand why the music is so loud here. 

Wednesday night this Earl's is almost empty... most of the patrons here were watching MLB playoffs. All these guys hanging out with guys. 

Maybe just an excuse for me to YELL at my Yelp Friend?! Or he just pretended that he cannot hear me...even I am yelling right into his face.

$5.50 a pint for Albino Rhino is decent, cold and refreshing. 

$3 off one pound of chicken wings on Wednesday but since it is on special, no raw veggie on the side. At first I thought the kitchen forgot, but apparently that's not the case. Talking about being cheap for a business of this size and price point? How much does those celery and carrot stick cost? 

Services was definitely show and indifferent. With no one greeted me or taking my orders for quite awhile... until the nice bartender hopped over to my table and take my order.

Probably won't be back! I do love Downtown's location with its huge patio, This location has nothing much to offer."
"2.5 star 

Sushi and Lunch Specials always been magnets for me.. my weakness!! I would walk in to most of the Japanese restaurants without giving it a second thought.. Of course the good reviews of Koganei on Yelp is another reason I am here for lunch! 

Sushi Lunch Specials ($11.95) 
- cabbage with mayo salad was a little disappointing, miso soup was lukewarm.. hmmm 
- nigri selection was really disappointing as well, I don't expect uni or toro..but tamago? fake crab? 
- The spicy salmon roll was pretty good...the 3 piece of California rolls was meh.. 

Nice decoration. Just love those red lanterns lining up the whole restaurant. The big windows let a lot of the natural sunlight filtering through. Soft Japanese songs accompanying my meal. While I am daydreaming about another trip to Japan, I was awakening and brought back to reality by the waitresses and sushi chefs discussing their personal life loudly in Cantonese.. thanks so much for sharing!"
"Spin Dessert Cafe makes my head and brain spins!! 

What should I have? Crepes? Waffles? Cakes? Ice Cream? 
What flavours? What fruits? 
Healthy choice or just indulge?? 
Hot or Cold Beverages? 

I gave up as usual.. and let my Yelp Friend decide whatever.. as long as there are no raisins in them... not too hard right?? 

Then he started singing ""Staying Alive"" ($9).. a huge serving of ice cream wrapped in crepes and sprinkled with almonds and chocolate covered rice crisps. I was glad that someone is sharing that with me, as I won't be alive too long if I going to eat that all by myself. 

The dessert though didn't really wow me, crepes itself was a little chewy and doughy... but sometimes food is not the only thing to make or break an experience. The services here was OK, the pinkish deco is feminine and cute (your sweetheart might like that) and what's better than sharing some sweets as a night cap to end the day or date?? 

Free WIFI just ask for the password!"
"Shangrila is an authentic Tibetan restaurant from the food, the service and the atmosphere.

Family own and runs, I feel like I am dining in a friend place and I did feel right at home and even fell asleep.. (Disclaimer: I was tired since I have been walking and drinking the whole day!)

Tibetan cuisine is quite simple since their climate and geography limited to what they able to produce. Flour, meat and root vegetables are common ingredients used as bases of most of the dishes.

Mixed Momo and Thenthuk (house made noodle in broth) both have this rustic home made feel. There is nothing fancy here but just something comforting.

Service is slow but friendly... or maybe the lighting was just too dim and I just feel too comfortable.. zzzzzz"
"Time for an update after all these years I had been having lunch and dinner at Osaka. Sadly, I have to downgrade the rating to a 3. 

For dinner experience on a weekend, it would barely be a 3 as service could be really slow and the quality of the food can be a hit or miss. Quite a few time I had sushi during lunch and the rice was not cooked properly. 

I still come once in awhile for lunch as they serves lunch till 3 pm and the restaurant usually quiet after 1:30 ish. But I have not been back for dinner for a few years."
"3.5 star

Stay Calm! And be in Harmony!

Opens at 6:30 am daily to fulfilled and stop my craving for rice rolls?! And during the breakfast hour, I can get a combo for $4.99 that includes a choice of any congee and rice roll!

Congee with Chicken Slices and Mushroom ($4.99)
- I love the congee base. The thick and smooth kind that I am used to!  do think the base is the most important part of the congee

Rice Roll with Dried Shrimps ($2.99)
- It was ok. It has the chewy texture which I like. 

Food over all is 3 star. But for them to open at 6:30 am well worth that extra 0.5 star.

They also serves hot pot rice for $9 and up with a double boiled daily soup. Make sure you try their house made chili oil: taste like XO sauce and really addictive!

Definitely worth giving this place a try if you like all these traditional Cantonese style comfort food."
"Definitely a 4 Star experience because of the selection of beers on taps! Here at Louis Cifer Brew Works, you can do a beer flight of 4 for $10 from any beers they have on taps. The selection is huge as this includes beers from other local breweries!

The vibe is friendly and inviting. Bartender is really knowledgeable and patience. So if you have any question about tasting profile or what to order, don't hesitate to ask.

We were here on a Friday around 4 pm and it was not busy but the place was packed when we leave at 6 pm! 

I cannot comment on the food as all I needed was beers!

Thai PA (Coconut Lemongrass)
Raspberry+Rosehip Hefe
Extra Special Bitter
Witcraft Belgian Wheat
Dark Horse Espresso Pale Ale
Original Sin Blonde
American Gothic Brown Ale
Oasthouse Crop Duster (The only one on my flight that is not by LCBW)

Love the catchy names. The Dark Hose Espresso has light with just a hint of coffee which was interesting and we enjoyed most of beers!

Definitely one of the better options for beer lovers if you are in The Danforth area. For real beer geek, The Only Cafe still a better choice. But if you want to have a place for a date night. LCBW probably will be a much better choice"
"3.5 Star

Simple menu with different versions of Gourmet Hot Dog. 

Round the Horn is a great neighbourhood pub if you want to meet up with friends, have a quick bite and catch a game.

Love the selections of local craft beer both in Tall Boys and drafts. Great to support local breweries!

$10 pint and dog during Blue Jays game!

And for the summer months, don't forget to visit the back patio.

Worth dropping by if you are in the neighbourhood."
"Bayview Food Mart used to be the to go Chinese grocery store in the area. One of the biggest back in the time of all these Mega chain like T & T, Foody Mart or Oriental Mart.

The products here though are quite reasonably priced and you can get your day to day products, but nothing too fancy and you won't find 50 different kind of Instant Cup Noodles.

A little dirty, a little messy and they don't accept credit cards."
"My first experience with Steam Whistle Pilsner was at a Yelp Elite Event. They has always been so supportive and provide us with their products at quite a few of the events I been to. 

Visiting the brewery was actually a lot of fun! I got to sample more of their Pilsner and see the actual brewing process. Unfortunately, my visit was on the weekend and no one were actually working...so it was more like visiting a museum. 

We did not even ask to pay for the tour.. the nice lady just offered us a glass of pilsner then just asked us to join the tour that started 5 minutes before we arrived. 

Then more drinks...and more beer... burp! burp! at the end of the tour the guide said if anyone that wants the souvenirs then they can go pay $10...We opt not to get any so we got a free tour with free sampling! :) Sweet! 

So definitely if you decide to come for a tour.. come visit during weekdays when some one are actually working and you can see how the brewery actually function!"
"Ichimoto is a Japanese restaurant runs and owns by Chinese. They are set up a little differently than the normal AYCE or a la Carte restaurants.

There are a menu for you to check off what you want to order just like AYCE but there are prices that starts from $1 next to the item you order. (I took a photo for the menu)

$1 items: Edmame, vegetable salad, ice cream.
$1.50 items: most grilled items, steamed egg, eel on rice 
$2.00 - $3.00 items for most sushi (2 pcs order) sashimi (4 pcs order) and hand rolls

They also have lunch combos for $7.99.

I ordered that combo A with Sashimi (12 pcs) and Cumber Avocado Roll (3 pcs) comes with soup and salad for $7.99. I also ordered a Eel hand roll.

The miso soup tasted pretty good with a lot of seaweed, not too salty and steaming hot.

The green tea they served me was quite good however was lure warm. I told the waitress and she got me a new pot that was hot right away. 

I am really disppointed with my Eel hand roll though! This is the first time I have a Eel hand roll with the rice that is warm...and with no sauce at all inside! And the eel is mostly skin and is so tiny piece of eel.....

The sashimi bento box has 4 types of fish: red snapper, salmon, surf clam and tuna. The red snapper is the best out of the 4... tuna not so fresh. The cumber rolls are pretty good, the rice are cooked perfectly and I can tell they are not pre made.

They also gave me a little salad appetitizer for free.

The services here are friendly and prompt. I was even offer extra miso soup which I decline.

They also give me 10% off my total bill...that is a great gesture!

I would definitely come back and try out from the other menu which is a lot more interesting than my sashimi bento box!

Cash ONLY!"
"Chatime seems to be popping up everywhere now. 

This location is great if you are in the Yonge/Finch area as it is just south of the Finch Subway Station.

Parking might be an issue, but here are paid meter parking right outside the store (free parking after 10 pm) 

I guess I was lucky to be here on a weekday afternoon with practically no one around.. no line and I got served immediately.

Just like most of the Chatime I am been to, the staff here never looks like they are happy to work here... 

I do my Roasted Milk Tea with Pearls ($4.70+$0.50). 

PS They have donuts for sale too... I don't know if I really want a donut with my bbt though.."
"Riverdale Public Library located right at Toronto Chinatown East has been serving the community for over 100 years!

Talking about being historical!! Of course the interior of the library had went through a few renovations over the years, but the facade still stayed intact. 

In 2006, the building itself also been classified as Heritage structure by Heritage Toronto.

I like the Library and what the renovation done to it. But since it is located in the middle of Chinatown East, it has a different vibe than other libraries I been to. But it is a great local branch that serves the neighbourhood well with a lot of Chinese language books and program!"
"Stinky Tofu....The whole event just smell like Stinky Tofu...I can smell it even at the underground parking lot!! That's just insane!

Richmond Hill Summer Carnival is like a night market with food vendors plus on stage competition and performers. A lot smaller scale than the other Night Market but the good thing about this is there are tons of parkings and no lines for anything.

Similar food vendors as other events selling BBQ skewers, Pineapple drinks, Bubble Tea, Stinky Tofu and Takoyaki.

Good to pop by if you have the cravings for the tofu..but if you are not into that, stay away... STAY FAR AWAY!!"
"We need Chocolate for every Festivalities and Celebrations!

- Valentine Day
- Easter
- Mother Day
- Father Day
- Graduation
- Thanksgiving
- Halloween
- Christmas/New Year Holiday

and of course Birthdays and Anniversaries!! Or just for yourself!!

And Lindt Chocolate Boutique has chocolate packaged according to the season and the reason!

Those Jack O Lantern chocolate so cute... and I would have love to receive those if I go trick or treat!

And of course buying chocolate at a discount?! Extra discount if you buy more?! Do I need anymore excuse to stock up?

Tips: make sure to double check the expiry date!"
"Aurora/Newmarket area residents are so lucky to have Hot Yoga Aurora in their community! 

We dropped by for a 11 AM class on a weekday using our Passport to Prana. We felt so welcomed and I can tell the staffs are so proud of their studio and she even tell us to come back for another complimentary class as a first timer even after we used our passport this time!

The waiting area though small but very intimate... and nicely decorated.

Hot Yoga Aurora though small in size.. only 1 practice room.. but not small in amenities! The best equipped studio I been too:

- 2 showers, 2 hairdryers
- shampoos, conditioners, shower gel, body lotions
- hair gel, hairspray, hair clips, hair ties
- even tampons! :) 
- little lockers with keys for your valuables
- cold filtered water to fill up your water bottles
- hot water if you want to make a cup of tea with their tea bags
- mats if you need one
- cut up mats in the class as cushions for your knees

They also has hot pilates classes using Pilate balls... that must be a great core strengthening class!

I would have give this place more star but I was a little disappointed with my instructor.. she seemed to be a little unorganized and since it is only a 75 min class, she did not really have a lesson plan so we did not work on inversions and did not really stretch before the end of class because we ran out of time! After the balancing poses, she suddenly said time for Savasana??

I will be back for another class and hopefully I will have a different yoga practice experience as I think it is definitely an important aspect to rate a yoga studio!"
"I don't usually drink Soda...as I don't feel comfortable with the idea of drinking liquid calories and sugar that is not really good for one health...

But when I walked in to Soda Pop Central, I saw the couple hundreds of different Soda Pop collections.. calories and sugar content is the last thing I have in mind.. I want to try them all!! :)

Just browsing through their inventory, I really have a really hard time to narrow down what I want to buy..almost all the selections are under $2.. so it is really affordable!

Now I think next time I travel, I will try to look for some local soda that are unique and specials.. but for the time being, I will just pick up a few bottle of soda and enjoy!

The staffs here are really nice and helpful...asking what I am looking for.. I really don't know what I am looking for.. I did not dare to ask if there are some healthy soda she can recommend! :)"
"I have never been to The Good Son's original Queen Street West location and this is the first time I have a taste of what they offers at this Assembly Chef's Hall.

We shared 

Spicy Sopressata ($18) ~ Anaheim Chili, Sun Dried Olives

As the pizza is hand-tossed and made-to-order, it did take 10-15 minute for our pizza to be ready even when the place was not too busy. Make sure you are not in a rush to get back to work.

Pizza has a nice thin charred crust. A little bit of spiciness from chili and a little bit of savory from olives.

Perfect for sharing. Or of course you can eat that pie and called it a happy meal.

Selection here though limited to pizza but I hope there will be some other options in the future."
"I really feel like a child going into a Candy store when I walked into Old Firehall Confectionery... 

But I really walked into a Candy Store.. an Ice Cream Parlour.. a Chocolate Shoppe...a Dessert Shop...and more.. 

Just picking what truffle or Chocolate to try out was NOT a easy task... over 50 different flavours.. and they all look so good........ 

Ended up I limit myself to 3 mini flavours ($1.29) 
- Chili, Green Tea and Raspberry/Mango.. they looked so pretty and tasted good too! 

Cookies on a stick?? Just like a big lollipop!! Oh and I was limited myself to just one... with 5 different flavours to pick from! 

Peanut Butter Cookies Dipped in Dark Chocolate ($1.99) 
- My 2 favourite thing all in one.. need I say more!! 

All my treats were nicely packaged for my enjoyment later... and I almost treat myself to their Hot Chocolate when the girl asked if I want one! But that and the ice cream will have to wait till my next visit!"
"889 Yonge is really an Oasis for yoga and spa fans alike!

I went on a Monday night a FREE first class! Yes it is really free! No one trying to sell me any packages... The receptionists was so nice showing me where the rooms were and offer me sandals to walk around.

They have 2 practice rooms. I was attending a restorative class and the room is quite spacious with all the props set up in a nice mahagony cabinet. There are free yoga mats, free towels, free mat cleaner spray to use! 

I have to tell you this place is popular! The class is packed! I love my restorative class! The instructor and the assistants came around and adjust everyone and make sure we have the proper alignment. There are bolsters, blankets, strips and my favourite EYE PILLOWS! The lighting is soft, that make the class so relaxing!

The waiting area is really nice too.. with hot tea, water and magazines you free to enjoy while you wait for the class.

They also has excellent spa products to use in the washroom/change room! I love the smell of spa! and all the hand creams and soap...

BTW, they no longer provide free yoga mats starting April 2010. So bring your own or rent one from them for $2.00."
"Butter Tarts?!

$7 for 6 butter tarts which you can pick a combination of flavours: maple walnuts, plain and pecan.

I love the caramelized filling of maple walnut which seems to be the best out of the 3 we picked! The crust though is quite buttery but not too heavy!

Not the best I had, but quite decent!

Applewood bakery though located in Applewood Village Mall which is a strip mall that I never would have visited or make a special trip to.... But if you live in the area, maybe you pick up other baked goods like sweet bread, custard tarts, apple strudel and more!"
"What better than taking a Restorative yoga class at the end of the day! Not too many yoga studios in the GTA area offers a Restorative class at 8:50 pm! Great to go after you have a dinner and ready have some relaxation before bed time. 

Larry is the instructor for this particular class. He is well knowledge and giving us a lot of insight in different poses and teach us how to relax........ sigh.. I wish I can do that every night before going to sleep! 

The room is well ventilated with cool breezes from the open window.. I felt like I am lying underneath the star with the wind caressing me! 

Passport to Prana is welcomed with open arms in this location!"
"Golden Plaza Food Mart has been around for as long as I can remember, might be even as long as ""Golden Plaza"" exist?

Through all these years, it still looks exactly the same as no renovation has ever done.. ever! Maybe for nostalgic reason, it is the only reason to come and see how Asian grocery markets used to be before all these T&T, Foody Mart and Oriental Mart starts popping up all over the area.

You do get the most basic selection here but nothing more. 

But the parking here is just horrible since it shares with numerous restaurants and medical offices, even getting into the parking lot can be a pain. 

No credit card accepted.. cash for sure is the preferred forms of payment.

Cashiers here though friendly but quite persistent in trying to sell you things that you don't want or need?"
"Even with all these hate with flying Air Canada but I had such a good experience flying the new 787 Dreamline Fleet from Zurich to Toronto.

Entertainment System had a total upgrade compares to the older fleet: 16X9 screen perfect for movie watching! Interactive menu even let you play games against fellow passenger. Menu for your flight also available in the system and the description is a little more than Chicken or Pasta....

More leg room great for long haul. The window shades are semi-opaque and letting a little of sunlight coming through with different shade of blues.

There are only limited routing that 787 flying and hopefully more of the older planes would be replaced by 787"
"This Second Cup is located at Warden and Hwy 7. 

Have a hour to kill till feeding time after shopping at Shopper's and Future Shop, I decide to come here for some Internet time.. oh yes a coffee time! 

I almost walked in to the Pub right next door...I think I am definitely still in my NYC vacation mood.. having some pre dinner drink early afternoon.. 

This Second Cup is one of the cleaner one I visit.. I have to admit that Starbucks staffs does work harder in terms of whipping down tables and cleaning out the garbage. 

Tons of outlets!! They even have this multi outlets power bars, though located at the back of the shop, at least I won't feel desperate when my laptop is running low.. 

No sofa or armchair seating though... but at least the chairs here are all cushioned... you know what I mean if you sit on a wooden chair for over 1 hour!! 

Staffs are nice and friendly... and laughed at my silly jokes! 

I am so surprised that no one in the area has write a review.. so I got my FTR too!!"
"This review is for a pre dinner drink and snack on the patio of Jack Astor's.

Beer selection here is quite decent for Richmond Hill, especially compares to other chain restaurants that shares the same parking lot! A stamp of approval from my Yelp Drinking Buddy the Beer Maven. 

We drank beers and shared a Gaucho Fries ($6.83) -  Yukon Gold fries tossed with mozzarella cheese and a semi-sun-dried tomato and garlic chimichurri sauce, parsley and feta cheese.

Nothing too amazing but the patio is nice and spacious.

I will always in for another drink before patio season ends!"
"My experience at this Chatime was really good.

There was no one really here and no lines and all the tables were empty when I came here to pick up my drink.

My Large Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jello Slightly Sweetened No Ice ($4.70) was really really good. I just drank it so fast at my desk at work. I think I can even ask my less sweetness next time but I love grass jello!

I would have never ever wait for 2 hour for this for sure, seriously! 

Best time to come is before 2:30 pm on weekdays if you want to have absolutely no wait and even can chill out at empty seating area."
"Congee Me though calling itself ""congee"" is not the usual Cantonese congee. The congee serves here is Millet Rice Congee which is suppose to be healthier and more nutritious.

Congee Me though calling itself ""congee"" restaurant, there is only 5 different congee to choose from plain, purple rice, pumpkin, vegetables and pork/thousand year old eggs. The focus of the menu is on the noodles, rice dish, snacks and house made buns.

Pumpkin Congee ($0.99) 南瓜粥 - have tons of pumpkin puree and quite filling
Pork and Leek Bun ($0.99) 韮菜豬肉包 - steaming hot and juicy and savoury!
Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce ($3.99) 川北涼粉- not spicy enough and noodle a little too soggy

I definitely would come back to order congee again with some snack. Great as a light lunch or midnight snack. But seriously, they opens till 5 am?!!!"
"Savoury Grounds was one of those unplanned Coffee stops which I have been having a lot lately.. 

Small Cappuccino in a big mug for ($2.50).. pretty good value... The roast itself was quite good, but I found it a little too foamy 

The back of the store where that they set up the actual roaster was more cozy but lack electric outlets.. so if you have a laptop, I suggest park yourself either in the bar stools facing the street or the smaller tables in the front. 

The services we received was friendly and nice.. so I have no complaints at all!"
"When I walked into Carberry Soap Co, I know I heart this place... Everything is so pretty and smell so good and delicious!

Those cupcakes looking bath bombs will be perfect for my cupcake baking friend as they looks like cupcakes and smell like one too... Creme Brulee or Double Chocolate?

Great selections of homemade soaps that smells and will make you smells so good too. Goat milk? Ocean Breeze? Fruity Goodness? Or if you want some really pretty ones that has patterns inside? Great for gift giving! If you are not sure what you want, the friendly staff can give you a free sample or give you some recommendations!

And do you rather made your own?? I think soap making maybe easier than baking?? Carberry Soap does offers classes. or better yet book a private sessions as a Girl's Night Out or Birthday Party. 

If you are looking for deals.. there are some odd and ends soaps outside the store for $7.5/lb...."
"I love Specials.. Especially Lunch Specials...

Lime Leaf takes Specials to the max.. as not only you can get good specials during lunch, in fact they have ALL DAY SPECIALS!

Malay Mee Goreng with Spring Roll or Soup ($6.95)
- Spring roll was so good... freshly deep fried to just light golden brown.. crispy on the outside and steaming hot vegetables filling inside
- Mee Goreng is not bad... a little on the oily side...with a good mix of veggie..what lacking is some fresh chilli 
- I was trying to ask the waitress for some dried chili flakes to spice up the dish a little.. but she just pointed to the chili oil on the table.. oh ok! 

Thai Ice Tea ($2.50)
- Nice and refreshing... not overbearingly sweet... 

Good Value, Nice Deco... I definitely recommend giving Lime Leaf a try if you in the area... though it is not the best Thai/Malaysian restaurant in Toronto but good if you want something decent..."
"Markham Esso is located at the South West Corner of Markham Road and 16th Avenue.

Though it is open 24 hours, I never like fuelling up here when it is late at night.

Dim lighting just made me feel uncomfortable. 

Aside from that, turning right or left onto 16th can be such a pain because one cannot see the on coming traffic."
"If you want to go shopping without buying anything,

If you want to feel depressed,

If you want to feel like you are lost in a bazaar in a far far away land,

Come to Malvern Town Center.

Maybe I was lucky to be here during their Side work Sale... even on a weekday afternoon this place was crowded... Not because it was full of anxious bargain shoppers, just all the stores have all their good out in the middle aisle and I just kept on bumping into everything (I know I am clumsy....)

I know I am in Scarborough... but I don't really want to shop in the dozen of dollar/bargain stores that all has similar products or do I want to buy tops here that  looks the same for $10? 

I was looking for food, but all they have is McDonald's, Pizza Pizza, KFC, Taco Bell, Panda but I guess at least they are typical fast food and make a quick cheap meal.

I think I will skip Malvern Town Centre, it is just not for me!"
"This HomeSense has such a great Pet supply selections!

Clothes, treats, toys, shampoo, bowls... I am really impressed! Price wise they are decent too! Especially on their beauty products which are 50% less than the regular pet shops I been to!

The merchandise are well organized, the shelves are all well stocked! Perfect for the holiday shopping season!

I ended up buying something nice for myself, not for my dog!

The lady that cashed me out was nice and pleasant.. The lines moved fast..

I would definitely come back when I am in the area!"
"On the Bean is a nice and cozy neighbourhood cafe. A coffee shop where everyone knows everyone!

You can just chill here reading one of the hundred books they have, play broad games, surf the internet using free wifi, gossip with your friends, daydream on the patio and of course drink a cup of coffee....

Cappuccino ($3) and Americano ($2.25) both decently made, but I enjoyed my Americano a lot more!

Hidden at the back of the plaza with limited open hours since it is a small family business by a nice Chinese couple!

Homemade daily soups, today special: Butternut Squash, Hot and Sour and Chicken Wonton."
"A new halal burger takeout joint in Scarborough, in the land where Asian food rules!!

While I still in bed thinking ""What Should I Eat"" for lunch, my Yelp Friend messaged me about Big Moe's  Burgers ""Pay What You Want"" Grand Opening Specials! Now I know where I will be going for lunch!

Big Moe's is located just south of Pacific Mall (Asian food is calling my name!) in the strip mall next to Petro Canada.

So the deal is I suppose to eat either a Hamburger ($4.79) or a Cheeseburger ($5.79) and pay them what I think its worth. So I am thinking should I pray that it is so tasty or it is so crappy so I don't pay at all?

Big Moe's has the similar concept like Burger Priest, fresh grounded beef patties with no fillers and pan fried on a flat grill. Should I feel good about this or not?! As I am not a big fan of Burger Priest!

The burger turned out tasted so delicious and quite sizable compare to Burger Priest. The complains I have would be that my beef patty was a little overcook and it was flattened too much and most of the meat juice got squeezed out!

I saw that Big Moe's offers Funnel Cake and I decided to give it a try. But disappointingly their funnel cakes are not good.

6"" Funnel Cake with a touch of Icing Sugar ($3.99) was one of the worst one I had. The cook admit that she has not master the skills as my cake had all the dough stuck together while it was frying.... sigh.. I want Wonderland Funnel Cake!!

The staffs here really care about the customers and their products and hopefully in time everything would be prepare the way it suppose to be!"
"A good place for dim sum. All the dim sums are made to order and all fresh and tasty! I prefer the made to order VS the pushing carts!

I love their seafood soup dumpling, they bring out a little burner to keep the content hot!

Golden Court does get busy on weekends with a long wait for tables.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"This is one of the three Hong Kong Style cafes in this plaza right at the corner of Kennedy and Bur Oak.

The lunch special menu here is quite limited to just a handful of choices but you can always order from the regular menu.

Full of high school students so noise level can be quite high.

My lunch for $4.99 that includes a drink is ok, great for a light lunch.

The seating is quite comfortable and with free Wifi access just ask for the password.

Afternoon tea set has way better selections so I probably be back for that instead of lunch.

Cash only!"
"Though I am not Scottish, but I do enjoy a lot of Scottish things including Scotch Whiskey and more.

Here at The Scottish Company, you can find a lot of Scottish Imports : Kilts, Lambswool clothing and accessories and food items.

Though they don't have actual Whiskey but how about Whiskey fudge? And some Pie?

Friendly Service and you can even rent a Kilt for that special occasion."
"Noodle Soup, I do love my noodle soup.

I love that there are so many different choices from this little shop in the FMP food court. The hard part is properly decide on what to get?? If you are not a noodle fan, there are bento rice box to choose from too.

During lunch rush, this is one of the most popular stalls in FMP so it will take awhile for the food to get ready 15 min+. 

Worth trying as this is one of the better options in the food court!"
"I don't visit Whitby often. Usually I am here because my camera has some issue and I need to bring it in for factory warranty work. For every time I am in the neighbourhood, I always try to go to a ""new"" restaurant I never been with recommendation from my Yelp App. So that's how I ended up at KB.

For lunch you can either order from the Main menu or their limited lunch menu with a sandwich for $12 or an entree for $15.

Fried Chicken with Side Salad($15) - Nappa Cabbage-Apple Slaw/Sweet Chili Glaze/Toasted Almond

Crispy Chicken is definitely my weakness. 

The dinner menu is really promising and I guess I need to come back again.

KB also serves coffee from local coffee roaster Treblicock which is my favourite coffee beans supplier. 

So next time, I need to have a cocktail and a coffee to end my meal!"
"I went to Hazelton Manor for a wedding banquet and the experience was excellent.

Parking lot is huge as I had no problem finding a parking space even I arrived 30 minute after the reception started. 

The event space itself is huge as it can accommodate more than 2 events at the same time with separate entrance, reception area and washrooms.

The decor is classy and elegant. Nothing too bright and flashy.

Usually I complain about banquet food but the food served here was quite decent. The bartenders at the open bar were efficient and polite. The only complaint probably the waitstaff which was not as professional and seasoned. 

Soundproofing might also be an issue as I could hear the heavy bass music from the ballroom next door."
"3 Brewers though is a franchise but maybe the only Brewery Pub in the area.

Disclaimer: I was lurked in by the promise of free tasting of every single beer on tap and a neighborhood beer which is unique to each location.

Since it just opens yesterday, everything is new including all the staff. Excited and eager to please.

Great spot to come for a pint or 2. And of course some snack too!

Neighborhood Beer is Postal Farmhouse Ale (Richmond Hill)"
"Nice, bright and spacious! 

Great to have a coffee break while people watching. Love the huge window front with the bar seating!

And of course they serving Pilot Coffee too!"
"Running Pig is worth visiting if you want to pick up some Taiwanese style bento box. The menu is simple as you just choose your protein. Pig trotters and knuckles are their specialties! Those are braised for hours with their special recipe.

#4 Braised Pork Chop Bento was disappointing. The pork chop was battered and fried before putting in the braising sauce. The sauce is tasty but the batter was gooey and soggy since it was in the sauce for so long. I would not recommend that and would not order that next time.

The sides are good. I would have ate the bento with just the sides instead.

#3 Pork Hock Bento = Pork Belly. I think I would give that a try next time.

Service is fast and friendly. 

Cash Only!"
"This Starbucks has totally a different vibes compare to most of the Starbucks I been to... 

You won't find teens hanging out here studying or hanging out with their friends.....not a lot of people parking themselves here for hours just to use the WIFI...

Here people pop in and out before or after they get off the Mississauga buses... and everyone seems to be in a rush.. some even with suitcases... 

We were just one of them.. popping in here as a Pit Stop to use the washrooms and have a quick coffee before our next destination...."
"Sometimes I just want a simple and affordable Chinese meal, Sun Star Chinese Cuisine is not a bad choice.
 
You can find all the typical Cantonese dishes at good prices ($7 and up) and the portion is good for small group. 

I would not make a special trip to eat here but if you are in the area, it is a good choice for traditional down to earth Chinese food. There's not that many in the area anymore.

Closes at 11 pm but the plaza gets really quiet on weekdays so they lock their front door, just wave and they will let you in!"
"You won't walk by Cobs Bread without noticing it! 

That sweet smell of freshly baked bread just lingers in the air.....

The store does get pretty busy especially when EPI is not open but the line moves fast.

Great to pick up some freshly baked bread, rolls and some scones.

Those Hot Cross Buns in several different flavours for Easter just looks so adorable!"
"I usually avoid most BBT places during prime time so I never have any issue with long wait or lines. 

Arriving at Chatime on a weekday around 3:30 pm. The parking lot was half full. There were a few people waiting around in a really small space with narrow alley. I really not sure where the line and who were waiting to order or pick up. It did feel a little disorganized.

My usual Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jello was made well. Just like all other ones I ordered from other Chatime's location.

I cannot imagine how unpleasant it would be during peak hour. I would definitely avoid."
"If you live in Aurora/Newmarket area, Upper Canada Mall is the ""BEST"" mall for shopping/hanging out!!

The new section of the Mall is really nice with tons of skylights... feel upbeat and in a good mood just to walk around there... Food court here is huge with tons and tons of seatings!!

Aerie, Coach, Apple Store, Lululemon and a lot of others for your browsing pleasure..."
"LOCAL Public Eatery was highly recommended by a friend Pauline W so we decided to come by for a night cap.

Parking on the weekend though might be an issue as the lot has limited parking spaces. I have to fight for the last one with my friend. Aside for that I had a good experience.

Local beer on taps though limited but I like how they are on a rotation so I can look forward to something seasonal and different next visit. And if you prefer wine, they have wines on taps too. The bartender here is high energy and friendly. Ready to give you some recommendations or a sample before you placed your drink order. 

For the sport fans, there are quite a few TVs in the bar/dining area so you won't be missing any actions. And they even have a rooftop patio area for the warm summer days.

$5.50 for a pint is quite reasonable priced for a craft beer. 

I cannot comment on the food as that would be another review if my friend would invite me to join her again for a bite at LOCAL."
"Second Cup is usually my usual hangout but sometimes it is good to have a change of scene.

This Second Cup is located at the corner of York Mills and Bayview.

A mix of patrons on this Sunny weekday afternoon. The crowd is a little more mature and a lot of gossips going on... you kind of force to listen in because the tables are set really close.

There are a few electric outlets along the side wall... get those tables if you need to charge up your laptop..

A chatty crowd.. I just trying to tone them all out.

Cheerful staff, even complimented on my choice of brew... Blend 35... in fact it is quite good not as bold as the ones at Starbucks!"
"This place has the best steamed chives and pork dumplings!!
So yummy and the inside are fill with soup!! The wrappings are thin and light, not like the other dumplings place!

I really enjoy their beef noodle. The soup has so much favour and the noodle is just the perfect texture!

I have to say Ding Tai Fung is the best Shanghai restaurant in the area!"
"NCIX has opened up a few retail stores in GTA. It is really a web-based computer hardware retailers that concentrated their sales and effort in Greater Vancouver Area but now they are trying for the GTA market.

The website is really helpful and informative... it is great to do all the research online, do price comparison and then now you can in fact go into a store and talk to someone face to face if you have questions.

Dropped by the store on a cold winter night and they do have notebook, desktop and accessories on display... price seems to be inline with other stores...

The reason I giving NCIX a 3 star is because the sale associates here were super nice... even I look like someone not going to buy anything or not even know what I am looking for... he came over and gave me a desktop calender. I know it does not worth much... but it is really the thoughts that count??!

Now at least I have a good impression of the business and if I am looking for something... NCIX will be one of the business I will consider!"
"Thanks for Vivek for making a reservation .. seems like even on a Tuesday night, we still need a reservation and a secret code or something to get into Goodnight Bar!

One of the Yelpers in our group was freaking out when we turned into this dark, dirty alley with all these graffiti I have to say this one of the most secretive Speak Easy Bar I have been to in Toronto......

No Photos!! All the other yelpers warned me... I would not embarrass them... so I was a good girl.... just enjoying the vibe and the roomy interior. The interior is really dark anyway, I don't think any of my photos would have turn out even if I did take any!

The prices of the drinks are in line with the Speak Easy bar I been in NYC, in the $15 price range.... They were quite good and well crafted as cocktails but just lack some creativity!

Thanks Steph C for buying me my birthday drink Blue Moon ($13)! 

BTW, make sure you bring CASH! In order to pay with your Visa or Mastercard, you will have to have a total bill of $100 and over! I don't think I can drink $100 here since I would have to have at least 5 cocktails.. and trust me, you don't really want to see me after I had those 5 drinks!

Goodnight Bar is a great place for date or a small group get together! Just make sure you make a reservation! 

Shhhhh...... I did take 2 blurry photos at the entrance..... I hope I am not in trouble......"
"This is the nicest FV Foods location I have been to and matter of fact might be the best Filipino's bakeries, hot table, grocery all in one place I have been to in Toronto!

Eating the Buko Pandan Salad ($2.50) as a takeout  while writing this review is definitely enjoyable! I don't know why it is call a salad, but it is really a traditional Filipino dessert and is really tasty!

Here at this FV Foods you can pick up everything really authentic freshly prepared Filipino treats and they even have a hot table if you want to get some hot food to eat in the small eating area or order a party tray for dinner.

Just be warn, this place can be quite busy...as I feel like half of the Filipinos in the here were here.. I even ran into a few of my friends!!

They accepts cash, debit and credit!

Back to eating my SALAD!"
"Visiting Museum of Inuit Art is quite a refreshing experience especially when the weather is hot and humid. 

The cool and white and glossy surrounding gave me a feeling that I am in the Arctic.. icy, cold and the crisp smell of coldness... 

Exhibitions has interesting sculptures and crafts and it is good way to learn about the Inuit History. 

Free Admission on certain days, at least on the day I was there! Great to browse around!!"
"Maxx Seafood & Grill is one of the newly open restaurants in the 404 and Hwy 7 area. This used to be Cafe Mirage and Maxx kept almost the same layout and deco... the only difference is the menu and of course that tank of live lobsters at the corner.

As implied by the name, the menu are Seafood based with an international twist. You will find Thai, Chinese and Italian interpretations of different dishes.

As usual, my DC ordered: (Yes you know it!)

Linguine Fruitti di Mare in Tomato Sauce ($16.95)
- quite good at the price point: shrimp, scallops, calamari, fish, clams, mussels 
- the request for rose sauce based to be replaced with the light tomato sauce was accommodated
- pasta was prepared al dente

Baked Oyster in Garlic and Herbs ($4.95)
- not bad... but nothing special
- Oyster was fresh but I probably would not order that again

Lobster Bisque ($8.95)
- has really nice aroma of lobster and not too salty
- There are quite a few pieces of lobsters inside, but they were a little overcooked

Services is excellent. I like how the waiter went through the Daily Specials with pricing.. as I hate surprises.

Oysters are $2 each, I think I will go back to try that again... maybe with a glass of sparkling wine...."
"Patisserie Gateau is really another Chinese Bakery that selling Chinese buns and pastry along side with HK style milk tea and other drinks.

Aside from the usual pineapple buns and BBQ porks buns, you can also get a drink and bun/sandwiches from $1.80, great afternoon tea options.

Patisserie Gateau does carry some European style pastries. It is just a looks and feels a little sketchy as a Patisserie :P."
"The retail store of Kakayo Chocolate Company had been closed since April 2010....

Retail Store Closure Announcement

It is sad for me to announce that I had decided to close my retail shop at 
1584 Queen Street East
as of April 4th at 3pm.  Being 9.5 months pregnant I had decided that the best thing for me to do is to take maternity leave for a year so that I can focus my attention on my baby (expectant due date: April 23, 2010).  Initially, I had considered taking three months off and bringing a play pen to the shop.  But I knew that deep down I would be doing a dis-service to both my customers and my new baby.  

With that being said, I still plan on working part time with my wholesale accounts (BMS Resources and Nature's Emporium), farmers markets (Brick Works and Riverdale Farms), catering/wedding orders, events and online orders.  Being self employed you never really stop working but this option does allow me to have a flexible schedule.  

The future plan is to open another retail location however opening dates and location has not been considered as of yet.  

I would like to thank you all for your support over the past years.  I will truly miss interacting and chatting with you.  Please feel free to contact me directly at anytime if you have a chocolate craving.

Sincerely,

Colleen Wong-Sala

Kakayo Chocolate Company"
"Konner Chinese Restaurant is located at a brand new plaza at Midland and Finch, right in between Scarborough Villa and Finch Midland Centre.

The plaza is practically empty, with no stores!! You will have no problem finding parking at all! :)

The restaurant is nice and clean since it is only a few week old? The waitstaffs are friendly but be prepare to practice your Mandarian! (But they do understand English!)

The menu is mainly consider of Northern Chinese Food, with over 75% are spicy!! YEAH!! But you can alter less or more by requesting!

We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles ($2.99), Fern Root Noodles($6.99) and Smelly Tofu($8.99) which are all spicy.

Dan Dan Noodles comes in a small bowl with the right touch of spiciness and a little bit of sauce. Since it is a cold dish, I found it quite refreshing! 

Fern Root Noodles.. looks not too good in presentation! hmmmm dark gray noodles all mixed up with hot sauce, pepper, garlic, vinegar. It is not too spicy but the taste is quite complex and interesting!

The Smelly Tofu, ok it is served on a sizzling pan... the tofu are black in colour.. black coloured tofu! Yes it is quite smelly... and you will have to get use to the taste. Either you like you or you cannot stand it!. The sauce is spicy too and cover in green pepper.. I would not say I loved it.. but it is really an acquired taste!

There are so many interesting items on the menu.. something you cannot get in other Northern Chinese Restaurant. e.g Deep Fried Pig Blood Balls! Some of the Chinese names I could not even pronunce.

I would definitely come back to try some of them out! Especially those with 3 chilli!!

They do have lunch specials for $4.99 that comes with a soup or soy milk drink.

They accepts Visa or Mastercard with bills of $30 or more! So if you want to use your credit card, be prepare to eat more!"
"Mirak Korean Restaurant is located in the food court of T&T Middlefield and Steeles.

The menu here are really simple, with 10 permanent selections displayed in the lightbox with photos and a few hand written ones like Cold Noodles that changes depends on the season and availability.

The Korean lady that took my order is really nice and soft spoken. She is the one that took my order and prepared my food this early lunch time yes I was there for lunch at 11:15 am.

The Soft Tofu Soup ($6.99) requested extra spicy is quite good. Not as good as Tofu Village or Buk Chang Dong Soon. It is made seafood based with shrimps, fish and octopus with the egg cracked inside. It is A-OK and the tofu is quite silky.

The rice they served is white rice.. boo.... I hardly touch that. They only have Kimchi for banchen. The kimchi is not spicy at all...  -0.5 star

They accept cash only!"
"When I think about First Markham Place, I think about Food Food Food and more food!! It is like a giant Food Court, anything Asian you can find it here!

Most of the restaurants here are reasonably priced and being in such a competitive environment, all of them have to be excellent and good value if not they won't be in business for long...... the turnover of business here is so fast and frequent!!

Parking can be a hassle on weekend, but this is nothing when compare to Pacific Mall!! I love to come here whenever I have no idea what I am going to have for lunch, and I always find something to eat!!!"
"Air Canada is always my to go airline to USA if I want to fly direct. The routes they have is decent and get me from point A to point B without any hassle.

The $25 each for check bag for North American flights didn't bother me as much as now I try to pack light and that's much easier for travelling and less chance for my luggage to get lost! (I have been on AA and CX flights when my checked luggage didn't even get on the plane!)

Food on the plane always sucks anyway...so might as well just skip that! I rather eat real food when I arrive at my destinations! 

I guess I am stuck with Air Canada... so might as well stop complaining and enjoy the ride."
"The Family Combo for Two ($20) at Golden Shanghai Restaurant is a good value. 

For that price, one can pick a soup, a dim sum item and 2 dishes from a choice of 8.

We ended up sharing:

Hot and Sour Soup
Steamed Pork Soup Dumpling
Sweet and Sour Fish
Spicy Minced Beer with Beans

The Hot and Sour Soup was pretty good, portion was large with a lot of ingredients. The skin of the soup dumplings though was really thick and doughy. The entree dishes were quite good.

Service definitely lacking as the restaurant was really understaffed.

I might be back to try out other food. But Golden Shanghai Restaurant is not my usual place to go for good Shanghainese food!"
"2.5 star

Armando's always look empty doesn't matter when I walked by, drove by... And with the low rating from Yelp, I would probably would not be coming here if not for the Teambuy coupon...

The interior is nicely decorated with a Tuscany countryside feel... pretentiously rustic... 

The lone waitress was nice and welcoming.. and we received excellent service.

Caesar Salad ($6.50)
- Fresh and crispy... A-OK

Linguine Alla Pescatore ($18) - fresh shrimp, scallops, & mussels with linguine pasta, tossed in a light spicy tomato sauce
Shrimp Penne Arrabiata ($10) - fresh shrimps and penne tossed in a very spicy tomato sauce
- I found the fault is in the sauce... it just tasted canned... and really Americanized/Canadianized... just not really Italian Authentic
- Portion wise for the Linguine Alla Pescatore is pretty small... may I suggest Armando's use a bigger plate and improve on the presentation
 
Tiramisu ($6)
- MEH!! MEH!! Not worth my calories and my while.... supermarket version and with supermarket quality to match

Cafe Latte ($3)
- really really light roast, my dinner mate likes that.. 

I feel for Armando's!  But they really lacking something to make it worth my money and time to come and eat here and pay full price for the experience.

SKIP!!"
"MSG Alert!!

If you are allergy to MSG, don't even bother ordering their ""Hot Pot""!!

Mix Vegetable & Pork Hot Pork ($12.99) is tasty because of the massive MSG they put in. I have the typical MSG reaction the whole night... not even drinking a whole litre of water help. And I thought I am immune to MSG with all these years of eating out.. and boy am I wrong!

The dumplings still great...but just make sure don't order any of those ""Hot Pots""!"
"Cafe Mania's crepes and waffles we ordered were not bad.... but this place just have this negative vibe...

The wait staffs are the  most of unfriendly and confronting ones I encountered. Everything is a No.. Customers are always not right!

No, this.. that's not possible...even asking the bill and pay was not an easy task! Since they don't have bills, they have to ring it in the cash register just like you eating at a fast food joint!

I don't think I will be back... the food is not worth all these agony!"
"Seems like all these Frozen Yogurt places are opened near high school.... 

I felt like I am back in high school... in the cafeteria with all these students.. even the girls at the cash are high school students!! 

Menchie's Frozen Yogurt is one of the few that offers self serve samplings... there are little mini paper cups on the counter so you can sample every single flavours before you commit!

Armed with a $10 Team buy coupon, I able to load up as much as I want and yes for $10 I can get this huge cup of Fro Yo..with all the toppings I want!! Just love mochi....

Great finally have Menchie's open in the neighbourhood!"
"At Famu, aside from the excellent cut of beef, organic chicken, pork....

You will find marinated ready to cook food in the fridge...

And make sure you check out the freezer. you will find frozen foie gras from France and Quebec..

What's for dinner?"
"Spring Rolls in Fairview Mall has one of the prettiest patios I seen... at least up in this area near Fairview Mall. It is so pretty during the summer with all the flowers in full bloom! There are also loungers for you to have a drink on the patio. 

The interior is decorated in dark colours are also very chic and modern. Tables are set far apart and you never feel crowded.

OK... 5 stars for patio, 4 stars for interior deco and 2 stars for food.

I do understand that Spring Rolls is NOT authentic Thai/Vietnamese restaurant. A lot of the food does taste really bland without the spiciness. 

Dropped by for lunch. Yes they do have a different lunch menu everyday. However, the prices are similar to the regular menu the only extra is the complimentary house salad. And it is really not worth your while to eat that house salad. Since it is just like package salad with kraft salad dressing.. nothing Asian about that! And even the salad is not fresh!

The Malaysian style  udon noodle with house made XO sauce ($8.99) which is on the lunch menu is totally not memorable. It is more like noodle stir-fried in soya sauce.... And the portion seems to be noticable smaller than the regular menu item which some other people ordered next to me.

However, it is good news because when it is not good.. what point of having so much of something not so good?? I now have room for dessert. Blame it on the people next to me, they ordered dessert the Fried Banana with ice cream is huge with 3 bananas and 2 scoop of ice cream.. which I don't think I can finish. I decided on the Mango with Sticy Rice ($4.95). 

I have to say the dessert save the 2 star rating for food! My dessert look awhile to arrive, but it is nice and hot... and it stayed that way to the last bite! Usually some places will served me lukewarm sticky rice and got hardened when I ate half of it because they put it in the microwave to heat it up. But the sticky rice here has no issue at all. The mango though is small... a thin slice.... I am quite happy eating the rice with the coconut milk dressing!

Looking at their drink menu, they do have specials during lunch even for drinks.. that is so tempting.. but the drinks prices all seems reasonable.. $7 for a Martini... I think I want to come back to have a Martini on the patio's lounger on a hot summer night with...........

They accepts all credit cards!"
"Richmond Hill Deli has a good selection of Russian grocery, cold cut, cheese and the selection of perogies is quite amazing. A freezer with different brand/flavour including Cherry? So perogies as dessert too! They even have their own in house brand.

Selection cannot compare to the bigger European market but the store itself is really clean. 

There is a small bakery section but if you want more dessert or even a whole cake, you can visit Richmond Hill Bakery/Cafe just opened 2 month ago a few store down."
"The Chino Locos at this location does lacks the charm compare to the Greenwood location but I can tell you that their Fish Burrito with Chow Mein is equally awesome!!

The fish was pan fried when I placed the order and the burrito was stuffed with tomato, beans, chow mein and of course spicy spicy sauce...

Tons of seatings, great for eating in... especially during the cold winter season.

BTW, the spicy sauce bought tears to my friend's eyes..."
"I went to visit Ichimoto again to try out their al carte order. This time I ordered the Salmon Hand Roll ($2), Eel with Rice ($1.5) and  stired fried bittemelon with egg ($2) and free miso soup.

I am again disappointed with the Hand Roll... The Salmon is so small but there is a lot of rice.

The eel with rice and the bittermelon though are quite good! The portion is just perfect for eating alone!

Bill comes to $5.60. Ha ha I cannot argue that is a really good price to treat that as an afternoon snacks!

As usual the waitress is really nice! Now second time I visit we are on first name bases.. :)"
"Dropped by Turtle Jacks on  Wednesday during lunch time... had no idea what I want to eat or what I should be eating.....

Then I saw the Wednesday Beer and Burger Specials... so for $13.99 you can pick any burger on the menu (of course I won't be eating the basic one...) with a pint of domestic!!

I usually try not to drink before sunset, especially the day after an Elite party! But I am weak, I just could not resist a special...so be it! Let's drink beer!

Jalapeno Jack with Beer ($13.99)
- The patty was a little charred but not bad, at least the inside was not dry
- love the side choice of fries, salad or soup, which I choose the chicken gumbo to go with my spicy burger!

Services was good and professional.

Free Wifi and other specials every day! I might need to come back for the Happy Hour Specials : 50% off appetizers!!! and of course other drinks special too everyday!"
"2.5 star

Lucky Curry is located inside Metro Square Food Court cooking up Malaysian. Thai and Vietnamese cuisine.

I should not expect too much... as Lucky Curry is having this huge menu that includes Pho, Pad Thai, Curry, Pawn Noodle, Curry Roti.. anything you can think of.

I found it so often with places with such an aggressive attempt to share everything ended up nothing really stand out to be excellent!

Fried Kuey Teow ($5.95) includes drink
- I should have order Curry as this place is called Lucky Curry...
- Just too too oily.. I could only eat half of it and packed up the rest
- Lack the spice and the garnishes of similar dishes I experienced, really bland tasting!

Lucky Curry does have excellent pricing! Anytime is Lunch Specials as all their dishes are from $5.25 that includes either a soup, soy milk drink or chrysanthemum drink.

I might come back to try their curry... and hopefully it would taste much better than the fried noodles I have!"
"This review is based on my Brunch experience at Pastaga.

After eating all these heavy food for the last few days, Pastaga's experience was a change of pace in a good way. As one cannot have foie gras every meal.

Service was pleasant and accommodating. Menu is in French only but our waiter was really patient and answered all my questions with a smile. 

The menu is seasonal and changes frequently, but all you need to know is everything here is fresh, well prepared and delicious. 

Quiche au chorizo et fenouil caramélisés, fromage frais et salade verte ($14.50)
Croquettes de Porcelet ($14.50)
Gaufres natures, crème chantilly et sirop d'érable ($7)

I just love the casual and unpretentious vibe of Pastaga. 

I definitely want to come back here for a full dinner experience!"
"I love the concept of Indian Street Food Company. This place was buzzing with energy when we visited on a Saturday evening. So much noises, so hectic and just feel like I was in the street in Bombay.

The restaurant was fully booked. When I arrived at 6 pm for my reservation, our tables was not ready and in fact they were setting up more 2 table of 2 in the middle of the aisle. Maybe it was my fault that my date was late, the wait staff kept asking if I was OK and if I was ready to order. Service here definitely was fast and prompt. 

We ordered a few item to share:

Lasooni Cauliflower ($11.90) - interesting taste and texture but a little pricey!
Rajasthani Laal Mass ($15.50) - we enjoyed that
Kerala Chilli Beef ($15.20) - dried and tough beef jerky 
Basmati Rice ($3.50)

The restaurant was quite loud and it did not help when my table was right next to a new born that was crying and whining non-stop for 45 minute while the mother was standing right by our table trying to comfort the baby. 

13% Admin Fee = No Tipping Please

I would not say this is authentic Indian food but I did enjoy their playful approach and a little twist here and there. Will I be back? Maybe.... The menu is interesting enough for a repeat visit."
"Thai Bamboo is decent Thai restaurant in the area.

Good price, Friendly Services and Good Food!

Chicken Pad Thai ($8.95) extra spicy is quite nicely done, spiced up with chili pepper and fresh from the wok!! Yummmy!

Deco is really simple and with tons of bamboo...

Thai Bamboo is worth your while if you are in the neighbourhood and have cravings for some Thai food. Not the best but will do..."
"Looking for some treats to go with my coffee then I saw the Petite Thuet and my eyes lighted up!! Sweets, Pastry and Marcons!!! 

Selections was limited... OK they looked like an afterthought as they were at the bottom of the displayed case and only few left... 

They were both quite tasty! But the Lemon one has this crumbling outer shell, it just fell apart and has crumbs everywhere?!! The Sea Salt and Carmel one though has a next texture. 

I do like the interior vibe of the cafe itself. Maybe I would stay for a coffee next time and try out other of their sweets!"
"EnergyXChange! OMG! I think I find my DREAM studio!

It is not even a yoga studio! It is just an all around wellness centre!

Karma Class for FREE every Sunday afternoon! 

The space is just glorious!! The practice room big and spacious with a lot of architectural details. The patio, great to hang out on a sunny afternoon!

The change room is equipped with lockers (just make sure you bring a lock or bring your valuables into the practice room where they have little partition for your to store your stuff!), Aveda products in the showers!! 

Rental mat is reasonable for $1.50 and they are nice Jade mat! Not some crappy overworked mat that I got from renting at other studios.

The Karma class itself was great! Though it was a free class the instructor was knowledgeable and have positive vibe! The Yin class was oh so delicious! Especially that piece of Leonidas Chocolate was given as a treat at the end of the class!

And what's better than enjoying a cup of tea from David's Tea after a great yoga practice?!

EnergyXChange, you really think of everything!"
"Tracks Brewpub is a pretty cool place to visit for a drink if you are in Brampton.

Built in 1910 along the banks of the Etobicoke Creek, the structure that now houses Tracks Brew Pub was originally a warehouse belonging to the Brampton Knitting Mill. There are still some ornaments and details around the buildings that are from the original knitting Mill.

Tracks Brewery is also one of the first local brewery in Ontario and has been brewing since 1986. Their house brew Old Mill Lager is priced at $4.50 a pint and on Wednesday  Home Brew Special going for $4.05.

The inside does looks dated, but I guess it is the charming part of it?? There is a decent patio and the inside is really spacious.

Service is friendly, great place for a night cap and to catch a game and support a neighbourhood brewery!"
"Evergreen Garden Market opens year round for our shopping pleasure.

I do enjoy what they carries which consist local produce and products from independent supplier or farms in the area: honey, coffee, tea, baked goods, olive oil and much much more.

There are also a kid/toddler section at the back that have some nice handicraft and toys, great for gifting!

Definitely will be back during the gardening season to learn more about how to have a true green garden and more about different aspect of gardening!"
"A brand new Tim Horton custom built to be more modern and chic to fit into the newer image they tries to market.

The deco and seating options are good: single bar stools, moveable tables and chairs, booth seating and even 4 armchairs right by a fireplace in front of a tv showing CP 24.

Services though lacking with staff acting like they haven't drink their morning coffee as yet....and I was here during afternoon break time.

There are though quite a few electric outlets available though if you need to charge up.

Parking can be tight as there are still new construction in the plaza."
"Awtash Cafe really so different from the places I usually frequent! 

Yes I love this sexy vibes of this place. And when it is dark, everyone looks 100% more sexy and good looking... (BTW, sucks if you want to take good photos!) 

Just love those loungers... Really want to take off my shoes and just laid there.. (I really did take off my shoes!) 

Nahna Muddled Mint Tea/Saffron Ice Cream with Faloodeh 
- Tea has been sweetened with syrup already so no other sweetener is necessary for me to enhanced the taste 
- My first experience with Faloodeh... A-OK... I might have to try some more in the future (My friend ate most of it...)

Sheesha (Blueberry/Double Apple) 
- Hey I think they are playing a practical joke on me or something.. I was given a default hookah and doesn't matter how hard I suck.. until my face was red..nothing happened! At first I thought my lungs were defective! 
- I find smoking sheesha a relaxing and social experience.. inhale 1-2-3-4, and exhale and look at the smoke coming out...... 
- Blueberry tasted much better than Double Apple.... and some other people wants to steal mine because they like my flavour more! 

Now if I can wear some relax clothings and laid on the coach... hmmmm that will be some really smoking, sexy experience! :P CHILL!"
"Though I don't frequent McDonalds, but in case of emergencies in life (washroom needs, yoga class canceled, Internet Meetup or junk food attack) it is not a bad choice at all. 

This McDonalds had fully rebranded into a McCafe and Smoothies restaurant. 

Deco is nice and modern enough with tons of seating. 

24 hour drive thru, wifi access with quite a few electronic outlets at least in the front area. 

Service is polite as I got addressed as madam no stop... Hmmm maybe she can call me a Ms?"
"Chen's Wing Grill and Bar does have the potential to be one of the coolest joint in Richmond Hill for some late night snacks and a beer or 2.

Love the decor. 

Food though was hit and miss. Mostly a miss.

BBQ Squid ($5.99) - so good!! Well seasoned and have a nice bite.
BBQ Lamb Skewers ($5.99/3) - meh! served lukewarm and tasted bland. No hot off the grill taste
BBQ Chicken Wings ($2.79) - Spicy and Honey. Not bad but for $2.79 each with just 2 wingettes?! $1.40 for a piece??!! Way overpriced!
Spicy Potato ($5.99) - not spicy and bland. Potato was overcooked and not crunchy
Grilled Eggplant ($2.59) - OK. But would not order again.

Service was slow. Tables never get cleaned unless new customers coming in and need to be seated. So I was looking at dirty plates everywhere on both side of our tables. 

I don't think I will be coming back....."
"Dumpling Village really suffering from identity crisis!! Is it a Korean Restaurant, not really. There are mostly Northern Chinese items on the menu like dumplings. Is it a Northern Chinese restaurant, not really There are a lot of Korean dishes  in the menu like pork bone soup, cold wheat bucknoodle soup, kimchi and bean sprout as appetitizers.

The only Korean characters are the 3 on their business sign in the front..and all the rest are in Chinese and English. All the wait staffs here speak Mandarian and even most of the patrons are Chinese.

It is located in a really tiny strip mall.. with limited parkings! To tell you the truth I am in the area for over 10 years I never notice it until I read the reviews on yelp! 

We arrived around 6 pm on a Saturday. The restaurant was almost full.  The tables are not really packed together, so you still have a certain degree of privacy at least I cannot tell what the table next to me were eating.

We decided on my favourite chives and pork dumplings, kimchi fried rice and Korean cold bucknoodle soup. They are all $4.99. 

The cold noodle soup is so so good! Nice and refreshing! and the soup based is a little sour and it really stimulate your tastebuds and just make you want to eat more! (I can finish it all myself! I don't want to share! I want one all for myself next time!)

The kimchi fried rice.. hmmmmm not good! A little on the oily side. There are not much taste, not spicy enough? We could not finish it and end up have to pack it all to go...(not even sure I will eat it, but cannot just let it all go to waste)

The dumplings arrived last! But it really worth the wait! 14 big fat hot dumplings filled up the whole steamer! Yes I counted them 14 of them for $4.99. They are all freshly made, freshly steamed! The skin is nice and thin, not chewy and thick! Oh so delicious! One bite and all the soup are ozzing out! But if they are not burning hot, you can just stuff the whole thing into your mouth and let the soup and favour just explosed in your mouth. 

Just a warning. If you going out on a date, please don't come here. Even it is a good place for a cheap date, our bill was $18 for 2 and we were full! But the place can be noisy, the food too good and your date will be too busy eating and just ignore you! Or you will keep eating and eating and you freak all your friends out!

The services here is cold but efficient. We were given extra napkins without requesting... Maybe we looked really messy??

Cash only!"
"Don't get frustrated if you take your car down during the weekend for the St Lawrence Market or having dinner at Wellington/King or to Woofstock!

I know Parking can be an issue, but with St Lawrence Garage Car Park 43 by Green P, I can guarantee that you will find a spot since it has over 2000 parking spaces!

The garage itself is really well lit and it is quite safe even if you park here late at night.

Saturday Specials from 5 am to 6 pm is $1 for the first 2 hours and at other time is $1.50 for half hour with daily maximum of $9 and overnight for $5.

There are couple of Auto Express Stations, I don't understand why all these people all lining up at the machine at the North side of the parking lot to pay?! Much better yet, if you pay by credit card, just swipe that when you enter or exit, isn't it convenient or not?!"
"The bartender at The Coldroom sent me here!

I did not know what to expect through this back alley behind the metal doors.

A lounge like cocktail bar with decor from the 1950s when sipping cocktails are for the privileged. I did feel special as our waitress was attentive, the drinks were tasty with wicked presentation and the dessert from Foiegwa was just so yummy.

A little loud but nice atmosphere.

One of the best speakeasy I visited in Montreal. 

Highly recommended!"
"Since there are no other sizable plaza or mall in the area.. so you kind of stuck with Gerrard Square.

Retired people gathering around and spending the whole afternoon doing nothing! Babysitter wheeling their strollers around or have toddlers screaming and running down the hallways..

Shops aside from Staples, Home Depot and Winners..hardly have any customers! 

I at least have Tropical Joe and Crepes It Up! as lunch before I head off to more depressing neighbourhood streets!"
"Authentic Szechuan Cuisine open up just recently and they really have to put their acts together! 

The website is so nicely designed with colourful photos and impressive awards won by the chef and how they said customer satisfactory is their goal.. 

Don't be fool by the sign saying they are open Monday - Sunday 11AM to 11PM. Really they only open for lunch from Friday to Monday and other days they open at 4 PM. (a small yellow sticky note written in Chinese on the door has the more accurate hours) 

I dropped by on Thursday trying to try their lunch specials from $4.99 which they have the menu posed in the window, but they are no open.. You know I will do a lot for the promise of spicy food and cheap lunch specials. I come again the next day. 

It is open but when I ask for the lunch menu.. they look at me like I am crazy or something.. I said you have that posted on your window lunch specials from Monday-Friday.. then the lady said oh lunch specials only offer from Monday-Thursday and I have to order from the regular menu. Since there is this communications problem, no point in arguing. She said I can order the set dinner for 2 for $22?? Can't she see I am eating alone?? 

I don't mind offering from the regular dinner menu since they doing a grand opening special 10% discount. However, all of those are like entrees and there are no northern dim sum or noodles selections. I ended up ordering a Cold Appetizer 2 star spiciness Thinly Sliced Szechuan Style Bean Curd ($5.99). 

The Bean Curd are soaked in a pool of red chilli oil with seasame, beans and green onions sprinkled on top... Yes it is spicy alright. My lips are numbed while eating them. The taste is quite good and it made stomach feeling nice and warm..you can call it a heartburn :p 

I am really curiously how the 3 star spiciness dishes will taste like. I am willing to come back for another try because they do have interesting items in the menu (spicy frog, Szechuan rabbit head! to name a few) 

I might come back after Authentic Szechuan Cuisine knows what is happening and when they have lunch specials!!"
"Getting a reservation at Enoteca Sociale is not easy.... even for my Saturday 10 pm table for one reservation had to made more than 2 weeks ahead. I really wondering how good this place is? Why so popular?

The restaurant itself is pretty small and intimate. It does feel like I am eating in a farm house somewhere in Italy. Noise level is deafening, I can hear all these chattering going on around me, at the end of the dinner I can even hear that in my head....

Enoteca Sociale is also one of those restaurants I would have come if I am on a diet. I would also come here if I am dining alone as sharing is not really necessary. The portion here is small.... really small........

House made pappardelle, Ontario lamb ragu, house smoked guanciale & pecorino ($18) was really really good. The freshly made pappardelle has this awesome texture and softness. The lamb ragu was rich and flavored. I was chewing and eating slowly....really slowly.....enjoying my every bite......................

Tiramisu ($8) accented with orange peel and preceso was a light twist to this classical dessert. Light and creamy at the same time.

My waitress is efficient but a little bite cold. My food was served quickly and plate removed right when I finished.... and I was in and out in 45 minute.

Will I come back? Maybe for the tastier menu, but I know what to expect... good food in small portion and pricey................"
"The Bagel House Opens 24 hours! Now if we have more places that opens 24 hours! 

Not that I will wake up at 3 AM and have a craving for Bagels... but you never know.. I do wake up in the middle of the night have cravings of a lot of things. But having an option knowing that you can find something that is open beside that 24 hour MacDonald.. that is all good to me!

The Bagel House makes the traditional Montreal bagel baked in front of me in a wood-fired stove! Now I know how fresh my bagels are!! The bagel dough includes egg and honey. Honey is also added to the water used for poaching the bagels before baking. 

Love the poppyseed ones.. yes it is infested with poppyseed and oh how they all stick to my teeth.. is someone playing a practical joke on me again??

The Salami bagel is more salami than bagel... But I think I rather has the bagel with butter or just a touch of cream cheese.. so I can really taste it in their purist form.........

Now will I eat a Tim Horton bagel again??? hmmmm ...."
"When I was waiting in line to pick up over the phone order of Extra Spicy Mee Goreng, I saw something that got me real excited...

Desserts and Pastry!! Kuid Dadar, Ondeh Ondeh etc... most of them are for $1 or 3... perfect snacks to enjoy after my noodle!

They are all made fresh daily...with great coconut flavour and not overly sweet.... and with the small bite size, I didn't feel I just pigged out!"
"Thanks for Bijan V for organizing his 2nd Persian UYE so I got to try out Sheherzade Persian Grill and Dizi. 

As my experience with Persian food is quite limited (just a handful) and I am not really a meat meat person so dare I say Sheherzade with its speciality with grilled meat will not be one of my fave place. 

It is hard not to compare Sheherzade to it's Sister Pomegranate next door. I prefer Pomegranate more because it is more nicely decorated and I like the food selections a lot better... 

Bijan ordered the appetizers which eaten with bread.. they are quite tasty. (I was too busy talking and it is kind of dark in the restaurant... I sometimes not sure what I am eating) 

I shared the Chicken and Beef Tenderloin and Minced Beef Kabob to shared with 2 other yelpers. Gee there is so much meat and rice and everything .. we barely able to finish them. Out of the 3 meat I prefer in order Minced Beef, Chicken and Beef Tenderloin. The Minced Beef is nicely seasoned and have a nice kick to it. Chicken quite tender but a little blend.. Beef Tenderloin is a little overcooked and chewy... 

Dizi I do want to try the Dizi but I am not really into lamb.. the little scoop that Bijon so nice to let me try was tender, full of flavour and really lampy :P I will really recommend to people that are into lamb.. since not too many places serves Dizi.

Nice and friendly atmosphere... and quiet on a Tuesday night. It was such an enjoyable dinner with my fellow yelpers!!"
"Oban Sushi does offers a decent and inexpensive Lunch Specials (till 4pm daily) from $4.99!

Sushi Bar Lunch Specials consists of mainly maki but at least they are all made to order and quite fresh!

I decided on S2 Sushi Roll ($7.99) which allows me to choose 3 rolls out of 12 choices with miso soup/salad/fountain pop . I ended up having Salmon, Spicy Salmon and California Roll.

The salad that came with my meal has way too much dressing and the miso soup was meh.

The rolls though were all quite delicious. At this price point, I am not complaining!

Of course, there are also AYCE options for both lunch and dinner. 

Service is friendly and courteous. 

Give Oban Sushi a try if you are in the neighbourhood, but avoid the prime lunch hour unless you want to be surrounded by teens...."
"Spicy and Hot at Authentic Szechuan Cuisine! 

No more lunch specials but love the specials for either $1/$2/$3, every table of more than 2 patrons can order one of the specials for dine in only. 

Thinly Sliced Szechuan Style Bean Curd (regular $5.99 at $1) 
- Chili Oil and more Chili Oil
- not just spicy but Savoury and has this great complex taste with sesame, garlic and green onion inside
- looks hot but is quite balance

JiangHu Braised Duck with Beer ($16.99)
- Beer.. I don't really taste the beer but this is just so spicy.. I was sweating and while my friend's face turned red..
- the secret of the spiciness according to the owner is the use of green peppercorns. 
- The duck though has the taste and texture of duck confit Chinese style

Nice family owned business with the wife as the waitress while the husband cooking and some time even waiting on tables alone during lunch hours.

The menu definitely looks interesting and scary...I need to be back and try out other dishes..."
"Tony's On the Block is a cross between a gourmet food market, a Italian prepared food kitchen and a butcher. 

Here you can get quality local meat products which are federally inspected, Halal-Kosher, grain-fed, and hormone, steroid, and antibiotic free. Or you are not a good cook like me, then can pick from good selections of prepared food. 

Just a note their soups are all low-sodium, low fat and made from scratch without any preservatives.. I cannot even say that about my home cooked soups! 

Next time when you in the neighbourhood drop by Tony's On the Block and say Hi to Tony! :)"
"Come after 8 pm for the After 8 Special! 

You can get a Stein of Sleeman or Sapporo and a Kobi Pie for $10.50! Seriously a stein of beer cost more than $10.50 in a lot of places I have been to and a pizza pie all for myself?! 

This might be the best deal in town if you like drinking and pizza!

I do like my pie thin crust and PIE's pie is just perfect for me!

And make sure you end your evening with an order of NUTTY PIE: Nutella with vanilla ice cream................

Food Coma!

Maybe I can watch my Yelp friend do the Canucker eating Challenge: Triple Pizza with 1 lbs of poutine in 35 min?! I am still working on my After Eight challenge of a stein of beer and a pie in?"
"PetSmart always a reliable place to shop for your dogs and cats and other pet supplies.

On a Sunday afternoon, this particular PetSmart were packed with customers and their doggie friends.. good place to bring if you want to socialize your dogs especially when it is cold, windy, rainny, snowy...outside.

For my dog food, I won't be coming to PetSmart since they don't carry the more premium brand like Fromm, Orjen or Merrick... But I love their selections of toys and other accessories (I got a inflight carrier bag for my dog for a reasonable price)"
"3.5 Star Round Up to 4 for their friendly service and great attitude.

Ordered 2 flavours of wooffles: Cookie and Cream/Original. 

Cookie and Cream a little doughy for my liking and the interior of the wooffle itself was a little dense. Tasted more like a cupcake.

Original has a more tradition taste which I enjoyed a little more.

Thanks for the free sample of Matcha Soft Serve. But sadly, though it has a creamy texture but definitely lack that matcha taste and colour. (Pro-Tip for Business: Please use Yelp Business Page to add ""check in"" offers as a sample of soft serve so everyone would be happy!)

It is though quite exciting to see various interesting Wooffles flavour including Seaweed and Chinese Sausage which I would give it a try next time.

BTW, all the Wooflles has to be eaten right away! If not they just get so soggy and meh even after trying to make it cool down before putting into the paper bag!"
"2.5 Star 

I just wish that Yummy Sushi is yummier.

A newly opened Japanese restaurant that serves both a la carte and all you can eat. 

When you have a friend that is always hungry like mine who has cravings for hot pot for lunch at 11 am on nice summer day.... AYCE seems to be the only thing that can calm him down.

Service is excellent! We were even given a 15% off VIP card which is good till Sept. 

Food though was so so. Most of the cooked food was a miss especially the chicken ramen that not using ramen noodles. Sushi, handrolls and maki rolls were quite standard. Dessert though was A-OK with more than 6 choices to choose from. 

Price is good. $13.99 for lunch Mon-Fri plus 15% off for VIP. Gratuity is not included in the final bill as most other AYCE Japanese restaurants, so tip accordingly."
"Eating lunch this afternoon at ND Sushi & Grill makes me felt like I am the rich and famous because I have my personal chef and waitress serving me and cooking for me! :) 

The deco is nice and chic. More European bistro looking than a traditional Japanese restaurant. I think this will be a nice and quiet place to have a romantic dinner as the lighting is really gentle with no harsh spotlights! 

The lunch menu is reasonable between $9-$12 includes miso soup and salad. Salad is a mixed field green tossed in light vignette dressing. The sushi lunch ($12) has 5 pieces nigiri Sushi and 6 pieces California roll. The fish are fresh and sushi nicely presented. The nigiri that has shiso though a nice touch to enhance the taste but just that the shiso is out of portion thus affect the taste. Love the seared Butterfly fish nigiri! The California roll was rolled pretty loose and not too uniformed.. so they were falling apart if I don't pick them up gently. 

The full menu are really interesting. I would love to be back to try out some of their grilled entrees especially the Black Cod with a Fusion twist. They do offered fix menu for $35 and Omakase menu for $80. The cooking style here is supposed to be Japanese with a French twist.. 

Waitress is nice and friendly! Gee and she recognized me asking if I am Jennifer the one that took the photos of their storefront! :P 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard only!"
"So how is a Brunch experience at Redfish, Toronto's only 100% sustainable seafood restaurant? Amazing...

The vibe at Redfish is laid back and easygoing on a Sunday afternoon. Great place to hang out and catch up with friends or share quality time with families. 

I just love my Octopus Harsh Egg Benny ($14). My two eggs were perfectly poached with such lovely runny yolks and of course the octopus and potatoes all chopped up by hands in such small pieces were cook with perfect bite. I can eat a whole mountain of this any day...

House Smoked Salmon ($6) for the table to share was soft and lightly smoked. 

Bloody Caesar ($5) definitely well balanced as a ""Hungover/Morning After"" drink. I love how it was full of fresh horseradish... But I wish for a little more vodka.

I tried the Steak and Eggs ($16) and Duck Wings & Waffles ($13) which are good choices if your table mates are not fish/seafood eaters. They were surprisingly nicely done: Steak cooked medium rare and tender went well with the garlicky chimichurri sauce!

Eating at Redfish you know that you are dinning in a place that is so personal and people here (owners/chef: Jamie & David) really cares about what they are doing, serving, down to the smallest details. And at a patron, you feels good that you are eating local, sustainable, healthy and food that prepared with love....

I can't wait to come back to Redfish for some FISH! Or find a date to experience the Date Night Menu with me....."
"Star King Viet Thai Cuisine is located at the corner of Warden and Steeles across from T&T Supermarket.

I saw an ad  in the Chinese magazine saying that they are under the same parent company as of Xe Lua. I don't know if it is good or bad news... However, I decide to give it a try!

Star King location used to be a Kelsey. They kept most of the decoration, the bar, the booth and stained glass panels. The only thing they did to the restaurant was taking down all the hollywood posters, change the lighting (brighter and with a crystal chandelier in the middle). 

The prices are comparable to Xe Lua, I order a Large Pho with raw beef and tripes ($6.00). The soup was steaming hot. The broth tasted a little too salty for my taste and the noodle is the dried type. Usually I don't like the dried type but they did do a good job and take out that funny taste in the dry noodles. 

However, I did enjoy my pho, especially on a cold windy winter day! The Large pho came in a big bowel with a lot of soup but not too many noodles or meat.. I was still a little hungry after eating that.

The seatings are really comfy and you never close to your neighbours. I do like the private booths!

They really have to cut out the elevator music!! It is not even on a good sound system, sounded like something from an AM radio.. why they bother I don't know!

The menu does have a lot of different choices.

NO lunch Specials!!!

They accepts VISA."
"I know it is kind of strange! I been recommending people to go Yuzu, even recommending people to take their dates here if one want to impressed them with good Japanese food... and I have not been here until now!!!

Lunch Specials serving till 3:00 pm, great to come here for a late lunch. Restaurant was kind of half empty when I got here around 2:00 pm.

Chirashi Zushi ($17) was excellent. Great mixture of fish and all really fresh. I enjoyed that in silence....... it didn't bring tears in my eyes, but it was good enough!

Black Sesame Ice Cream ($4) was a great finish for my lunch.. I want to try the green tea brulee next time!!!

Service was polite and attentive.

I want to come back and try out other items on the menu!!"
"As usual, I really want to visit Ryoji Ramen & Izakaya since it opens for business. But I can say the same with every single Ramen and Izakaya places that opens recently in Toronto....

Walking by on a Sunday late afternoon, I was surprised that it was opened for business, since they just extended their business hours! So I dragged my Yelp Friend in before he can said NO....

Love the set up of the restaurant. Half of the space is set up like a Izakaya/Ramen joint and the other half has this lounge like vibe. I just could not resist but just sank myself in one of those comfy armchairs... 

Ryoji offers some speciality dishes from Okinawa which is quite unique. Also Okinawan food is known to be healthy and is believed to be the reason for the longevity of the locals, of course we need to try some of those!

We shared as a pre dinner snack:

Ji-Ma-Mi Okinawa Style Homemade Peanut Tofu ($6)
- The taste is really light and subtle, texture is interesting... A little saltiness from the peanuts sauce
- The Okinawan style tofu is a rich source of isoflavones, which help in preventing lifestyle-related ailments
- I guess this is a healthy option!

Otoko-Aji Tonkostu Ramen ($11)
- Another Okinawa style dish: As it is believes that Pork soup contains significant amount of elastin and collagen....
- The aroma of pork was delighful...the broth quite balanced and we drank it all
- Noodle has good bite but I found the ""pork belly"" chashu a little too fatty for me... if it charred a little more, would be a little more enjoyable

Asahi Pint ($8)
- Draft Beer selection is decent as it has Blanche De Chambly and even Steam Whistle available

The service was attentive and polite. 

I definitely will be back again for a drink when I am in the area. And of course have some more healthy Okinawan food!"
"The 20th T & T Supermarket in Canada and 6th in the GTA area has opened June 10th in the Richmond Hill area. 

Since it is only the 2nd day after their grand opening, this place was packed... long lines at the cash...and people everywhere..!!! I kept running into people, bumming into everything, shopping carts hitting me... 

The Chinese grocery selections was comparable to other T & T locations. As this Supermarket is located in more cultural mixed residential areas, there are also a good selections of Filipino food and even has a Deli Corner that selling cheese and deli.. 

As T & T has now be brought out by Loblaws, similar shopping bags policy has been adopted, 5 cents per bag or bring your own! 

My Mango Tapioca Cup is on special for $1. Great as a light dessert... liquid dessert!

Oh and their bakery has much better offerings than the other T & T I been to... A Burger looking Chocolate mousse cake ($20).. I know what to get Brian Y for his birthday!! :)"
"3.5 stars

It was not the food that drawn me into Insomnia Cafe... it was their daily drink specials.

I was suppose to meet up with my yelp friend to have a quick bite before watching Yelp's Hot Doc Superhero. And since I was down at the Annex early and need a place to hang and Insomnia Cafe ended up to be an excellent choice.

Nice and Friendly service. Cheap Creemore Pint for $4 on Monday (different everyday of the week). Nice and classy decoration. I felt really comfortable having a pre dinner drink at the bar area waiting for my friend to show up.

From now on, I know where to park myself aside from the Green Beanery next door... And Insomnia Cafe even have Free WIFI access... hmmmm Am I going to make Insomnia my Yelp's office?? Drinking beer and uploading photos??"
"There are not that many traditional German restaurants in Toronto.. and it is really rare in Scarborough to find a ""Western"" or a German restaurant!

Little Bavaria is located right at the corner of Markham Road and Eglinton... in a seedy strip plaza. A location which I doubt I will come by myself in the evening! 

The interior is nicely decorated with German memoriabla and cheesy German items... like a soccer ball hanging from the ceiling...and German music playing in the background and you might think that some dancing waitstaffs will come out from the back and perform German Folk dance any minute.

The nice waitress here does wear a German folk looking top but not a Dirndl and she is not German :). And of course no dancing.. no low cut dress but the food here is authentic German...

The food choices here are really simple with lunch specials starting from around $9 that includes soup or salad and some cardboard tasting good for you Rye bread basket. I do love the soup... Goulash Soup is great.. dumplings Soup is meh...... the veal is tender and the sauce rich in favour.

Little Bavaria for sure is a little German gem in this Scarborough area!! It is an great alternative if you are sick of Asian/Middle Eastern/Indian food in the area.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Pho Mi Viet Thai serves it's purpose as a Pho Joint that provides a satisfy meal at a decent price.

Services though slow but we eventually got what we ordered.

Special Pho Large ($7.50) is good for a meal for one or something to share with a friend as a snack. Broth is quite savoury and have star anise kick. Beef and noodle quite standard and both A-OK.

Hot Vietnamese Coffee with condensed milk ($3.00) is just too strong and sweet for me. I don't really like to be too caffeinated and sugar high at the same time.

Pho Mi though looks dated and a little sketchy..  remind me of the old days...

11/15"
"Affogatto! 

Espresso over Jedd's Frozen Vanilla Custard! 

oh it is so so so so good........ Now I really taste the difference between ice cream (meh) VS frozen custard (yay!). It is definitely an adult treat.. after licking my bowl I am in sugar high and caffeine high and ready to face the cold chilly weather! 

Life is so so good!"
"CMYE: Bloordale Bar Crawl #4

Drinks: 3 Speed Lager Draft

Three Speed might not have the hipster vibe... in fact one can say that it doesn't feel like a dive.. but I like it... if that's matter...

If a definition of a dive bar=neighbourhood bar, then Three Speed sure is a winner.. It is the busiest bar we visited for the night.. and sure it was hopping with good vibe and energy on this weekday evening!

Patio was packed!! Too bad, it was a great patio... maybe I have to come back earlier just to grab a spot next time. But sitting at the bar was just as cool... with people packing and standing around..

Great selections of food: gourmet sandwiches, burgers, pasta, even mussels... quite impressing as I thought originally Three Speed is just a bar bar...

Steak Sandwich with Chipotle ($12) which my Yelp drinking buddy was forced  to let me have a taste was delicious... now that's what I call food...

In a way I am glad that Three Speed was picked as kind of the last spot for our crawl..because it is one of the best bars in the area!!

To be Continued....."
"I always has good experience when I have a meal here!

We usually order a big seafood congee, and a stir fried beef rice noodle. Their Singapore pan-friend turnip cake is excellent too!

All the portion are so big! Really get your money worth.

Usually 2 of us spend around $25 and we have some leftover that I saved for lunch the next day.."
"2.5 Star

Whenever I come by this relatively new plaza on Midland just North of Finch, I always got a little confused...

I might visit one and write a review a few months or even weeks ago... and then it kind of disappeared and switch to something else but with similar menu and they even keep most of the interior deco.

Rain & Sunny Restaurant is one of those. This unit used to be Da Cheng  http://www.yelp.ca/biz/da-cheng-chinese-cuisine-scarborough serving home made hand shaved noodle. And now with a new sign, a new name and a new layer of paint it is now Rain & Sunny.

Menu is really similar as it is too specialized in Northern Chinese cuisine and hand shaved noodle.

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($6.50) has the chewy, rustic hand shaved noodle that I like. The broth though is really light with not much taste of meat nor spices. There were only a few piece of overcooked beef in my bowl, but I guess it was not too bad as they were not too good?

From reading their menu, seems like their speciality is Hand Made Lamb Noodle Soup in a milky lamb broth, I might give it a try one day.

Cash Only."
"Even with an address, I could not find Sinchon Food while I drove around the strip plaza, maybe my Yelp Friend is trying to play a trick on me.. maybe the address is for a special massage parlour? Then out of the corner of my eyes I saw some Korean words, and Sinchon Food is tucked in at a corner inside the strip Mall. 

All the Sinchon Food's waitresses kept speaking Korean to me then finally realized all I understand were welcome and thank you and good bye and you are cute.... 

Waitress: First Time? 
Me: Yes 
Waitress: Menu on the table layer.. what do you want? Lunch Special? 
Me: (Confused) Can I have a minute? 

Ended up Sinchon Food has one speciality... everyone order the same thing, especially when the weather is chilly... 

Sul Lung Tang - Beef Bone Soup ($7.95) a milky, cloudy soup with wheat flour noodles serves with rice. You can order either with brisket, tongue, tripes, knee caps, tail.. this really reminds me of Vietnamese Pho :) 

The Soup is served unseasoned as one can use the sea salt and pepper on the table to season according to your own preferences. If you like it spicy, the waitress can get you the red chili paste... I saw the older couple asked for it in Korean. Beef Bone Soup supposed to have simmered for over 12 hours and have this comforting effect and give Korean the I am at home vibe.... 

Only a few piece of beef brisket in my soup, but I think the star supposed to be the soup... yes it was really tummy warming and especially you are a soup person!! 

For Dinner, Sinchon Food serves more family style like in a big hot pot starting from $27.. I guess no one should be eating dinner by themselves and it is all about sharing food with families and friends over some soju!

Sinchon Food is really a Korean franchise with world wide location!"
"Hot Baked Potatoes is always a comfort food for me on a cold day.  

Jacket Potato Cafe serves baked potatoes with various toppings or you can create your own.. it is not the most original idea, the main different is the crunchy, crispy skins of jacket potato compare to regular baked potato.

Here the potatoes are baked in a King Edward Classic 25 potato-baking convection oven imported from England for 2 hours.. which resulted in the crispness of the skin.. and you suppose to eat that too just like the Brits!

The most basic topping  is with the Cheese ($4.99). Great potato taste.... wish there is more cheese :P

I would suggest to give Jacket Potato Cafe a try if you are in the Upper Beach area. And remember to eat the skin too!!"
"This theatre seems to be here forever. It did go through some rebranding and remodeling over the years.

I usually like coming here because they have earlier showings as the theatre usually opens at 12:30 ish. I can beat the crowds and have the theatre almost all for myself!

Parking as usual can be such a pain. At 12 pm on a weekday, the side lot right next to the theatre was full! So give yourself a lot of time if you have a movie to catch."
"I was on my way to get some cupcakes at So into Cupcakes and then I saw the Sign... yes a sign saying ""Spicefully Yours"".

Cheesy slogans and store names seems to be the headline for this afternoon..

I should have come by Canbe Foods a year ago... (yay! Yelp Friend I hear you!) but you know being a procrastinator I am guilty... but it is never too late.

Chicken Biryani ($6) is like a full lunchbox with content just expose everywhere when I started eating that. Can I complain that it was too much? Are they purposely trying to make me fat? I ate half and saved the rest for lunch the next day.

Be careful of all the spices they use... It is not hot spicy.. just spicy with a lot of different kind of spices used in the preparation. And you might end up burping everywhere.

Maybe I will try their Roti Paratha which they claim is ""Best In Town"" next time!"
"Free Yelp Soda at Hawthorne Food and Drink?!

Just make sure use Yelp App and check in and you will receive a complimentary House made Pop that serves in a cute little boot! We enjoyed our Pear Cardamom and Lemon Lime Ginger Mint both really refreshing! Burp!

Since we were here during lunch time, so we decided to order:

Soup of the Day - Mushroom ($7)

Paella Bomb ($9)
- Nicely plated and it tasted as good as it looked! Clams, Mussels were so tasty with just a hint of spiciness and so much flavours!
- Rice was cooked perfectly al dente with great bite!

4 Square Meal ($16)
- changes daily so best to follow them on Facebook or Twitter for updates
- I found 2 of the squares were very similar taste and ingredients (Beans)
- Though light and healthy but just something lacking

Hawthorne has this really laid back vibe. And I love the social responsibility and helping the community concept!

Hawthorne is definitely worth repeat visit!"
"I love Spicy and I love Noodle.

Hei Xiao Mian just opens at Midland and McNicoll right next to Jim Chai Kee. 

The interior decor is nice and trendy. Clean as it is still new. 

Menu is simple with a choice of noodle or rice bowls. You can pick how spicy it is (or non spicy at all) plus the chewiness of noodle (soft or hard). And the best thing is Free additional noodles if you are a bigger eater.

Beef Sirloin Noodle Extra Numb ($10.95) 
The beef is of good quality and tender!! The noodles has a good bite. And yes it was spicy....... 

Since most of the spiciness is by adding chili oil so it can be quite oily. (Pro Tip: Don't play with your phone while eating!!)

During lunch hour, it took quite awhile for the food to be ready (+15 minute), I hope you have a long lunch break.

Cash and Debit!"
"I decide to give WonderPho a try.. can a Pho joint be that bad?? 

Post Lunch hour at 3 pm.. the place was quite empty. 

They have now the Happy Hour Special that you can get 50% off coffee, smoothies and starters.. and if you are into beer drinking $12 for 4 beers. Since I am not INTO beer drinking today, I opt for the 50% off smoothies specials.

Papaya Smoothies ($2)
- Smallish... but for $2 is A-OK.. I don't think I would have pay full price for it
- Papaya taste was really light.. and tasted more like a slush more than a smoothies.. but maybe good calorie wise?

Pho Bo with Rare Beef and Beef Brisket ($6.89)
- The bean sprouts and the basil leaf were kind of withering... a sad sign to see... 
- The broth did has this strong taste of anise... some might like it...
- Rare Beef was well done... 
- Size wise is quite good for a small... no complaint here
- Not fresh noodle but cooked well.. 

Services is A+. Polite, attentive and fast.... but since there were 3 staffs and 3 occupied tables, I do expect good services!

Deco is nice and chic... not your usual cheap Pho Joint. Dare I say is a good place for a date? But with Free WIFI.. they might be busy playing with their toys or the Yelp Apps trying to check in! I am guilty of that!"
"I always end up at this LCBO because of its location.

Right next to Longos and across from Michael Angelo

Right next to First Markham Place

Near Home Outfitters, Winners, Home Depot

The selections here is decent. Store is clean and organize.

Staffs are ok but won't go out of the way to help."
"CMYE: Bloordale Bar Crawl #1

Drink: Sleeman's Light

Cafe with no food?? OK Cafe Stella is a drinking place only until the Chef return from his vacation?? 

Surprising only 1 draft available.. nothing against Steam Whistle... but hey I am not visiting Steam Whistle Brewery today..

They do have great selections of bottle/can beers. I had the Sleeman Light secretly hoping it is really light in calories because I don't want a beer belly yet!

Furnitures remained me of tables and chairs when I was still in elementary/high school... secretly wishing it wasn't that long ago. I wish I can have some more comfy chairs to lounge around...."
"Asian Legend is one of the most successful Northern Chinese Cuisine Franchise as you know you would get good service, decent food, nice decor no matter which location you visit.

Asian Legend at Thornhill Commerce Gate is A-OK.

Double Boiled Chicken Wonton Soup ($15.95)
- One of my favourite dish as it is like 2 different dishes in one: chicken and wonton soup

Shanghai Fried Noodle ($8.95)
- a little on the oily and salty side but my 2 dinner mates finished that with no complaints

Complimentary desserts at the end always a nice touch."
"Second Cup?
Starbucks?
The Mad Bean? YES I will go to The Mad Bean any day! (unfortunately they do close early!)

Nice Barista made my Cappuncino for me.. while I used the nice and clean washroom!

All the seats were taken aside from the student desks (I don't want to enjoy my coffee in a classroom seating!) or that armchair right by the window...

Enjoying my coffee and felt like I am part of a window display... luckily the coffee was nice and strong and with a good kick... the next thing I want was for me to fall asleep in front of all these people walking by..

I have to say The Mad Bean is a WIFI heaven! Not only they provided me with Free WIFI.. every single seating has electric outlets!! Your OWN!! That's a +0.5 stars!!"
"After eating at The Olde Yorke Fish and Chips.. I am a believer! 

I never realize that Fish and Chips can be so tasty! I do feel a little guilty when I decide to have some deep fried fish! Gee Deep Fried to Golden Crisp with batter... You know how much calories that is?? But I have to tell you, one bite and I know it worth all those extra time exercising/yoga and more. 

Dropped by on a Friday afternoon.. this place was packed!! I think I am the only Asian surrounded by more mature European crowds.. Yes I stick out like a sore thumb. 

Haddocks and Chips ($10.45) 
- Fish is really sizable! So moist! So Flaky! 
- Batter not oily! Perfectly done with a nice crunch! 
- Fries are standard... maybe I can substitute for a mixed salad or something? so I am not eating a double fried fried entrees? 

Services here can be a little slow.... since most of the customers are seniors and they are really enjoying themselves and not rushing anywhere... If you in a rush... don't come! They will make your blood pressure really goes up! 

Now when I think of Fish and Chips.. Olde Yorke is the one I daydream about!"
"I have been to Toronto Reference Library so often over all these years. 

Great place to study as I can get lost among all these stacks of books. And it still feels like a library with the quietness. No toddlers running around and screaming their heads off. 

I also been here for the Power of Movement event. Having a yoga session here is definitely really cool.

Close to Yonge/Bloor subway station and with all these restaurants around made TRL my to go to library to chill when I am downtown.

8/15"
"Ice Cream Cafe though does not make their own ice cream but they carries ice cream from Maypole Dairy Products which is based in Etobicoke, Ontario.

Located in the Main Street Brampton, I was so excited to see it was still open if not I might have to end up having a soft cone at McDonald.

Pistachio Almond Crunch ($3.25 for a single scoop tax in) has all the things I love, loaded with tons of almonds!! I just love my nuts! 

Ice cream is fresh and just at the right temperature.... great for a nice hot summer night.."
"Stick with Gramma's Oven baked goods, you won't be disappointed!

Though not baked on site, all the baked goods are from the other store just around 15 minute North in Oakridges.

Buy a cappuccino/latte ($2.75) and you can also get a choice of danish for free.. that's why I ended up trying one of their Raisin Danish... (I would have pick apple or something else) which is quite good!

I don't know why gramma put milk into my Americano ($2.25), maybe is my fault I should have told her that I like my black when I ordered?

Cookies, Bread and Sweet all look delicious... I will stick with my Gramma's baking instead of her coffee beverages!"
"Dropped by Shoom Shoom for lunch on a weekday afternoon. Since it is located in a suburban strip plaza right next to Longos, there are a lot of older ladies having leisure lunch here.. not too many working crowds so the pace here is a bit slow....and easy......

I have the say the food is really fresh and healthy, which I usually enjoy. However, I think now I know I am not too healthy as when eating lunch here, I have the urge to have unhealthy food. The Hummus are nice and tasty ($13.99).. out of the 4 selections I like the Fried Eggplant the most! (Yes the deep fried eggplant with heavy sauce). The Tabouleh is just too healthy for me........

Dark Meat Chicken ($4.99) and Beef ($6.49) skewers are both nicely done...  The Beef is cooked perfectly medium rare the way I like it. The chicken though taste pretty bland and a little undercook.

The service is nice and friendly. Though our waitress was a little overwhelmed when the place get busy later in the afternoon.

I might drop by again when I am in the area and have a craving for some healthy alternative compare to my Asian food! Or maybe one of their cocktails which is so interesting!"
"Mot Na Son Restaurant is one of the numerous Korean Restaurants in the area that I am yet to try. So after recruiting some yelpers as a pre UYE event, we decided to give it a try.

Grilled Sliced Beef dinner set with a choice of soup (we picked Pork Bone)  ($45) is A-OK. Sharing meals with friends family style is always fun. 

Bulgogi marinated style beef cooked table side but I don't know why that  sliced beef is kind of in a chunk. Cooking is not really an issue as there is no skills involved, just pan fried and it is ready to eat! Wrap that in lettuce, put some condiments, a Korean taco!

Pork bone soup is quite savory, not spicy, but at least this is quite a good serving portion.

Owner/Waiter/Cook/Cashier is quite nice and friendly, thanks for cooking the meat for us. 

If you are into some cozy family vibe restaurants, Mot Na Son is quite a good choice. But nothing too amazing."
"Winterlicious Lunch 2012 ($25 tax in) was not bad... but something definitely missing at Sen5es.

Services was excellent by the way. The manager even came to check my winter jacket and our waitress was really attentive and polite. Our water glasses were never empty...

But the food?! The food I found it a little bland and not interesting.... I do know it is a Licious experience...I have high hopes for their desserts but even that was not one of the best I had during Licious. 

I tried:

Seafood Croquettes / Cucumber & Seaweed Salad / Roasted Red Pepper Tartar Sauce
- The sauce has saved this dish. The croquettes tastes kind of bland but the sauce has good flavours and with just a little kick of spice in it

Citrus Cured Salmon / Warm Lentil Salad / Baby Shanghai Bok Choy / Braised Endive / Herbed Oil
- Cooked well, with the outer layer crispy and the inside moist
- if you like fish then you would enjoy that

Orzo Pasta / Mushroom / Baby Spinach / Fine Green Beans / Pearl Onions / Baby Carrots / Spiced Red Pepper & Tomato Sauce (vegetarian)
- only order it if you are vegetarian.... my friend definitely did not enjoy that too much as we try to convince each other to have some more :)

Warm Calvados Scented Apple Crumble / French Vanilla Ice Cream 
- Though it is not the best Apple Crumble, but definitely the best part of the meal
- Maybe of the Calvados, an apple brandy?! Sweet smell of liquors..... 

The dinner menu for $45 has really similar dishes aside from the appetizers. For $25 as a get together with my Best friend at Soho is worth the price tag, but I definitely don't think it is for dinner!"
"I eat anything, I eat anything that are spicy and I eat where there's Lunch Specials. 

Pak Centre Halal Restaurant has lunch Special Thali for $6.99. I don't even care what in that lunch Thali.. I just walked in and say lunch specials...and just sat down and waiting to be feed! 

I was surprise how clean and nicely decorated Pak Centre is. My Yelp friend was nice to me, didn't send me to some seedy runned down places that have sticky floors... 

The nice waitress warned me that the green sauce is really spicy..the next thing she saw me was I was draining my rice with that.. and smiling at her.. 

Naan bread was freshly made.. a little doughy but nice and soft... 

Chicken pea, Potato and Beef all hot and tasty. I though not too crazy about the dessert that comes with it.. 

For $6.99, you can get a complete meal from Pak Centre: Carbs (naan and rice), Veggie (Salad) , protein and even sugary sweets! 

The waitress here was so nice, kept asking me if I want more of any of the items on my plate... gee, I can barely finish those! And I suppose to be on a diet...?"
"I am always in awe whenever I walk along Broadview Ave along Riverdale Park East. The vast piece of green, with the great view of downtown core tall business buildings.... an oasis in Toronto. 

The park contains two baseball diamonds, three playing fields, a soccer field, running track, ice rink, tennis courts and a pool. The slopes here are long but not steep... great for tobogganing! 

So no matter what's the season, Riverdale Park East is always a great place for families to have some fun!"
"I am writing this review based on the quality of the Ramen I have at Konnichiwa. 

Yes I like the Ramen here better than the one I have at Kenzo. 

I found the noodles has much more bite to it VS Kenzo's one are a lot softer and has less texture and got really sloggy at the end of the bowl. Konnichiwa's noodle is best to be slurped and embrassed the hell out of  your dinnermate in a crowded restaurant!

I also love the lightly flavoured broth much better... especially the Miso soup based. It is light, has a hint of salty and a hint of sweetness and a hint of spiciness. (I don't even want to put any chilli powder or oil to ruin that taste) The Shoyu broth is A-ok too!

Just love small eatery like this. It feels so homey, cozy and the Japanese waitresses are all nice and polite with a great smile!

The kitchen here is really small, the seating here is limited..so if you come on a busy night, you might have to wait for everything!"
"Lileo is a really nice clothing store! 

This is just a few unisex clothing stores that I found the men's clothing selection is way way superior to the women's! And I have more fun browsing all those men outerwears than at the women's department.

Lileo does offers quality designers clothings with the price tag to match! 

Good place to browse and not a good place to shop for people with a tight budget!"
"I was not as lucky as the people from the previous reviews as I visited Sharetea after their free tasting offers.

I paid full price for my drink but I was there only one there for the late afternoon.

Brown Rice Tea with Creama with Glass Jello Topping ($5.60) was A-OK. It is a lot richer than I would have expected and I did enjoy the saltiness of the cream topping. It was quite heavy though and definitely can be called a liquid dessert.

I still like my Cha Time Roasted Milk Tea with Jello more. But I would not mind having a cup of Sharetea once in awhile.

Parking here can be an issue as it is located at the ground floor of some condo development and there are hardly any parking for a quick visit. Of course another option is just park at the plaza in the area...."
"La Quinta Inn Cleveland Airport North is a decent budget hotel.

Located right across from RTA station which is super convenient if you planning to take the Red Line to Downtown area.

The amenities though quite basic but if the price is right as it has Free Wifi, Free Breakfast and Free Parking.

I would stay here again if I am in the area especially if the price is right!"
"Depends on what kind of car you are driving, you might be stuck with either Sirius or XM radio as a pre installed satellite radio option.

Both of them do have similar stations and pricing. I think Sirius is a little better because it now have the bonus to able to listen to the radio online or via your smartphone.

The only complaint I have is maybe the pricing system. In the States, one can have more customized package for example: Most Music Only or Most Talks Only for $9.99 per month VS the basic here starts from $14.99. There is a bonus though is that you can listen online on your computer or downloading their apps to listen on your smartphones for free as long as you are a subscriber.

I usually just like to listen to a few stations and all music stations... I just wish I have that option!!"
"Hot and Cold Noodle! I love noodles of any kind.

The Guksu and Noodle is my kind of place. The menu is small with the focus on mainly noodle. Guksu means Noodle Dish in Korean. 

We shared:

Chicken Guksu ($11)
Fruit Bibim Guksu ($10.50)
Salt Soo Yuk ($9) Pork Belly

I did enjoy the Fruit Bibim Guksu which is cold noodle in a spicy fruit broth. Refreshing on a hot summer day. This is quite unique and not offered in most other restaurants.

Sous-vide seems to be such a popular preparation/cooking method for a lot of the chef nowadays. The chicken and pork belly were both prepared that way. Pork belly was soft and tender and the chicken was moist.

The Guksu and Noodle is put a modern twist to Korean Noodle dish from presentation and cooking method. The taste also more subtle and refine.

Worth giving them a try."
"The Passport to Prana brought me to Tula Central.

This is a busy studio! When I went in the front door.. all the shoes are scattered all over the floor..and I could not even find a cloth hanger for my jacket!! 

I was a little worry, because one thing I hate is being in a class with more than 20 students. However to my surprise, all these people are waiting for the heated class! And the Gentle Hatha class I am in only has TWO students!! (haha, that's my kind of class)

Neil at the front desk made me feel really welcome. He even give me a little tour of the studio. There are 2 practice room, one room temperature and one heated. There are 2 small change rooms for the ladies (one with 2 washrooms/2 showers, one just a room to change) There are rooms for treatments and therapy too.

The change room can get really crowded! Ok it was really really crowded! I can't imagine when all those people waiting to take a showers after a hot hatha class...

The room temperature room is nice and cosy. It is lit by candles only..so the lighting is nice and soft... great place to relax. The class was great! The teacher was really courteous and ask if we prefer adjustments (I want to tell her please come and adjust me, you can even give me a full Thai massage!) 

There are not many props to use. Though in the room there are fit balls, those are probably used during Pilates classes.

After I finish my class, there are over 20 students waiting to get into the last Hot Hatha Class of the day!

Tula has this young vibe and is a studio that is full of energy. I definitely will be back to take advantage of the intro offer of $10 for the first class and free for the second class."
"Toro Sushi is definitely a welcome replacement of the previous AYCE restaurant.

A complete renovation of the interior giving the place a much modern vibe. 

Food wise is A-OK with a choice of Japanese and Korean item on the menu, for sure you can find something that you like even if you are not into sushi.

Lunch Special daily till 3 pm with prices starting at $8.95.

LS1 Sushi Lunch ($10.95) and LS10 Beef Bone Broth ($8.95) were decent. The sushi was nicely plated, unfortunately the Beef Bone Soup was not hot enough even when serving in a hot bowl. 

Toro Sushi is a nice addition to the neighbourhood. A great option for lunch or dinner if you are in the area.

Grand Opening Special for Oyster. Maybe I go for some oyster next time!"
"I have been coming to this Best Buy for years. Located inside Markville Mall right at the corner of McCowan and Hwy 7. Really convenient with tons of parking.

Staffs here are all really friendly and helpful. I did a few returns here for web orders products for various reasons and never have encounter any problems.

The entrance though is quite hidden."
"I came here with high expectation.

Maybe I did not watch my movie in one of those IMAX or Ultra AVX theatre, I found the over all experience is similar to other suburban theatres I had been to.

But mind you, having 14 cinemas gave me a good selections of movies and great for last minute decision to catch a movie.

For a theatre this size, I was surprise to find there are only handful of washrooms available... after drinking that mega size soda, I really need to go washroom breaks!"
"I am such a weakness when I step into a European Bakery... when I see all those big, chubby, doughy bread all on display.. I want to smell them and just could not decide which one to get!

Epi Breads... I can smell those oh so fresh oh so carbs oh so soft oh so textured bread when I step inside the store...

All Butter Croissants ($2.10)
- Quite Flaky and Buttery outside
- Soft and Doughy inside...

I have to come back and try the other offerings, which looks mighty interesting..."
"A lot of CB2 accessories for kitchen and home looks really familiar.... 

I think I seen them somewhere else? In someone's home? In some restaurants?

But I do like the pricing... which is quite affordable and some of the items are great gifts to someone as house warming gifts!

Furniture wise.. I do find a few interesting pieces... especially the outdoor furniture... dreaming having one of those day beds on my patio... until I see the price.. :)

The store itself is well layout... high ceiling... inviting comfy looking furniture.... 

There is also a small clearance section upstairs but the discount is just too minimum to worth your while!"
"1.5 star

I guess I am wrong!!

The curry tastes worse than Fried Kuey Teow.

Laksa can be renamed to be Curry Chicken Vermicelli noodle. The noodle was so overcooked and mushy...

No my Yelp friend, I don't need to try your Curry Chicken. I am eating curry chicken already.

Price is good? But this is Chinese version of Malay food?

I don't think there will be a third time.. but is third time suppose to be Lucky?"
"There used be 2 locations for Judy Cuisine. One at Scarborough Midland just north of Finch and other one at Time Square (Leslie/Hwy 7) at Richmond Hill.The one at Scarborough has been closed for business for over 1 year. 

I have to say this place has the best XO stired fried rice noodle roll! Much better than Congee Wong or Keung Kee any other places I been too..There used XO sauce that they made themselves and they put tons of dried scallops in! 

Their congees are really good too... I love the big bowel seafood congee the best. They but salmon, white fish, scallops, abalone, shrimps, squids..

For lunch they have $4.50 special everyday has choice of different kind of stir fried noodles and fried rice. (The specials are in Chinese, so you might have to ask for translation)

All patrons that comes for lunch all served with a free glass of Soy Bean Milk.

Another good thing is it is open till 2 AM every night!! 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"My Spicy Cold Noodle ($7.99) was really good. Savory, Sour and Spicy at the same time.

It took me 5 minute to eat my noodle but 30 minute for it to be ready.

On a Saturday afternoon, the wait staff and the kitchen seemed to be overwhelm with a full house. 

If you are in a rush, don't come here. The only items that can be serve fast is their congee and cold dish. Since a lot of the item is made when order, it might take my whole lunch break to be ready... I almost just walked out without eating.."
"Good Food! Good Price!! Good Place for Takeout!

My favourite food from here are:
- Gado Gado 
- Singapore Laksa
- Asam Laksa
- Mee Goreng (Yellow Noodles with Seafood in Sambal Sauce)
- Tom Yam Chicken Noodles in Soup

I always has the takeout menu ready so I can call whenever I has any carvings!!"
"This review of SpirtHouse is based on my ""Happy Hour"" before 7 pm experience.

SpiritHouse, you had me at $2 oysters before 7.

The shucked oysters were just so fresh and the house made condiments were quite good. However, I do prefer the simple freshly grounded horseradish and a dash of lemon on fresh oysters!.

$7 for double mixed drinks was A-OK. Gin Gin Mule and Greyhound were both refreshing, just like home made pop but more flavoured. I don't really feel the alcohol that much even when those were a double!

Sitting at the bar if you are alone definitely a lot better than at the tavern like tables. But if I ever drop by with a big group, I want to chill out at those comfy sectional sofas which has more a lounge like vibe.

Custom Flights of their huge collection of whiskies and spirits are available. And of course for beer lovers there are also some seasonal local beers from Mill St and Amsterdam.

I would definitely be back before 7 to enjoy more $2 oysters.... a cocktail or 2 doesn't hurt either."
"Another studio that accepts Passport to Prana!

It is a small studio but it has varieties of classes like Pilates Reformer, hatha, restorative, Iyengar and yin. They also offers massages, acupuncture, chinese medicine.

When you walked in there are slippers if you do prefer to wear.

I was there early for a restorative class on a Sunday afternoon.  The studio was quiet since it was a nice day out! There were only 5 of us in class. tons of props for use: blosters, blankets, blocks, chairs, straps, eye pillows, sand bags They even has free mat for use if you do forget your own mat.

The room is small but it was ok, since only 5 of us. The class was really relaxing and our teacher was really attentive and make sure we has all our props set up properly .. even offer me eye pillow and cover me with blankets

The change room has 1 shower and 1 washroom (there is also another a unisex bathroom). There are plenty of supplies: hair dryers, towels, female hygeneic  supplies, lockers.. (ps toilet paper is nice and soft, the best in any of the studios!!)

This is more than a yoga studio as it provided a lot of different services, I would say it is more like a wellness centre.

There are plenty of parking on the side street."
"Not too often that one would have walked into an EMPTY Starbucks!! No one was here! All the empty tables and each table has this their own electric outlets right under the seats too!! 

I got so excited as I thought I can just upload some photos and write some reviews... then GEE!! The WIFI is NOT working!!! :( 

Yes I know Internet collections may not be reliable.. but ......... 

TIPS: If a Starbucks is empty.. with no one... ask if the WIFI is working before you commit yourself to buy the coffee, set up your laptop and trying to be comfy.. ASK first if the Internet is WORKING!!"
"This is my first time going to the annual Hot and Spicy Festival down and Harbourfront Centre. I guess I was expecting to have a lot of food vendor and I was disappointed. 

Most of the vendors that participated are selling hot sauces, mustard and more hot sauces... Might as well renamed the event to Hot and Spicy Sauces Festival. 

The Iron Chef Final on the last day was interesting though... and I got to sample the winner's cooking at the end of the show!! 

If you are in the area, definitely drop by. But doesn't worth a special trip for this!"
"Chang'e Studio will be closing their doors...as of March 27, 2011"
"CMYE: Bloordale Bar Crawl #5 

Drinks: Mill Street Lemon Tea Beer

Drift was surprisingly quiet... painfully dead compare to Three Speed... But being quiet does have its advantages... as Drift is a good place if you want to have some down time or more personal time with your friend.

Though the draft choices were limited... the bottled options were huge.. and did make my Yelp Drinking Buddy a little confused for awhile..

Sweet Potato Fries ($4) was disappointing... I found it a little mushy and a little burnt...but I was hungry.. and I would eat that and drink my beer and be happy

My Yelp Drinking Buddy since having a Steak Sandwich at Three Speed is ready for dessert.. Chocolate Flourless Cake ($6) topped with roasted peanuts which he enjoyed... For me is another brownie moment... and I feel like I need my Coffee!!

Candlelight .. Soft Music...Cheap food... Reasonable Priced Drinks...Comfy Armchairs...All elements for a Cheap Date... or a Night Cap to end our bar crawl... 

The End........."
"Sunnie Bakery is one of those more modern Chinese bakery.

Selections here are pretty good with a mix of Chinese traditional pastries or Chinese Western pastries.

Everything is 20% off but their price point is a higher than the no frills traditional bakeries as my Chinese version of a Portuguese tart is around $ 1.16 even with 20% off.

If you want variety give Sunnie Bakery a try... but if you want to stuff yourself with cheap $1 for 3 buns, go somewhere else!"
"A quick drink was all I had at Otto's Bierhalle. The experience was good enough as I know I would be back for a repeat visit.

Beer though definitely is the star here. There are 24 taps on rotating features local and imported beers. Though not all German beers but the choice is diversify. If you don't like anything??, there are also 50+ bottles available.

Arriving on a late Wednesday evening and the place was packed! I was lucky there was a lone bar seating available. So definitely make a reservation if you come in a group. Service was fast and friendly. See all the food coming out of the kitchen while enjoying my beer, I know next time I would have to be back for a taste of their food offerings. 

A little on the pricey side for the experience. But this is Queen St W afterall."
"2 Star for food (dim sum) + 1 Star for Service

Lei Yue Mun Steam Hot Pot is not a place to come alone during dinner time. Minimum order is the Seafood Platter for 2 at $70 or a plate of beef for $22.99 and the soup base is starting from $12.99. 

From 8 am to 5 pm, they do have dim sum offering. Not a bad option as the $6.99 for 6 items were doable as a single diner. But I would suggest just have dim sum at a regular dim sum restaurant. 

Dim Sum after ordered was steamed at the steamer at the table. At least they were freshly steamed. Don't order Egg York Lava Custard Bun as the filling was like a solid lump. Timing is really off. The other items were OK.

+1 Star for the nice waitress that serves me.

If you want to eat healthy, steaming maybe the way to go without being oily. But I can steam all my food at home..."
"Finally!

Aroma Espresso Bar finally opens up in Markham. Thanks Chris C for the location tip as I was wandering around the mall with my bags and could not find this new coffee place. 

Fast Efficient Service. The order taker is just so sweet and friendly. My Double Shot Long Macchiato ($2.50) was perfectly made. Love the milk froth. If you want to be really caffeinated, you won't be disappointed with Aroma coffee!

Opens at 8 am. Perfect to come and pick up a coffee and a baked treat which is all made in house.

I know I will be back as there are not too many good espresso bar up in this part of Markham that makes a decent espresso drink."
"I should have listened when my Yelp friend casually mentioned that I don't really enjoy AYCE experience.

This review is based on my lunch experience at Yokohama Japanese Cuisine $13.99 with 15% off if paid by Cash. 

We ordered a whole table of food to try. Personally I think most of the food was a miss.

The only sushi I enjoyed were the hand rolls which were all freshly prepared as the seaweed was still crunchy! Some of the maki rolls were premade as the rice were mushy and hard...  

The buffet area where you supposed to get your own miso soup, lobster soup, seaweed salad, mango salad was just filthy! No one really bother to wipe the area down as the counter was caked with dried soup. The ice cream in the freezer just looked gross and the cake that was set in the open was not too appetizing.

The hot food all tasted similar with similar sauces. The shrimp tempura though was quite good! Chicken wings tasted stale and please don't order the ramen.

Ipad ordering is cool but really they need to improve on the quality of their food! Service was friendly and fast though.

I doubt I would be back."
"I don't know why my Yelp friend spent so much time to decide which of the 5 beers to be included in the $13 Beer Flight at Indie Ale House!

I wanted to screamed just ordered them all!! But I was not thinking straight after having beer sampling at Junction Craft Brewing earlier.....

Ended up we ordered 2 sample trays anyway... what we had is not really relevant since quite a few of their offerings are seasonal but we did enjoy:

Barnyard Rye IPA
Zombie Apocalypse Imperial Stout
Instigator IPA - One of their Flagship
Jump The Shark
Glory and Consequences
Breakfast Porter
St Crispin's Mild - Light and Crisp with no aftertaste... 3.5% drinks like a light beer!
Cockpuncher IPA - @100 IBU and 11%!!! and love the bad ass name!!
Witner Toquie

We also shared Butter squash Samosa and Pulled Pork Spring Roll which were both great as snack as we drank our beers!

Love the set up!! It is one of the best brewpub I been to in Toronto that serves decent food and will a beer hall like setting! Service was excellent as our server patiently help us select our drinks!

The Junction Neighbourhood is so lucky to have Indie Ale House!! I definitely will be back for some more sampling next time when I am in the neighbourhood!

Just give me everything on the beer menu!!!"
"2.5 Star

Spicy House is just like another Northern Chinese restaurants popping up all over Toronto and GTA. Similar Menu, Similar Layout, Similar Food.. 

It is great that more new restaurants are opening up but as many are closing now. 

Sticky table, Sticky Floors

Spicy food? Just put in more chili oil. 

Free appetizers of shredded potato and peanuts were quite good. +0.5

Sadly the rice on my rice dish was cold and hard. The meat though plentiful. At $7.95 was reasonably priced.

Opens till 2 am. Anyone want to share some spicy and oily food, this might be the place."
"This is the second TownePlace Suites I stayed within a week and I am starting to love this Marriott's brand.

Even with the basic 2 Queen Beds Studio set up, the room is spacious. I do like how the sink is right outside the bathroom especially if you have 2 people sharing a room. The kitchen is well equipped with utensils if you do want to make yourself a small meal.

Breakfast is included but we did not partake as there are so many different options to eat in the area, we are in Markham/Scarborough after all.

The 24/7 coffee/tea station up in 14th floor is welcoming, if you don't want to brew your own coffee in your room or just want to get some hot water.

There are plenty of parking in the covered parking structure next door. Overnight parking is not free but $5 is reasonable."
"Although Boston Steakhouse is a steakhouse, please don't ever go there if you want to eat Steak.

This is a really HK style Western food. They charge a really low price but their steak are not good cut. The meat are all marinated in baking soda so it suppose to make the cheap cut meat tender.

The steak are all served on a hot sizzling plate and they pull the sauce on top right at your table. And the smell does get in your clothes and your hair...(my dog loves me after I have dinner there :3 )

The set lunch and dinner are priced good... $6.95 or so that comes with a HK style Russian Borscht soup (which sometimes they water down if they are busy and they did not prepare enough soup) and drink."
"Huge Storefront Window overlooking Queen West....

Sunny and Warm Sunday Afternoon...

A well made Americano ($2.75) in a mug is all I need...

And an electric outlet right under my seat with Free Wifi..

Capital Espresso has all the elements that makes me a happy camper...."
"Park Lane Beauty is one of the best value in town for a basic  facial.

The basic facial that last 90 min includes:
- hand treatment: your hands will be covered in lotion and put in a plastic wrap and inside a warm glove for almost 1 hour
- full facial cleanse and exfoliation under a steaming mist 
- removal of white and black heads
- facial hair removal by threading (quite painful makes my eyes all watery but afterwards my face is so smooth!)
- eye brow trimming
- facial massage
- head, upper shoulder and neck massage
- full facial mask choice of masks depends on your skin type 

And the price is $23 for first visit! And the package deal is great around $25 after that.

Their massage is $48 for 1 hour, it is a full body massage!

I usually bring my own massage oil and facial massage cream there since I am really picky about what they put on my body.

The therapists are all great and attentive. There are also other slimming treatments and facial treatments.

It might not be a really posh and spa like environment but such a good value!"
"- No Frills
- Wal Mart
- LCBO
- Pet Valu
- Agincourt Library

Those are all the business I frequent at Agincourt Mall. But they all located outside or have their own entrance facing the parking lot.

I hardly even go inside... since there are nothing much there!

Agincourt Mall though is really convenient for the residents of the senior apartments across the street."
"I love watching Hockey.  I still hope one day the Maple Leafs would bring the Stanley Cup home.

While walking around Hockey Hall of Fame, I saw the good old days when the Leafs was the Champion... but it was 1967... more than 40 years ago... 

I love to watch all the old uniforms and all the old hockey equipments... The staffs here are all hockey fans as they always has a story or 2 to tell about each exhibits.. 

Wayne G, Steve Y, Mario L, Mark M, Patrick R, Scott S just to name a few of my favourite players over the years that got inducted into the Hall of Fame....

I find out I am not that a bad hockey player while playing the interactive game.. especially as a goalie... I just need to stand still and the imaginary pucks would just hit me......and I made all those standing marvellous saves!

I can imagine visiting the HHOF would inspired all these future hockey players and how little boys and girls would have a fun and educated visit... Hey even I felt inspired to laced up my hockey skates and go for a spin and shoot some pucks!"
"When I stepped inside The Tea Emporium this afternoon, I just wanted to browse around for a couple of minutes. 

My couple of minutes stay ended up being half a hour!! I know it is not usual for me that happen... but when I saw the tea drinking area, I want to stay in and enjoy a pot of tea!! 

It is like a lounge... a diva lounge for tea drinkers... those comfy cushions, the warm and welcoming deco...made me feel like I found where I belong? 

The lone staff here was friendly, nice and knowledgeable.. and so welcoming.. 

While I got myself comfy and daydreaming about Taiwan tea house experience somewhere far far away... my tea was delivered..hmmmm 3 minutes on the timer and it's ready! 

Formosa Oolong 
- served in a teapot steaming hot 
- heavy body with hint of smokiness 
- reddish in colour and strong in flavour 

I drank and enjoyed pots of hot tea.. watching the sunshine through the windows........life's still good!"
"2.5 Star

The Beer Flight ($11.75) for 9 samples + root beer is definitely a bargain at Granite Brewery & Restaurant. 

However, I found most of their beer they brewed lacks character and personally I am not a fan.

The Carrot Cake with whiskey sauce and whipped cream ($5.99) on the other hand was a winner. I only able to have 1 bite and then the whole slice was gone so fast...

Granite Brewery does feel dated, maybe it is its charm but it is definitely not my pint of beer!"
"Bete Avon has a really strange menu. When my Yelp friend suggested that why we come here and sent me their menu on justeat.ca and I was thinking gee Pizza?? Why we are coming all the way to have pizza... then I saw... 

Tunisian Sandwich ($7.50) and Shaksuka ($8.95)? What are those? I have no idea... ended up I was lucky since none of them has raisins inside!! 

Tunisian Sandwich is really tuna and egg sandwich with spicy sauce..It was quite good especially the whole wheat French baguette. The pickles and eggplants garnishes went well with the spicy sauce made this sandwich refreshing and light! 

Shaksuka means mixture which is really eggs cooked in tomato, onions and spices eaten with bread. It for sure sounded like something I would have for breakfast or brunch! 

Bete Avon is a friendly family runned business. Really simple like any pizza takeout joint. There are some tables that you can enjoy your food on paper plate with plastic utensils. 

BTW, the staffs started laughing when we were cross examing our food and taking photos.. They wouldn't believe that we just ordered something that we don't know what they really are?!"
"You probably have been drinking beans roasted by Social Coffee Company around Toronto (R2, Thor), GTA (Tamp, Red Bulb) and even in Montreal (Caffe Art Java) without realizing it!  And I am glad that I finally dropped by to pick up the roaster at source and get some of their products and support a local business!

The smell of roasting filled the air once I got out of my car. I know I going to pick up something good...

What should I pick?
- Blend? Organic? Single Origin?
- Or I just love smelling the beans?

A little pricier than your usual ""supermarket"" blend 12  oz starting at $13 but quite in line with other local roasters in Toronto. And if you don't have the transportation to get up here in Richmond Hill? No worries as free delivery anywhere in Canada/USA with minimum of $25/$35 purchase.

Of course, I would rather visit the store to pick up a bag or 2. Smelling the beans before buying just make the experience so much better!"
"Donair.. I never have a Nova Scotian Donair before until now.. 

Thanks, The Fuzz Box, now I know what's my new drunk food. A donair with well spiced grounded beef drenched with this addictive, delicious sweet and garlicky sauce. The wrap is warm, soft and moist with this heavy texture.

My original donair ($5.99) was just perfect. Biting into the donair with all the sauce, meat and tomato all splashing out. So good..

Rabbit Stew ($7.99) was the Special of the Day. A little peppery, a little creamy and really tasty.

The service is excellent! Personally and Friendly!

I will be back for more of those delicious donair.. I guess food taste better after a few beer... 

Cash Only!"
"2.5 star

2 star + 0.5 star for opening 24/7 

Owl of Minerva was the only restaurants that was still open for business when we dropped by around 10:30 pm looking for food. And being opening 24 hours, it was packed even on a Thursday night!

Service was a little disoriented and staff looked a little tired. We ordered:

Gom Tang (Beef Bone Soup) - My friend ate the order without much complaints but I guess he was hungry? All he said it tasted really beefy.

Chicken Kalguksu (handmade, knife-cut wheat flour noodles)  - I love noodles but this bowl of noodles might be one of the worse one I had. The broth and the chicken was good but the noodle has this gluey texture and nasty after taste.

$20 or more total bill for Credit/Debit card use."
"Beaver Tails Food Truck!!

I know it is just a fried dough tops with sugar and sweet.. but when it is pipping hot and smell so so good..... hmmm! Everything about diet, sugar level, junk calories, cholesterol level can all be forgotten!

Perfect carnivals and festival food.. and you can find the Truck popping in around the GTA at Ribfest, Food Truck Events and even on street in Toronto especially near the U of T's St George Campus.

Chocolate Hazelnut  ($4.42) is not overly sweet. I think mine is from a baby beaver?? I definitely can eat that all by myself in record speed!!

Carbs! Sugar! Happy Tummy!

Even my vegetarian friend can enjoy a Beaver Tail!!"
"Sunrise Caribbean Restaurant is located at Markham and Sheppard. Really convenient location close to 401...

Even though the place is quite new..it already has the run down vibe I guess to match other restaurants in the plaza?

I would suggest stick with lunch specials at $5 changes everyday which are much better deal than other combos or dinner menu.

Oxtail with Rice and Peas ($8.19)
- pricey for the portion... great as a snack.. a pricey snack!
- The oxtail was nice and tender.. and the sauce has this little spicy kick to it but  not overwhelming ...went so well with the rice and peas!

As a fast food place, my order took a litle while to get ready. 

I still HUNGRY after eating that!! What should I have next?!!"
"I love Chinese place for dessert! Why?? Because of the varieties in what they offer! 

Pun Cao Tong Herbal is one of these Chinese dessert place I enjoy! There are such a huge menu of what to eat.. all I would love to try! Sometimes it is even hard to make up one's mind!

The dessert I decided on is the mango with glass jelly and black glutinous rice ($4.50). There are chunks of mango inside! Not too sweet, but nice and refreshing!

There are only 1 waitress working here on a Sunday afternoon, but the place is not busy.. The service is cold and indifference... wish she can say thank you and smile more to the customers. (I know it sucks to work on a nice sunny Sunday afternoon!)  

I would be definitely be back again to try out other desserts! One good thing is for Chinese, some desserts suppose to be GOOD for us! They can give us better complexion and health. It is hard to believe, but this maybe just an excuse for me to eat dessert every chance I got!?"
"This newest LCBO in Aurora should have make any drinkers happy.

I like the well balanced inventories of wine, beer and liquor and all forms of adult beverages that contains alcohol. 

Walk in Beer Cooler area is neat but can be quite chilly if you shop in there for awhile without a light jacket. I do like to examine and take my time when picking up my beers! The local craft beer selection is quite decent and we ended up getting a lot more beers that we planned. 

If you are a wine lover, you won't be disappointed either. A dedicated area for Ontario wines. I doubt that they able to stock wines from every single wineries in Ontario but the selection is impressive.

Staff here is friendly and more than happy to offer help.

This is one of the better LCBO in the area and definitely worth a visit!"
"Latte Mei is located in the food court of Shops on Yonge.

I have never been to their Dundas location which is now closed so this is the first time I ever have their famous Savory Cream Tea.

Savory Cream Black Tea ($3.99) does have a great balance of sweet and savory. Great for people like me that not into drinks that are too sweet. I ended up getting Cane Black Tea ($3.49) for my friend since they are doing a Buy one and get one for $1 Grand Opening Special!

I do love the different combination of tea that Latte Mei offers. And wait they have snow ice too! Perfect for those hot days of summer!"
"I use my passport to prana for one of the Vinyasa Flow class.

The studio is really small, they don't even has their own bathroom....has to ask for a key to use the public washroom across from the hallway. The building feels a little seedy..but I guess I am used to the uptown newer studios, so it may be just me!

However, the practice room is nice and roomy with really high ceiling! There are big windows that let all the nature light coming in.

The class was great! 

I can't wait to go back there again."
"If not for Savour York Region, I would never experience Spinello and doesn't realize what I have been missing.

Dinner Menu for $25 is definitely a steal.

Mushroom Salad
- Love the Shaved Parmesan Cheese and of course I am a fan of mushroom

Fish Feature of the Day
- Perfectly grilled fish so light and flaky and the pesto sauce enhance the flavours make this a really balance dish

Tiramisu
- Not the traditional version and I found it taste more like a cake

Wine Selection here is excellent. The staff here are really knowledgeable and able to help you in making recommendation.

Love the House Red!"
"Not my usual or the best Shoppers Drug Mart I had been to.

Set up is a little awkward with 2 level of shopping. Beauty and Sundries on the first level and Pharmacy/medication supplies on the 2nd floor. 

The good thing is they have a lot of markdown and clearance items aside from the usual weekly sale offering. Most of the specials are shelved like regular merchandise. Please double check expiry date. I found quite a few items were way passed their best date of use for over 2 months."
"This LCBO is located on the East side of Promenade Mall. 

All the shelves are well stocked specially have a good selection of Malt Whiskey.

There is also a separate section at the back with Kosher products.

Curiously, this is the only LCBO I been to that carries Great Wall Cabernet Sauvignon. Not that I am too anxious in spending $16 on a bottle of Made In China red.

The Vintage section has way better and interesting collection!"
"Finally come back to Spynga Downtown location for a Spynga Flow Class.

The spining room is a smaller than the Thornhill location. The bikes are set up really close to each other and space definitely is really tight.

Class was quite good....... 

I like the schedule here at this location much better than Thornhill but I love the cycling room up at Thornhill...."
"Turbo Lounge is a good place if you just want to have a drink or just some bar food.. but it will be the last place I would go with all these other options in the area.

The place just a little too tight for groups as tables and booths are all really close together. 

The menu is sticky with some sauces on some of the pages..

Price wise is decent and I do love the Beer Tower!

The free food that comes with the drinks are just strange, who going to eat carrot and celery sticks with beer and drinks? I feel like a rabbit.. :)

Maybe I would give this place a higher rating if I able to utilize the patio next time.. if there is a nice time!"
"I am getting really confused when I walked around Pacific Mall. You know how it is when you walking around and you started talking to yourself ..Did I just walked by this place??

Fruity Juice Bar could be called Juice BarS as there are at least 3 locations+ inside Pacific Mall!!

If you are into Mango... you are in for a treat! 

Mango/Mango Coconut/Mango with Aloe Vera/Mango Lychee 

With Free Tapioca/Popping Boba/Jelly

I wondering when they going to have Durian specials!!"
"I been coming back to Konner Chinese Restaurant for dinners a couple of time, and both times I have good experiences and of course great yelper dinner mates! 

Now I realized that make Konner's spiciness uniquely different is their spiciness is garlicky spicy... yes they are still hot and have a great kick but it is more than pure spicy.. sometimes just being hot makes some dishes lost their character..and every thing just kind of taste the same!! 

Other dishes I tried: 

Spicy winkles ($6.99) 
- winkles kind of looks like little snails. Stirred fired in a black bean garlic chili sauce 
- I was trying to suck them out.. but really you do need to pick them out with toothpicks 

Steamed Fish Head with Pepper ($15.99) 
- If you like fish heads... there are a lot of gooey goodness inside the head.. and be cool when your friends making sucking noises when they eating the fish eyes..... 
- Just look spicy with all the red chili.. but quite savoury 

Steamed Taro with Pepper ($8.99) 
- A healthy option... maybe just too healthy... 
- steaming the Taro does changed the texture, my fellow yelpers were not too impressed.. but I have to give credit for the huge portion... 

Dong Ting Duck Noodle ($6.99) 
- Great savoury duck broth, surprising good tasting.. 
- Big portion good value!! 

Chicken in Hot Pot ($11.99) 
- interesting presentation with the burner heating the hot pot 
- chicken a little rubbery and dry and tasteless 

Services here always surprising good. Waitresses speak limited English... Mandarin preferred.. but with all the photos in the menu, you would not have problem ordering.."
"Hiro Sushi House is another newly opened Japanese sushi joint along Yonge Street. Sometimes I wondering if everyone love eating sushi as much as me, that new sushi places keeps opening up in this neighbourhood. 

Lunch Specials always the magic word for me.. just hearing that would have attract me to at least give most of the restaurants a try. Hiro Sushi House for sure has great lunch specials menu starting from $6.95 and serves till 4:00 PM!! 

Tempura Combo ($10.95) 
- Miso Soup/Salad and Shrimp Tempura, 5 pcs Sushi and 6 pcs Chef's Choice Roll 
- My Shrimp and Veggie Tempura arrived in a bento box with salad, rice, gyoza and some fried items on the side. I was thinking that is quite big..and where are my sushi! I want my sushi!! 
- My waitress put my order in wrong... instead of Tempura Combo, she put in Shrimp Tempura ($8.95) 
- The owner was really nice. I ended up getting my Sushi and rolls plus the Shrimp Tempura bento box too... So much food.. I was so full... 
- I love the Tempura, crispy with a really light batter.. not too oily and were all deep fried to light golden brown. 
- Sushi was so so... especially the rolls were not too good. AYCE quality... Shari rice was really mashed up... and just lack the fluffiness 

The wait staffs here are really nice and young Korean girls.. attentive and soft spoken. The owner was around greeting all the tables and making sure every customers were happy! 

Visa and Mastercard only!"
"The early Sunday morning Yin Yang Flow class I attended was really calming and relaxing. 

The room though kind of awkward feels like 2 smaller room set at right angle... and it was kind of small. One of the smallest practice room I been to with my passport to prana. 

Topical muscle relaxation lotion was applied on our shoulders when we were doing our yin pose. It has a numbing effect and that sensation does need to get use to. She did ask before class if any of us would prefer not to have any adjustment. I think that is really important as not everyone like to be touch/massage. 

The whole class was really passive and we did a lot of hip opening poses. I was glad that I did not sweat much as there are no shower facilities and washrooms right outside the studio. 

The nice thing was after the class, the instructor was nice enough to ask my name and welcome me to the studio."
"Sweet welcoming aroma of freshly baked bread when I stepped into Hot Oven Bakery on a Sunday afternoon! 

Great selections of pastries, cookies, pies and breads. The baked goods have more a rustic look and so pleasing to the eyes...

Ended up getting 2 crisps (dried fruits and nuts) and an almond cookie.. they tasted A-OK...

The servers here were quite friendly... really patient when I took my sweet time to pick what I want!"
"I used my Passport to Prana for this particular studio visit.

I feel really welcome when I arrived to the reception area. They even comment on what a good deal my passport is!

The change room is small... Yes I kind of expect that. 2 washrooms, 2 showers. 

I love the waiting area though, has comfy cushions and the whole vibe is really relaxing.

The class I took is a Kriya class.. not my favourite... (it was my first time trying Kriya, don't know what to expect!) The room was nice and HOT! Yes really HOT.. much hotter than my usual Moksha class..

But I really enjoy this nice little studio. I for sure will visit it again when I am in the area!

PS there are tons of street parking during the weekend!! YEAH!!"
"When I saw The Lansdowne Cone while walking up Lansdowne in the heat... my search for my dessert has ended! I am at Ice Cream Oasis! :)

All the choices.. I hate making choices...and everything looks so good aside from Rum & Raisins...

Pistachio Almond Crunch+Dark Chocolate ($3.25) was nice and creamy.. They were so hard freezing cold that the nice staff took a long time to scoop them out... I like them hard and cold, who wants to eat half melting ice cream?

yummmmmmy licking good!

One thing lacking is that sweet smell of waffle cones... but the great selections of the ice cream does make up for that!

TLC is a great addition in the Bloordale neighbourhood!"
"Located inside Quicken Loans Arena is a 2 storeys retail outlet that carries Cavailiers' gears and memorabilia. Opens Monday - Saturday 9 am to 5 pm but of course opens whenever there is a Cavaliers' game going on!

If you want to have the best shopping experience, maybe best to visit during regular business hours. The team shop was just packed with all these enthusiastic fans shopping and can be quite crowded. The staff all trying their best to help but sometimes just so hard when everyone was unfolding those $10 Tshirts! 

Yes T-shirts and Hats for $10! And there are also better quality items that are on sale in the lower level.

For ladies and kids, all the merchandise is located on the upper level which is a lot more quieter than then main floor.

Worth coming in to check out and maybe you will find something you like and more!"
"I don't frequent Swiss Chalet that often but just could not resist the $14.99 Dinner for 2 Special.

Food was quite standard, at least it did not go downhill over the years. Green Side Salad was quite fresh but if you are a big eater, you can probably ate the dinner for 2 all by yourself.

Service was though friendly and attentive even our bill was not too big.

And it is right next to Harvey's. One can pick up a burger if still hungry."
"Please note that you cannot use the passport to prana for both locations. So either you go to the one at Danforth or the one at College.

**** I got verifcation that there should be no problem using passport for both locations."
"Hillcrest Mall is a little boring.... but there is nothing really in the area that can be consider as a ""Mall"", the closest one to the West  is Promenade and to the East is Markville.

Clean enough... I usually end up never buy anything here?! It maybe a good if I want to save money, just want to walk around and exercise a little on a cold winter day.

York Region Police also has a community outreach and vehicle accident reporting facilities in the mall, which I would rather not utilize.

There is a Panera Bread in the Parking lot which I visit quite a bit to meet up with my friend.

Plenty of Parking!! Bring your car!"
"I doubt I will ever has a Tai Tai (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tai_tai) to prepare any bento box for me as lunch. However, Tai Tai Box maybe the closest thing I would experienced!

Tai Tai Box ($8.99) was made when ordered: the deep fried items (Gillette Shrimps and Takoyaki) were all fresh and not oily at all! Side Salad and Miso Soup on the side.

Good as a take out or if you prefer to eat in, there is a little counter with 4 bar stools for your dine in pleasure.

Staff is so friendly and cheerful and even ask me to have a cup of green tea while I wait for me food.

I will be back! They even serves fresh shucked oysters (40 cents each extra for labour) or you can just buy them to shuck at home!"
"3.5 star

I like to drink! I like bar crawl! But I need to eat and not to drink on empty stomach.

Thanks Eric the owner/chef at Hadley's for the inviting to ""pig"" out at his restaurant. 

I drank: Hadley's Smokin' Ceasar ($7.50)
- It was a little off with the mix... no, not because it is spicy but I seems to have a touch too much of Worcestershire Sauce and not enough Clamato Juice
- Every single Ceasar served at the table looked like they all have a different shade of red

I shared: Pulled Pork ($10) with Potato Salad
- Wish for more pork
- the BBQ sauce definitely on the sweet side
- Potato Salad over seasoned!!! I could not even eat that!

I have a taste: Hamburger with Fries ($10)
- I just have a taste of the patty: which was overcooked and dry...

 and 1/2 Pork Ribs ($17).
- The best choice of the night! Just the right touch of sauce and tender and meaty... Pork Ribs!!

Hadley's has this great friendly vibe and the services was excellent! 

I think I need to come back for Brunch, maybe?"
"Oh mine!! This David's Tea location is the BEST I have been to!!

One would have argue.. it is just another Franchise.. selling similar products.. tea just tea? David's Tea is just another David's Tea? No.. not really!!

Patio.. right on Queen Street West.. great place to people watching and enjoying Toronto's Summer!

Free Wifi with electric plugs! My Yelp ""Blogger"" Friend was so content while I was in my yoga class, she was still at the same bar stool exactly where I left her with my Ipod :)

Amazing Staff!! At least that friendly dude that served us! My friend just could not decide what tea to have.. All she said I want a iced tea... And off he went and grabbed over 10 different tea leaves for her to smell... That's what I call SERVICE!!

My Organic Throat Soother ($2.50) was awesome! He put in just the right amount of honey to give my tea a hint of sweetness..... perfect for my dried and itchy throat..........

Now I know where to hang out while I am in the area.. or when I just OD on cafferine and just want to have some tea!"
"3.5 star 

Specials brought me to Yummy Pho! When I saw the coupon for a free pork rolls in the magazine yesterday night, I know where I am going for lunch today. 

Yummy Pho is located at the plaza right behind First Markham Place next to A la Kitchen. 

Nice decoration and extremely clean as it was just open recently. Menu is really simple, not as extensive as other restaurant but still has all the usual Pho, Bun and Rice dishes. 

Lunch Specials on weekdays for $1 extra for a drink of your choice, that includes cold Vietnamese coffee!!! which cost $3.25 regularly! 

Special House Pho ($6.80) was nicely done. Perfect size for lunch as I enjoyed that with my complimentary pork rolls. Broth was clear and quite flavoured, dry noodles was nicely done and have a lot of meat..... 

Iced Coffee for a $1 was strong.... really strong.... really fixed my caffeine craving...... 

And when I saw my bill, there's another special... 10% off grand opening specials!! 

I guess all these specials makes Yummy Pho really special! Come and take advantage of all these grand opening specials before they are gone! 

Cash Only!"
"Seafood Combo with Abalone+Live Octopus+Sea Squirt+Sea Cucumber for $59.95 does sounds interesting.

Unfortunately we were here at Marado Sushi for their lunch special and having Live Octopus for lunch just a little too much for me.

Lunch Combo starting from $9 with choice of sushi/sashimi,Tempura/Teriyaki, Katsu Don and Fish Stew.

We ended up sharing A Course ($12.95) which includes salad, Tempura, Sashimi/Maki/Sushi was decent especially if you want to try out a few things they offers. We also order a Spicy Fish of the Day Soup with Rice ($12.95). It has half a fish head and chucks of fish. Great if you love fish.

Having the banchens as appetizers was quite nice.

Marado Sushi is not bad if you want to have some sushi fix if you are in the neighbourhood. But seems like their specialty is their live seafood: Sannakji and other Korean seafood delight. That would be another review update for that visit."
"A library with a history! Thornhill Village Library was built 1851 and has been a library since 1959!

I couldn't stop admiring it.. the building itself is in a modest domestic Classical Revival style... and those white picket fences just so cute! 

Interior though smallish does have this cozy feel to it. And if you are brave enough and walk past all the toys and the kids zone, you will find an nice open area with high ceilings, numerous computer terminals and a seating area with armchairs and sofa.

Quiet... so quiet... and from what I heard there are a ghosts or 2 in here.... the whisperings..............the foot steps......... the occupants from the past....

A library with a history...."
"Japanese or Korean or both!

Roll N Bowl is a good restaurant to have dinner with indecisive dinner mates as I think everyone would find something they enjoy in their menu.

I was here for lunch and dinner. 

Their signature is quite good but just little over sauced for my taste. And sometimes their rolls can be sloppy prepared. 

Bulgogi was flavourable and the meat was of decent cut. It will make any meat lover happy.

Not a bad option if you are in the neighbourhood."
"Reesors Thornhill Market takes up almost 1/4 of retail space inside of York Farmers Market.

Great Selections of Cheese... in fact a whole fridge on the side is dedicated to cheese... and if you want to get some in bulk, there is a cheese counter too.  

Cold Cuts? Deli Meats? Sausages? Yes they have that!

And of course Fresh fruits and vegetables...."
"Mikado Japanese Restaurant is nice and homey.... 

Stepping inside takes me back in time and across the oceans, feels like I am in a small restaurant in a small Japanese village 30 years + ago... Hey it is not a bad thing.. as it does have its traditional charm. 

Even the waitress and the sushi chefs and the kitchen help all dressed in the more traditional clothings.. they wear it like everyday clothes not like a costumes in some other restaurants. 

Lunch Specials from $9.99 Bento Box which comes in a separate sheet and the usual Lunch menu. 

Fuji Lunch with Ice cream ($14.99) 
- You have a choice of Egg Drop Soup or Miso Soup.. My Miso Soup was A-OK 
- Salad with ginger dressing.. so so... why most of the places I been to have to drown their fresh green in dressing that makes me really not understand, so I will request, dressing on the side from now on 
- 9 pcs Sushi - 3 cucumber rolls/3 tuna roll/Salmon/Tuna/Shrimp nirgri A-OK.. the seaweed is crispy and have a great flavour. The fish are good and fresh.. the Shari rice is standard.. I found it a little hard did not Wow me 
- Shrimp and Veggie Tempura the choice of veggie is really good: green bean, cauliflower, yam, broccoli, eggplant and pepper.. love the veggie. The Shrimp is really fresh, moist..and tender.. but the batter is a little heavy to my liking 
- ice cream you have a choose for green tea, vanilla and black seasame.. hmmm black seasame always my fave! Great to have that as one of the selections! 

Portion is a little small.. I feel like I just started eating after having that.. maybe I have to order more!! :) 

Services here is nice and friendly.. Japanese lady is so high energy, talking in her high pitch voice..like a happy little girl! :P 

BTW there are no cellphone signs everywhere on the wall, on the hot water heater.. everywhere I look. 

I would definitely recommend Mikado if you have craving for a authentic and traditional Japanese experience.. here you will get excellent Japanese services and food and even sitting at the tatami room at the back.

3.5 star"
"Walkers Fishmarket and Hockey Playoffs? 

I never know that I will be watching a playoff game in a Seafood restaurant... Nice Ambiance... and with 3 TVs showing different games..... with no volume or caption though...but it is not really a sport bar. 

Fresh Oysters, Fish, Shrimp and Steak and even Chicken...? so everyone will find something they like... (but seriously who is coming to a Fishmarket for chicken... probably he/she got drag here unwillingly!) 

Oyster Samplers ($18.95) Large with 2 of each today selection 
- Apalachicola, Raspberry Point, Beausoleil and Blue Point Oysters were offered 
- Shucked by our lovely waitress... they kept them iced at the side of the bar area 
- Served with cocktail sauce, fresh horseradish, hot sauce or a garlicky sauce.. or if you prefer freshness just like me, a drizzle of fresh lemon juice would have do the trick 

Peel and Eat Shrimp and Crawfish ($11.95) 
- good fingering food to go with the beer and watching hockey game..much healthier than eating Nachos 
- Funny thing is the seasonings they used tasted like celery, combined that with Louisiana sauce marinated reminded my friend of Bloody Caesar.. I love Bloody Caesar but I rather drinking it! 

Banana Bread Pudding ($7.95) 
- highly recommended by our waitress 
- I found it just way too doughy, heavy and hard, we cannot even finish that.. and you know how my friend just hate to waste food.. and it was just that bad! 
- I am glad there was no raisins being harmed in making this dessert though... 
- BTW there are Banana Bread Pudding that are made with RAISINS! 

Services was excellent! Waitress was so nice and friendly... and we have so much fun, at least I had.. I hope my friend was not embrassed when I was clapping my hands when my team scored!"
"Rabbit, Frog, Chicken, Turtle.. You read about them all in fairy tales and children's storybooks.

But this evening at our Scary Fear Factor UYE, they are all on our dinner table.

#209 Szechuan Rabbit Head $15.99
- Compare to the photos I saw on google, this is not at all scary
- Hardly has enough meat or interesting thing to munch on
- The veggies on the side though spicy and interesting: Rabbit in the forest...
- Where is my Beer?

#207 Spicy Frog $15.99
- Frog swimming in a red spicy broth..
- The meat is quite tender and lean... taste like chicken? 
- Where is the head?

#208 Special Deep Fried Diced Chicken with Dried Chili $13.99 
- little pieces of diced chicken hidden in a mountain of chili pepper... 
- just like a treasure hunt that we have to look for those chicken pieces.. 
- peppercorns tingly and numbing spicy
- Where is my Beer!

River Turtle and Tender Hen with Soup ($58.99)  
- What a presentation!
- Accordingly to folklore (Ba Wang Bie Ji - Farewell My Concubine), this is a special dish connected with a moving story in Chinese history. This moving story is widely known among the Chinese and this dish is created by Xuzhou people to commemorate them. The dish is made by steaming turtle and chicken in a pottery pot with fresh soup, wine, shallots, hams, mushrooms and other ingredients. It is famous for the crisp meat, mellow and fresh soup as well as its novel appearance *
- A soup with a story, a presentation and suppose to be good for your health too!

Thanks for everyone that comes out  for the UYE with an open mind and great attitude! The food might be scary for some, but they are traditional Szechuan area dishes that serves in China. 

Authentic Szechuan Cuisine is definitely authentic, a taste of Szechuan in Scarborough!

But really they don't have any Chinese Imported beers at all? All sold out? How's disappointing!



*Source: China Travel Guide"
"I guess I got Lucky at Lucky Season Cuisine or I just visit when it was empty for an early dinner. 

Prices wise Lucky Season for sure is on the more pricey side most of the dishes are $12 and over, their set dinner with shark fin soup for 2 cost $47, so we ended up sticking with today specials. 

Whole Chicken for $13 is definitely pretty good price and the Baby Snow Peas with Mushrooms ($12) is quite sizable. 

Services were good and attentive. Our side plates full of chicken bones was replaced a couple of time during the course of the dinner... 

But Lucky Season Cuisine is definitely not a place to go if you have just 2 people...and for sure alone.... One of the places you wish that all your friends can come along!"
"This Second Cup has the most friendly and helpful barista I ever met.

Spacious with ample seating and closes at 11 pm on weekdays and 12 am on weekends!

The only problem maybe the lack of electric outlets.. For a huge coffee shop there are only 3 electric outlets. So make sure your laptop is all charged up!

If it is winter cold and freezing outside, don't sit near the huge window... If you do, you might need to keep your winter jacket on!"
"Bowling anyone?!

Cosmic Bowling? Disco Music?

World Bowl just did a renovation so the facilities are up to date and the washrooms are nice and clean.

Rental Shoes for $3 are quite clean and in good condition. Max of 6 people per lane, I hope someone would have let me know....

Great specials on certain time $18.88 per hour lane rental for sure is a good deal...Maybe I need to come back and practice and brush up my bowling skills!

Staffs though were a little indifferent..... Meh...."
"Negril Jerk Food is a really hole in the wall take out restaurant.  Yes there is really a hole where you place your order and you can see them preparing your food in that hole.

From outside Negril Jerk Food looks a little sketchy but when I went inside though the place is nice and sparkling clean.  This take out joint is runned by a nice friendly Jamaican family with really simple menu.

They do have daily specials which changes everyday. I decide on the half Jerk Chicken Combo ($6.25) and Curry Chicken Roti ($6.95) extra spicy. The food was packed in hot dog look alike containers and off I go in 10 minute.

The Jerk Chicken is so nice and tender and juicy. I think it taste more like the Chinese style soya chicken and brushed with hot jerk sauce. The chicken just fall off the bones when I was eating that.. and the rice with peas was great. I finished the whole order by myself and I was happy.

For the Chicken Roti, I shared with my coworker 2 hours later. It is still warm in the foam container, but I decide to heat that up in the microwave for 1 min. We both love the roti. The chicken is perfectly cooked so really tender with a great mix of chuncky potatoes. It has just enough curry sauce but not overflowing with it. The roti wrapping itself is great too, no funny flourly taste and not thick just perfect to pick it up and eat as a wrap. The spiciness is just perfect for my taste too.

We both agree that the roti tasted better than the one we have at Real Jerk a few weeks ago!!

I would definitely be back to try out others food in the menu or getting the daily specials.

They accepts Debit with 50 cents surcharges."
They are CLOSED!!
"I always get overwhelmed and could not decide what to eat when I stand in the parking lot of First Markham Place!

I ended up going to Szechuan Garden not because I have a craving for spicy food... All I see that big sign screaming ""YUMMY DUMPLINGS"" and "" Half off 2nd order"", I know what I am having for lunch today!!

16 different kind of steamed dumpling choose from!! Decision Decisions.... 

Steamed Shrimp & Pork Dumplings ($4.50) 

Of course I have to order a second to get my 50% off Steamed Chive & Pork Dumplings ($3.99 @ $2)

Both are good, tasty and fresh!!! The wrappings are not dough and the fillings full of soup! Yes, I ate them all! Deliciously good!!

The good thing is the discount valid anytime!!

Now I know where to come for my dumpling fix!!"
"I am so surprise that Pandora opened up a store at Shops on Steeles & 404. Compare to other tenants, it is really out of place.. So much more swanky, sophisticated in the deco and the merchandise they offers... 

I was browsing a little bit on a weekday afternoon and there were quite a few customers purchasing and browsing too... And surprisingly a lot of them are men!! I guess they are shopping for their loves one for Valentine's Day. 

The good thing about Pandora's charms they have such a great selections and price range so basically you can always budget accordingly... 

I know because my sister has one of those Pandora's bracelet and she always loves a charm or 2 for the special occasions.."
"Max's Market is such a delightful place for someone like me!

- that loves to eat but not good at cooking
- that is loves to look and all these beautifully prepared food on displays
- that wants to see all these prepared food from all around the world in one store (not that I would have got their Chinese food here! :P)
- that likes to look at all the fancy ingredients that are not available in a supermarket near you

Basically, you can get a full meals in here.. from starter, app, main, desserts... and great if you are entertaining and have someone you want to impress... (think candlelight romantic dinner at home...)

Prices wise.. you are paying for the convenient and the one stop shopping.. so you are really paying for it! and maybe worth it to some!

BTW, there are a lot of free samples on the counter... at least 5 kinds of cheese the day I was there!"
"Sharon Garden Korean BBQ & Grill newly open at Victoria Park & Mcnicoll has this familiar sign... SONG Cook! 

One of the most nicely decorated Korean Restaurants in the neighborhood. Service is friendly and attentive.

Menu is similar to Song Cook, with a selection of Korean and Korean staples. Just love the combo for 1, great for solo diner like me.

Grilled Mackerel ($5) and Soya Braised Beef Rib ($13) both exceeded my expectation in presentation and flavour. The ingredients used were good quality and prepared with care.

I am excited to have Sharon in this Scarborough neighbourhood. I definitely will be back soon.

The dining area are divided into sections so you can book a section for a private event."
"Mega Box is quite convenient if you are in the area and don't feel like venture down to Pacific Mall to get services and accessories for mobile phone. Parking here is more manageable at FMP and you don't need to go through a maze of alleys to find what you need.

I had my micro sim card cut to nano and purchase an adapter kit with a phone case. Price is is reasonable.

Hopefully, I won't need any major repairs for my phones but if I do, I will come back to Mega Box for a quote."
"Bingsoo done right!

I am not sure what kind of new concept dessert that Korea New Concept Dessert offers. I just ordered my same old Matcha Green Tea Bingsoo.

I like how there was red bean layered inside the ice and the ice itself did not melt and get watery even when I took my time taking photos and after eating it! 

The decor inside is simple and nothing really Instagrammable. I kind of like it this way.

They have some heavier dessert that comes with cheesecake and a lot of carbs. Probably I would need to share that with someone."
"Drinking out from a Tim Horton's mug? Priceless! 

A good neighbourhood Tim Hortons to hang out. Interior is Spacious with high ceiling. 

Plenty of parking as it just shares a private lot with a dry cleaner.

BTW, the coffee does tastes much better in a mug than from one of their paper cup! At least most of the patrons here thinks so!"
"I have to declare Tula Central HOT yoga class is the HOTTEST yoga classes I been to!! 

I took advantage of the $10 for first class and 2nd class for free... and join my fellow yoga ""who loves it HOT because she is hot"" yelper for a yoga meet up. 

The class was packed, to max... but still have enough space for me to move around without hitting others. But in that kind of heat and humidity I just don't want to move!! I cannot even lay down in peace.. because the air was so humid and I could not breathe....... hot hot hot... 

A couple of the students left the room and never came back, I really have to control my urges of just jumping up and leave and go out in the cold winter night!"
"BonBon ($2.25) Espresso with Condensed Milk might be one of my favourite espresso drink as dessert.

I were more impressed with the espresso drinks at Cachitos than the actual ""cachitos"" which we ordered were both underwhelming. Spinach with ricotta and parmesan/Jamon y queso (ham and cheese).

Sugar Cane Juice though was refreshing on a hot day."
"Sadly I did not have lobster here... Since lobster is not included in their lunch special aside from lobster congee or E-Fu noodle which cost $12.99, a little over my lunch budget.

Lunch Special available from 11 am - 5 pm everyday, with most of the items around $5.99-$6.99 that includes a drink.

When the waitress put my order of Fried Rice Noodle with Beef ($5.99) in front of me, I asked for a takeout container right away, as I know no way I going to finish that without having an upset stomach later...

Portion is huge. Like HUGE!!

The noodle was fried nicely with a smokey taste which I really enjoyed!

Now I have enough leftover for tomorrow lunch... 

HK Milk Tea was really meh though. Maybe getting the Soup of the Day would be better?

The deco and layout is exactly the same as the previous restaurant in the same location. My table is a little bit sticky.. Dirty Cheap Chinese??"
"Soft Served Ice Cream............ OH YAY!!!!

So creamy.. So airy...So  soft....  Tom's Dairy Freeze you really impressed me!!  Now when I think of Soft Served, Tom, you are my man! :)

Since soft served ice cream has to be eaten on the spot.. it  made the experience not able to be duplicated at home... and making it always a joy to enjoy it the moment before it melt away... which can be nasty! (Yelp Friend Hey you! Stop licking your fingers and made a mess!)

I really like Tom's Dairy Freeze's that has this 50's vibe... not only in the deco..but here there is nothing about all natural, organic, low fat., sugar free...just plain old sinful delight for one to enjoy!

And BTW, Soft serve is also much lower in fat than conventional ice cream, because of the increased air content, and it has a lighter flavor! And the lower milk-fat content (3 to 6%) compared to ice cream (10 to 16%)..

Can I use this as an excuse for me to indulge and get an Large next time??  Yes Absolutely!!"
"The smell of waffle in the air!

WaffleBar does brings back memory of my trip to Brussels, where I ate  a Liege-style, not a Brussel-Style waffle on the street! That's what WaffleBar made freshly for me when order!

Naked Waffles ($3.50) is hot to touch sprinkled with just the right amount of powder sugar. Doughy and heavy in a good way. There is a choice of topping up with whipped cream, berries and ice cream..but for me I always like mine plain! Just like the real experience, I ate my waffle using my hand and enjoyed every bite of it!

The owners here are really friendly and nice. There is also a small table inside the store if you want to enjoy your treat with a cup of coffee here.

There are also some to go package..."
"3.5 star This review is based on a lunch/brunch experience. 

Tapagria is a welcome addition in Markham. This is probably the only Spanish/Tapas option in the area so I wish they will do well.

Love the set up! So spacious with the high ceiling. The deco is trendy and down to earth. 

A little disappointed with the menu as the selection is quite limited. I don't even see Churros on that? And wait staff never offer or ask us if we would like some dessert? CHURROS!

Sangrita ($9) and Spanish Coffee ($8) were quite standard. I am more interesting in their pitcher of different Sangria which I probably will try next time if I can get at least one more drinking mate.

Kale and Cauliflower ($4) and Jamon Serrano ($12). Love K & C but I think should just splurge on Jamon Iberico instead. Serrano just would not do it as it was really chewy and without that melt in the mouth wow factor.

Steak & Eggs ($18): Portion side was A-OK. I like the touch of spiciness on the potatoes. Skirt Steak cooked medium rare can be a little chewy. I will order that again if I come with a meatlover.

I already eyeing their Tuesday $1 a shuck and Monday Sangria Paella Night. I think I will be back for dinner and have some CHURROS!"
"Was here for a quick lunch, so time for an update.

The service and the food both were decent. I was in and out in less than 20 minute.

Not as good as the good old days but not a bad choice for a bite if you are in the area."
"4.5 stars based on the Prix Menu that available for dinner 7 days a week! 

Talking about PATIO!!! La Societe is the place if you are into Patio! That patio right on the sidewalk of Bloor Street is so so neat... and place to be on a nice summer evening or anytime when the weather is nice! 

Upstairs where the main restaurant is has another patio...and La Societe is huge and so beautifully decorated! There are a lot of wait staffs working here serving customers and you always get excellent and attentive services! 

Prix Menu ($36) though limited in choices... but I know I want Steak Frites as main so I definitely suggest you stay with the Prix if you are in for the value. 

Appetizer: 
Boston Lettuce with Roquefort and Toasted Walnut Vinaigrette is A OK... I love walnuts so I really enjoy the salad... light and refreshing! 

Main: 
Steak Frites was a little more than medium rare... but it was still juicy and tender... It can get pretty heavily with the butter as garnish as I could not finish even half of that and my dinner mate is in luck to have the rest of my steak! 

Dessert: 
Warm Chocolate Lava Cake for sure is the winner! My dinner mate refused to share that with me and he was practically licking the plate clean... 
Creme Brulee was so so... not bad but in comparison to warm chocolate cake.... I want to have that cake all by myself!! Why am I stuck with the creme brulee??!!! 

Next time when I come to La Societe again, I want to sit in the Patio drink some white wine and have some oysters and pretend I am somewhere in Paris......"
"44,000 Sq of Shopping Space!!

Welcome Sporting Life to Hillcrest Mall.

I always love browsing around Sporting Life because they carries the best winter wear all under one roof. I can try them all and with all this selection, picking one always been the hardest decision. Sometimes I do get sticker shock when I saw the coat I am trying on is $3000++. I would wait for a sale.

This store is new, spacious, organized and welcoming. Let's keep it that way!"
"What better than having a beer out on a patio on nice evening before dinner??  Pour House Irish Pub is a good choice if you are in the neighbourhood.

I doubt I would have stay if I am going to have a drink inside at the bar or the dining area as it is just so dark, depressing.... but when I walked to the back patio, I know I am staying for a drink.

1/2 pint Guinness $5 tax in for sure is not a deal...but having a drink and enjoying the summer breeze is priceless.. :)

Where is my Yelp Drinking Buddy? He was  just taking his sweet time and missed all the fun!!"
"Dr. Generosity, what a nice, pleasant surprise! Maybe I should not be surprise because I came here for brunch after reading all these 4 stars+ yelp reviews!

Advice: 
-If anyone in your group was whining that there is a line up and want to leave, ignore that person! They can go somewhere else but you are staying!
- Don't sit at the bar when there is a line! Wait for one of the tables in the dinning room! You really don't want to have 20 people lining up behind your back whining while you enjoying your brunch!

Love the nice, warm and classy dark wood interior... A nice and joyful vibe in the dining area.. who should not be joyful? The food here is awesome!

Huervos Rancheros! Yes it is really good! order that and you won't regret..and good call to have side salad instead of the potato.. as it can get really heavy with all the starch and meat and beans! (writing about makes me free like having one NOW!)

Eggs Dostoyefsky is as good too.. but nothing compare to the Huervos Rancheros!

Services here is friendly, attentive and efficient! My kind of place!"
"It is kind of a good feeling to be lost in roll of rolls of booze at LCBO Summerhill!

Best selections of everything and anything! 

The building itself is really interesting as it used to be a train station and I love how they kept a lot of the details and have them integrated into the existing design. The cashier area  used to be the waiting/ticketing area is exceptional nice with the high ceilings and the huge windows!

There are so many beers here I could not find in my neighbourhood LCBO! I guess I have to drop by here more often and pick some up!"
"Little House HK Cafe is another HK style cafe in the area. To survive in this competitive market is not easy and I am not really sure if they would make it if they don't make some changes.

Afternoon Tea Special: Satay Beef Vermicelli ($6.95) was a fail. There was hardly any satay taste and the beef was dried and hard.

Menu is quite small vs other restaurants and if they are struggling with such a small menu, I really have doubts with the kitchen staff.

Hopefully, they would improve and work out all the kinks in the near future."
"That hot sauce made in house is spicy and wicked. Please proceed with care.

Happy Hour Special on a weekday is worth coming to enjoy those tasty fried chicken at $2 a piece per drink order from 5 pm to 7 pm. So juicy and crispy.

Bar Fancy is nothing fancy. It has this speakeasy feel. The entrance is at the back after you walk through a little alleyway. It was kind of dark but the Tiger Beer sign would lead the way.

Interior is dark. Music is loud. Does remind me of some bars in Thailand...."
"I had been to Royal sushi for lunch. I found it was quite standard in terms of food quality The service though really friendly.

It did have a lot of potential but sadly with all these sushi restaurants opening all over town, it is not easy to run a business."
"D'Lunch Specials! 

When I walked into D'Rollz, that 's the first thing I saw... Any rice based dishes for $7.99 includes a pop/water from 11 AM to 2 PM. Any lunch specials sounded good to me.... 

The outside of D'Rollz is really deceiving with all those food photos as decoration, I expected a dumpy takeout joint and I walked in I found a trendy lounge like environment.. not that I don't enjoy that.. I feel trendy and chic while I dine on some good tasting Indonesian food with my 2 lovely lunch dates! 

D' Coconut Thai Vegetarian Curry with brown rice 
- Though it is not on the menu, but my date always able to request vegetarian options no matter where..(maybe not The Stockyard..but they have fries?) 
- great mixture of vegetables, especially king oyster mushroom! 

D' Shrimp with rice 
- Really light in taste.. good compliment to shrimps which were cooked perfectly...to the stage of just barely cooked through... 
- sauce has a lot of dried shallots.. which give the shrimp must of the flavour 

D'Red Coconut Indo Chicken with Rice 
- Rich coconut based curry.. with a nice kick... 
- we requested extra spicy because the nice cashier said it not they are all prepared Canadian spicy = mild... 

$1 extra to add D'Crisp (Semarang style spring roll, made mainly from cooked bamboo shoots and chicken) which 2 of us opt for except our vegetarian friend. The main different from other spring rolls is that it was filled with bamboo shoots. BTW, bamboo shoots are high in fibre..which is much healthier than a meat based spring rolls. 

After reading Wayne C's review, I was all excited to try out their D'Pudding... and so sad.. it is no longer on the menu.. why? why? I WANT my Ruummmm Pudding!!! The staff said no one is ordering it, aside from Wayne C, so they took that off.. now they only has: 

D'Coconut Custard Tart ($1.49) 
- Not to be mistaken with the Egg Tart that I usually has.. the tart is more like a coconut sponge cake make into a tart shape and topped with some toasted coconut bits.. 
- Tasted quite good and we all enjoyed that! 

Now every Saturday, D'Rollz will turned into a Live Jazz Venue..now that's sure sounded like a great place to bring your date here to enjoy some good food, good music for a reasonable price!!"
"Usually Congee Queen has consistent quality of food in most of their restaurants but this location had been consistently disappointed me.

Today might be the last draw as the congee we ordered has no seasoning in it and the fish still has small pieces of bones."
"I don't really need to have any ice cream. It was a chilly rainy autumn afternoon. I should be drinking a hot chocolate....

But the moment this friendly guy greeted us and offers us samples. I need ice cream. I want ice cream. I should be eating ice cream anytime of the year!

We sampled a few favours and settle on the Roasted Marshmallow. 

We left happy and feeling so good about ourselves eating that tasty ice cream....

Greg's Ice Cream, thanks for making my day!"
"This maybe the best Burger's Priest location in terms of seating arrangement that I have been to.

Compared to their first location where everything started, at least I have somewhere to sit and somewhere to wash my hands before and after I enjoyed my meals.

I would highly recommend The Vatican or any variations Vs the normal or my Holy Smoke. If you do want to go all the way, that buttered grilled cheese buns were just so sinfully good.  The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse seems to be the ultimate to order but it was just little too much with all the elements.

Overall, I found most of the food a little too salty for my preference and I would not order the fries nor the chili fries again. 

I probably would be back for The Vatican.  And The Vatican Only."
"Jimmy's Coffee is our final stop for our Koffee Krawl... But it is also the first stop for some of our yelpers.. especially those one that partied so hard the night before and could not make it before 1 pm! 

After having 4 cappuccinos..I am not really wired (maybe my fellow yelpers might disagree) but more like feel loaded with milk.... so I decide to try Jimmy's Americano ($2.25) instead. 

The lone barista here was so efficient... taking orders, making coffees and collecting money like a well tuned machine!! 

Though Jimmy's Coffee has a lot more seating than Thor but since it was set up to be laptop friendly so all the tables were taken and would likely be occupied for another hour or more at least. Luckily, it was a nice and warm afternoon.. the little patio at the storefront seems like a good place for us to decide where were going next. 

My Americano is a refreshing change from all cappuccinos I have been drinking this morning... It really woke up my palate.. bold and nutty, the way I like it! A perfect ending to my first UYE Koffee Krawl!"
Taste  of Japan is CLOSED!
"I know... why I am I have Pho when I am in Montreal? 

And I even there twice during my short stay?!! 

Yes, Pho Bang New York is definitely worth a repeat visit.

I suggest just order the Pho... the broth is one of the best I have... or the best I remembered... Great aroma, well seasoned with herbs, rich with beef flavour..... 

This restaurant is definitely packed! We ended up sharing a table with others and even have to step over people to get out!

The washroom is so clean... dare I say smell good?! One of the cleanest washrooms in a Vietnamese Pho joint!

Good washroom, excellent food... that really deserves a repeat visit!!"
"Slot? Poker or Live Horse Racing?

You can get all the above at Woodbine Racetrack. 

I usually try my luck with the slot machines but I am never that lucky. I found the slot area is quite crowded with machines packed a little too closely together.

Last week was the first time I checked out the horse racing area. And I think I might be converted to make my ""donation"" on horses instead of slots. I like the atmosphere and with the view of the race track while I pick my winning horses. The auto betting machine is quite easy to use.

And of course the Queen's Plate held every year at Woodbine Racetrack is the place to be if you are into horse racing."
"I love this Jimmy's location in Kensington Market a lot more than the one at Portland.

A lot for spacious both the interior and the patio area. 

Macchiato and Cortado both nicely made. I always enjoy the roast they use (Classic Gourmet Coffee), which is more bold and upfront.

If you are a laptop user, you will be delighted to find quite a few electrical outlets along the fences in the back patio! A nice sunny afternoon, on the patio, sipping my coffee and writing my Yelp reviews..."
"JJ's Eatery and Pub is an eatery, but definitely not a pub! 

Great place to grab a quick bite with a great selection of sandwiches, pasta, oh and if you consider chicken wings/chicken fingers/fish & chips pub food, then you can consider JJ's as a Pub?!

Since we are here for an afternoon snack, we decided to share a Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich ($9.99) with sweet potato fries. Deliciously good as my friend just ate that half in lighting speed and while I munched on the fries with curry mayo.

Service is excellent and polite. Waitress kept coming back to check on us and refill our water glasses.

JJ's Eatery is definitely worth dropping by for a quick lunch or dinner... trust me the food is way fresher and well made than any other restaurants in the area at this price point.

I did feel like a cheap date.. but I picked this place and I am glad I gave it a try!"
"3.5 Star 

The staff here at Japanese Ramen King is super friendly and helpful, not your typical ""Chinese"" restaurant experience. I would come back again to eat just because of them.

$6.99 Lunch Special which changes everyday. It can be rice bowl or ramen or whatever the kitchen might prepare. 

I was a little disappointed when I dropped by for lunch today with the special being Squid Rice Bowl. I want RAMEN! Noodle Soup!! The waitress said they can change that to a ramen! They are just so accommodating!

I want to have a snack too. She suggested chicken karaage and she can put in as a half order for me, SOLD! 

Squid Ramen ($6.99) lunch special
I like the noodle of the ramen which cooked perfectly with a chewy bit. The broth was simple and light and served steaming hot!! Squid was tender and plentiful.  

Chicken Karaage ($3.50) was A-OK. The chicken was not overcooked but if they were cut a little thicker, the pieces would be more juicy and meaty.

Japanese Ramen King does have quite a few varieties of Ramen with different kind of broth, I guess I need to come back to give them a try. And of course Sushi and Sashimi! Maybe with some sake!

BTW, if you want anything or any combination, just ask. They are flexible and more than willing to make you happy."
"My theory of this is a small world after all is so right. 

When I walked into My Kitchen... the waitress recognized me right away... Gee? Am I that famous as a yelper so the establishment will be in awe and felt so honoured that I come and review their business finally... 

Ended up the owner/the cook used to owned another business that I frequented and since the previous business closed down and he moved to open up My Kitchen and that was more than 3 years ago! 

My Kitchen's menu has a mixture of Cantonese cuisine and Chiu Chow Cuisine. The selections here are quite vast and with this kind of menu, you will able to find something that you enjoy! 

Lunch Specials $6.99 includes soup or HK style milk tea and an entrees.. 

Rice in Soup with assorted Seafood 
- a huge bowl of goodness includes veg, mushroom, scallops and shrimps 
- my lunch mate finished the whole order by himself without sharing.. it must be quite good, since he is a really picky eater 
- We opt for the daily soup instead which is fresh baby snow sprouts with chicken... nice and delicious and have tons of veggie inside 

Cuttlefish Balls with Seaweed Rice Noodle Soup ($4.50) 
- Chiu Chow Style restaurant are supposed to have good freshly made Cuttlefish Balls...and I am not disappointed.. tons of diced cuttlefish in each of the balls and they have great bite 
- Tons of seaweed... and they are suppose to be good for you: has anti oxidants and low one's blood pressure 

Rice Roll with Dried Shrimp and Green Onion ($2.75) 
- Freshly made to order!! I love rice roll in any form and with or without stuffings.. 
- Peanut, Hot, Sweet and Roasted Sesame on the table for you to custom made the perfect sauce to go with your rice roll! 

Fried Sesame Dough 
- I can eat the whole thing all by myself!! Though it is deep fried, but not oily at all... and the dough has a hint of sweetness... hmmmm... no sharing please!! 

So if you want to have a real Chinese breakfast which consider of congee/deep fried dough/bean sprout fried noodle, My Kitchen does have breakfast set from $2.99.

And if you want to try to have some authentic Chiu Chow style dinner.. this is the place to go to too!! 

They accepts Mastercard, Visa and Interac!"
"Another Uncle Tetsu's location just opened in Markham! This is at Pacific Mall right next to the South entrance.

No lines and no one waiting. 

Smallish just for take out. 

The staff here is nice and fast. 

Just have the more basic selection: Cheese cake and Honey Madelines."
"Self Serve Dog Wash...

$5 Special for Deluxe Wash which is regular for $15!

I think my dog is going to come here for his next bath and he can rate this Pet Valu!

The food selection might not be as good as the other pet stores I frequented but still quite decent. The selections of treats definitely A-OK. There are a large area devoted to dog outfits and toys, great to pick up your holiday present for your pet loving friend!

Same plaza as Whole Foods, LCBO, Panera Bread, Second Cup and Yogurty, parking can be crazy during the weekends but at least you can do all your shopping in one spot!"
"When I walked into Red House Bakery, the first thing that caught my eyes are the whole display cabinet full of COOKIES!! Those sinfully butter cookies that tastes so good and so bad for you at the same time.

With super will power and restrain, I just get one of those flaky shell egg tart...and a HK milk tea (1/2 sugar please). The egg tart has this dark yellowish colour... and yes tons of egg custard flavour without being too sweet. It went well with my strong milk tea, which has an bolder tea taste than others.

BTW, if you get 6 items then is taxes free plus 10% off, and make sure you don't ask to be packed individually in plastic bag, if so, no discount."
"This Fv Foods is located in an industrial area surrounded by garages and does looks sketchy....

You will find all the Fv Foods' baked bread, super sweet Filipino treats and even a hot table....

Price is the same or similar as you would get from other retailers. 

But now at least I am here to see where my favourite Ube cakes are made!

I just love purple yam!!!"
"Saje Natural Wellness is another West Coast company that opens shops in GTA .

The store just smell so good and of course if you enjoy the aroma of natural essential oil like I do  The smell of aromatherapy that calm the mind, heal the body and bringing balance by just breathe.

Love all the testers that available for sampling before purchasing. Or you don""t even need to buy anything, just come in for the experience.

Staff is passionate and knowledgable with all their products. 

Love their concept and what they offers.

Perfect gifts for yourself or your loved ones and the whole world would smell so good."
"I would never expect I can find something like The Feathers Pub in this area.

Over 400 Single Malts from over 100 distilleries! I don't think I can really make up my mind what to order! But they do have Feature flights ($65) that changes monthly or you can just pick one of the Whisky tours from $25.

Imports and Local Craft Beer! Their House Beers are Feather's Lager and Feather's Red brewed by Great Lakes Breweries. Black Oak and Cheshire Valley's beers also available on taps! 

We ended up coming here during Robbie Burns Day and the place was packed. The crowd was friendly and having a good time dancing to the lively music from the live performance. Do check their website for the most updated information as you might prefer coming on a quieter night if you want to enjoy your flight tasting and talk to the staff about single malts.

The Feathers Pub is a awesome pub if you want to come chill with friends and sip on some whiskies!"
"This is another example that even restaurants have the same name under the same franchise in the same city,  the quality of the food can be quite different!

This location of Kim Po restaurant is right across Market Village tucked in behind some construction site. 

The restaurant is small. The tables are tucked closely together.  And it can be quite chilly from the drift outside in winter if you sit in the middle of the restaurant.

This place is quite busy in the afternoon since there are constantly people coming in but luckily people are leaving quickly too since the services is fast and you really can finish your meal in less than 15/20 minutes!

Since there is no lunch specials so I order the Special House Pho Large ($6.95). Why I want to order a large? since they only has 3 sizes S/L/XL, and since with my last few outing I am always hungry after eating my medium Pho..I just want to be satisfy...not to have that empty feeling of ""I am still hungry""!

When my Pho arrived, yes this Pho size Large is a Large. There are tons of meat, tons of noodles and I barely finished it! (I am FULL! I am HAPPY!) The broth is really clear, just prefect tasting, not too salty, rich in flavour and did not make me thirsty after I finished eating and drinking it! The noodles though is dried but is cooked prefectly! The meat are good cut, though is not as lean but has the balance of fat and lean in it and it makes the meat all so tender.

I also has an iced vietnamese coffee with condensed milk. I just drank that as a dessert... oh so yummy, oh so strong! 

There are also tons of condiments on the table for you to use.

There are no cheesy or loud music/songs of any languages, just the sound of people making noises when they eating their noodles.. 

I want to be back and try out other noodles with spicy broth and the wide selections of noodles soup!

Cash Only!

(I am still full 2 hours after eating my Pho!)"
"To tell you the truth, from my limited experience of non Asian soups, I found most Western soups I got from restaurant really uninspiring. Either they are so creamy, so salty (really need to watch my sodium level), tasted like canned soup and full of MSG. 

Porcini Mushroom Bisque we ordered during our Mega food crawl is A-OK! The truffle oil is really the star of the show.. just smelling the oh so good and enriching smell just makes me heart go WoW! I think if I am going to have a real lunch at Ravi Soup, I would have order the combo with a wrap because eating/drinking this light soup alone will be too light a lunch for me. (OK, I guess I can always have dessert after!)

The patio at the back for sure is a nice place for a leisure lunch during a nice day. I found inside is a little stuffy and steamy...(maybe from the steam of all these soup warming up on the stoves)

However, I can find myself dropping by on a cold freezing snowy winter afternoon for some warm comfort soup......hmmmmm"
"Mercatino Ristorante is hidden off Hwy 7 inside an industrial/business area. I always glad that I have my Yelp friend and my GPS to guide me to these places.

Open only weekdays for lunch (11:30-3:00) serving the hungry lunch crowds in the area... and they all coming... even at almost 2 pm, the place is hopping with people. 

You can find all the classical Italian items on the menu and for sure one will find something they enjoy to eat.

My Margherita Pizza ($10) has exceptionally thin crust.. crunchy and light... I use the hot pepper olive oil to give it an extra kick!

Decoration is simple and pleasant in the theme of green and pine wood.  Staffs are warm and friendly!

Wine selections are limited but BYOW with $15 corkage fees.

I definitely want to come back to try their pasta and maybe even their lamb burger!"
"The Shops on Steeles and 404 is quite a decent neighbourhood mall. It is right next to 404 that makes it really accessible by car. Even it is located at Thornhill but since it is right on Steeles so still accessible by TTC. 

The Shops on Steels may not be the best mall to shop for gifts or high fashion but for everyday needs it has Shoppers Drug Mart, Food Basics, TD Bank, Scotia Bank... 

For food selections it is more interesting as there is quite a diversified offerings: Wimpy's Diner, Congee Queen, Oshio Japanese Restaurant and King's Wok 

If you do check their tenant directory most of them are services orientated: alternations, nails salon, accountants, dentist.... 

Love the Plasma TVs and the comfy sofa in the Centre Court area.. good place to hang out to watch some CP24 while you surf online using their free WIFI! 

*No too many shopping malls provide patron with free WIFI access..."
"This review for Naniwa-Taro will be based on the single item I ate there.. the Ramen. 

Yes I know.. it is bias
Yes I know... I should be ordering Takoyaki NOT a Ramen. 
Yes I know...I will be back again to try their Takoyaki and write an update, OK!

Finally Naniwa-Taro is opened after my numerous ""drop by"" attempt. Order the Vegetable Ramen with the pork option (extra $1). Don't order the Pork.. it is basically really fat pork meat boiled, really chewy and has no flavours at all. The soup base is one of the saltest I have, definitely not for you to drink as a soup! The noodle itself is ok, no bad.. but not something I will be daydreaming about.

After I ate the Ramen and grocery shopping in T&T, I have this urge to buy every cold refreshing drinks they have! Talks about MSG attack!

An update for Takoyaki from Naniwa-Taro will be available shortly! 

Stay Tuned!"
"3.5 Star

I am definitely surprised and impressed with the face lift and renovation of Bayview Food Mart! It is totally different from what I remembered!

The selections of products are just amazing with stuffs I cannot even find at T&T and Foody Mart and price are really competitive!

D24 Durian Moon cake direct from Singapore ($36), I think is the only moon cake I really want to try for this year Mid Autumn Festival! 

There is also great addition in Vietnamese, Taiwanese, Malaysian, Thai and Korean groceries which I did not find here before!

The store itself is just really clean and tidy.

I think I will be back shopping here again!!!"
"3 star for the food and the beer... 2 star for the service (one of the worst I experienced in Montreal during my short trip)

Bieres et compagnie has great selections of beer... pages and pages of beers... hard to make a choice especially the place is so dark...  Can you move the candle over?

Mussels... mussels are really good! I really enjoyed them... they are big and fresh and the broth just prefect with a hint of beer.

Hard to get any services... we were seated for a long time before anyone would take our orders... and then just wait for everything....  

The waitresses were busy talking to the patrons at the bar and the place was not even busy... maybe it was too dark they couldn't see us in the dark?"
"I have yet tried Bite Me Bakery's Cupcakes but I have to say Bite Me Bakery made  awesome eligible Golf Balls Cake Pops!

Thanks Bite Me Bakery for those awesome golf balls that looks so realistic and taste so yummy. So great looking that almost all of us were fooled thinking those were the real thing! 

I definitely would be trying out some of their cupcakes! 

But seriously, those white chocolate golf balls has even dimples and sitting on a tee!! I still cannot get over that!"
"Every table ordered a soup and I suggest you should too! The double boiled soup 燉湯 is aromatic and supposed to be health benefits too. There are a quite a few to choose from depends of your body condition!

You can order the soup alone or add wontons to the soup ($1 extra or so for 8). I personally didn't enjoy the filling of these pork wontons at all. They have this funky texture I didn't like: a bland tasting ball of bounciness.

Noodle in Peanut Sauce ($2.79) is as a good carb filler. Light with sourness and just a hint of peanut.

I would be back for more soup and might try other Fijian delicacy on the menu.

Service is fast and good for a quick bite. The interior is modern and well kept but I hope you like the Flashy Red decor theme."
"Z-teca really falling short even with my limited Burrito experience.

Ok I have Chino Locos... their Burritos are freaking awesome!! Something I dream about and I am down doomed... rating everything against theirs!

Z-teca burritos I just cannot stand it! The grilled chicken I have hardly have any chicken inside. The wrapping is just so doughy and it is just stuffed with tons of blend tasting of rice and veggie...

Even drowning it with hot sauce did not improve the taste at all! I love Todasco, if heavy dose of Todasco cannot revive this burritos...nothing will!!

The interior I find it a little cold.. with all the metals deco and the wooden chairs just downright uncomfortable!

No I will not be eating another Z-teca burrito even someone is buying! :)"
"This review would not have been possible without my Yelp friend picking up takeout for me from West Street Cuisine. So this review is based solely on food.

I now have grow to enjoy Guangzhou Style steamed rice roll. A little more chewy texture and more intense ""rice"" taste as most shops here prepared their paste from scratch.

West Street Cuisine is good value for the price and I really enjoyed their plain rice roll. For the meat rice roll, I found the filling is sub par.

Hopefully, some one nice would pick up some take out for me again!"
"This Starbucks has the biggest patio compare to any Starbucks I have been to. It is such a good place to chill on a sunny afternoon... Free wifi and a iced coffee/tea!

Even inside is nicely set up with 2 communal tables in the centre that each can seat 6 comfortably and there is 4 outlets built into each table!! This is heaven for laptop users!!!

And there are 8 armchairs, large and comfy. There are also some round tables for 2 if you want to hang out with your friends and have some privacy!

So much spaces... and there are no tables set up close to the washrooms.. 

Staffs are super friendly! 

Parking free after 6 pm on the side street or 1 hour from 10 am to 6 pm. And it is just north of Rosedale subway station if you take the TTC."
"Oysters.... Oysters.... I love Oysters!

Starting at $15.99 for a dozen...I should have practice my oyster shucking techniques more than my eating techniques!

Great selections of fresh fish and other seafood makes Poissonnerie Aqua Mare a winner at Marche Jean Talon.

When the market is busy, there is also a hot table where you can get some cooked food: soup, sandwiches etc and enjoy a light snack at the tables in the front of the store.

Now if I can find some Champagne to go with the Oysters!"
"I usually really skeptical about Summerlicious anything... because a lot of time you ended up with mediocre food and disappointment. 

However my experience at The Corner House Restaurant was so good during Summerlicious ($35) and in fact they going to extent the menu till 20th August and I might just come back for another meal!!! 

Love the setting and the location of The Corner House Restaurant, closed to Dupont Subway Station/Casa Loma and great area to walk around after and before the meal admiring all the houses.... 

I would definitely recommend dining here on a summer evening on their Patio! Surrounded by planters overflow with flowers, under the shady mature trees and with the light breeze of Summer.... so in tune with nature until my Yelp Drinking Buddy start crushing all the ants trying to attack him! 

My Summerlicious Choice ($35) with the help of my waiter: 
- Niagara Shaved Prosciutto with Spring Salad 
- Organic Tilapia with Summer Vegetables and Couscous 
- Caramelized Lemon Cream Tart 

All nicely done and enjoyable. Fresh ingredients and great if you are health conscious!! But for me as long as it taste good, and eating health is always a bonus!"
"Mercatino Express located right next to Mercatino Ristorante is great option for breakfast or lunch if you are in the area.

Opens at 7 am serving breakfast with a choice of Cornetto (Italian Style Croissants) with fillings or Frittata goes well with a cup of cappuccino or americano.

For lunch there are also sandwiches, soup and salad to choose from.

Great place for a quick and healthy meal...either to go or stay in. 

But of course if you do prefer something heavier with table service during lunch, then Mercatino Ristorante next door will be a better choice!"
"Xococava just being open 7 days a week till 10 PM that alone worth 1 extra star!! 

Kudo for all the staffs for working till late so some people like us can have some REAL dessert, cakes, pastries, chocolate, ice cream after 8 pm...

What's better to down a HUGE Hot Chocolate Con Cafe ($5.75) in record speed after dinner as we arrived 15 minute before closing...

I think someone need a Churros all for himself... but unfortunately, he was forced to share it with 2 lady yelpers and pretending to be a gent and with two against one..... so his churros was so short to even dip it into his drink!

Chai Spiced Cranberry Buttertart ($2.25) without raisins was perfect! Really complex in taste and lightly spiced and not overly sweetening... and if my fellow yelper want raisins.. I can just get a box of Sun-Maid raisins and let him dunk that in his drinks...

I think I will be back for some of those Szechwan peppercorn truffles... hmmm someone was looking at them and drooling on all the sweets Xococava offers!"
"Great Tasting Bar set up right in the middle of the store.

Huge vintage section! The best one I been to out of all the LCBOs! Don't be afraid of venturing into vintage area, as there are also reasonably priced wine from the mid $20s and up up up up!

Beer selections is excellent. You can get most of the beers that LCBO carries including the limited/seasonals.

Definitely a LCBO that worth visiting!!"
"Holland Marsh Wineries is a small winery located in GTA. I have drove by numerous of time and finally get to drop by for a tasting.

If you are into wine that has more of a sweet note, you would find something you enjoy here. Their bottles started at $14.95 with nothing too pricey, good for everyday enjoyable.

Tasting is $2 per sample and with every bottle $4 ($2x2 tasting) can be deduct off the purchasing price. Or you can opt for $10 for 6 samplings.

We ended up buying a bottle of white after doing the $10/6 samplings. But the staff says since it was a special tasting deal so there won't be any credit even with purchase which I found it was unreasonable. So I should just do 5 samplings for $10 and have $4 credit back for purchasing instead of feeling ripped off and left with a sour note.

I really hope they would adjust that policy or just not offers the so call ""tasting deal""."
"This is a really small SAQ with limited selections of wine... even their local wine selections are just a handful.

However, it is located right across from Notre Dame Cathedral in Old Montreal and just down the street from Palais Des Congres. So it is really convenient if you are in the area.

Staffs are friendly and speak English well in case you need help in English."
"Ring the bell if you want service! Seriously, if not you will be sitting here the whole evening watching PSY and wondering what's happen!

I dare you to order Korean Spicy... Yes they will do it for you.. and I had the spiciest fried chicken ($15.95) I ever had, lucky I have a beer to wash that down!! Sadly, white meat was used though a healthy option but just a tad dry. The chicken also lack the crispiness....

Grilled Squid in Hot Sauce ($8.95) though served on a heated iron pan but not sizzling... sauce is hot.. but taste a little one dimensional... But still OK to eat as a beer snack for late night!

My friend's Soon Tofu Stew ($7.95) though ordered regular spicy (mild) but he was just covered in sweat while eating that? He finished the whole soup with the help of some cold OJ ($2.50). Maybe he just weak?

Kayagum is awesome as a 24 hour restaurant as might want some spicy Soon Tofu as breakfast?!"
"3.5 Star

Peking Duck Kitchen serves really good Peking Duck ($40+)! Since every duck is roasted when ordered, it did take awhile for it to be ready. But the wait is totally worth it!! 

We opted for 烤鸭两吃 Two Style Roasted Duck ($48.99) Duck skin was so crispy and light!! They even serves some with sprinkles of white sugar. I just ate those like chips and they were so good: sweet and savory the same time! The meat was soft and has good duck meat flavour. 

You might need to order extra wrappings. Those wrappings were good (thin and soft), additional cost $3.90/10. All condiments are extra charges if you want to order more. 

Aside from their Signature Peking Duck, the other dish we ordered were tasty and had really good presentation! I did not expect from a small neighbourhood restaurant. 金汤娃娃菜 Dry Shrimps Baby Cabbage ($ 8.99)

Peking Duck Kitchen probably one of the best options for duck in this area. I think I would be back for more!

Pro Tip: order some cold dish to start as it did take over 20 min for the duck to arrive. Highly recommend the spicy pig stomach!"
"oh so soft and fluffy! Love the base of these Jelly Modern Doughnuts. 

The flavours are all really interesting and all so pretty. The option of having a smaller size is such a good idea as I can sample more without being on a sugar high. And the smaller size donuts are just so cute!

The interior is simple and cheerful. Though the sitting area is smallish but quite comfortable to enjoy your donut and a cup of tea. 

Ordering a box of sampler to take it to any gatherings sure will make your friends really happy!"
"3.5 Star

I like Sandwich that is packed with Meat! Oh so delicious meat!   

Here at The Greek Brothers you can find traditional Greek Sandwich Yeero which is really Gyros packed with either Pork or Chicken or both at a reasonable price.

My Pork Yeero ($5.91) was juicy and well flavoured! Top with Spicy Tzatziki, Tomato, Onion and Fries!   

Service here is fast and friendly. 

There is also dinner portion if you want something more substantial. But their sandwich is great as a quiet lunch option!"
"LCBO is just right next to Markham GO Station. Really convenient if you want to pick up something after getting off GO train...

It is quite small though with just handful of parking. The selections are not as good especially with beers.... But surprising they do have a bit more on sakes.. 

Only one staff working on a weekday afternoon... and surprisingly there are quite a few customers coming in..."
"Santorini Grill is now my to go to Greek restaurant for uptown...

This restaurant is huge... It is a Summer House that is built 1858 over 150 years ago..and Santorini Grill has done a marvellous job to converted that into a nice charming restaurant. 

The inside is modern and cozy... and there are a lot of separate section of private ares that you can host a private party.. or in the Summer the huge patio..or in the main dining area with skylight and big windows...

Santorini Grill maybe the place that converted me to become a lamb lover... 

Lamb Souvlaki on Pita Bread ($14)
- Cooked Medium is nice and tender.. and well seasoned....
- Pita Bread Soft and Fluffy
- Mixed Salad has the perfect dressing and oh so good Feta cheese

I will be back again.... For the food and the ambiance...

I don't believe now I start having craving for lamb!!"
"There are not too many Korean Restaurants around Vaughan Mills area, so Mo'Ramyun is a great addition!

Menu though is small but sometimes it is good as less decisions to make and the kitchen can concentrate to perfect their offerings.

On a cold day, noodle seems to be a good choice. Some hot stone bowl rice? Those really hit the spot and make me feel nice and warm. Mo'Ramyun Chicken Wings coated in crispy instant noodle was quite unique. 

Mo'Ramyun is a good option for some non traditional Korean style food. Price is fair and service is decent."
"In and Out with my Fried Chicken in 15 minutes! 

Jolly Crispy Chicken (Spicy) 2 pc Combo with Pineapple Drink and Corn
Jolly Spaghetti 
Peach Mango Pie

Crispy Chicken is the bomb! Love how moist the meat was and the skin so crunchy without being oily! Both pieces were of good size. The spicy powder on the skin was tasty. No, not really my level of spiciness but really enjoyable!

Spaghetti was a missed for me. For $4.99, I could not expect much. The pasta was cooked al dente which did not turn soggy at all. Hot dog in sweet tomato sauce.....

Fortunately, that Peach Mango Pie saved the day!! The crust was so good and this should make McD's feels ashame of their Apple Pie. A happy ending to any meal.

There was only handful of people in line in front of me when I arrived. I would wait 15 to 20 minutes for this but hours?!?! I am happy to come again if the wait is short. They are much better than other Fast Food Fried Chicken: KFC and even Popeyes."
"Lamanna's Bakery is really out of the way for me... all the way out at the Port Union Road.. so far East it is at the border of Pickering. But I think it is worth your while to drop by if you are in the area.

Lamanna's has some of the cutest pastries I saw.. and the best thing is they are small and cheap! $1.49 for the Raspberry White Chocolate cheese cake or a Tiramsu and Cannoli with cream is $1.29. You can ended up eating a few of their pastries without getting a sugar high and can try a few too!!

The interior is nicely decorated with a Tuscany feel... the scooter with the flower basket. And for your soccer fans, they have their flat TV screen tuned into games.

The coffees are freshly brewed even for the regular coffee. The prices are all really reasonable and they serves their cappuncino in proper glasswares.

There are also Italian pasta, sandwiches for sale. A lot of locals dropping in for lunch and even the police officers and fire fighters are their regulars.

Seating are limited but the turn around is fast and a lot of people are doing takeout instead.

I will for sure be back to try out more of their cute little pastries...maybe I can get some for my coworkers and they will think I paid a fortune for their treats!"
"Hunan cuisine is known for being dry hot and it can be really hot! 

Hunan Restaurant and Bar as the name implies it is specialized in Hunan cuisine. So be prepared! If you cannot take the heat, you will definitely not good to able to enjoy some of the authentic dishes.

Hunan cuisine uses a lot of fresh peppers. I do love fresh peppers but I did overdose  that evening...

We ordered:

Mixed Cold Dishes ($6.95)
- Nice and refreshing with raw carrot, cucumber, peanuts, cured meat
- Seasoned with just enough spiciness with chili hot and cilantro
- I feel like drinking a beer 

Stir Fried A-Vegetables with Black Bean and Chili ($8.95)
- The spiciness and the tartness gave this dish an interesting complex taste
- Fresh chili uses to spice up the dish!
- Hot! I feel like drinking a beer

Pork with Garlic and Steamed Corn Bun ($9.95)
- Cured pork with more chili! 
- Don't mistaken those green strips as green onion....
- hot and salty... the cured pork is quite tender
- Hot! Hot! I need a beer!

Stuffed Pork Pancake ($4.95)
- Though the filling were juicy but with all the other spicy dishes it is hard to taste the seasoning
- This is the only non spicy dish we ordered for the night and it was served at the end
- I don't like the wrapping as it was pan fried to crispy and it is way too hard 

The decoration here is nice and roomy compare to other places I been to. 

It is located at the back of the shopping plaza so might be hard to locate. But just circle around you will not miss those flashing blue lights!

Hunan has over 4,000 dishes, I might have to come back again and again to just have a taste of other dishes! But I don't think my Yelp friend can handle all these heat.. WATER please!"
"Eating my complimentary garlic black pepper edamame and waiting for Sesame Snow Ice to arrive on a hot summer day.

Welcome Cha Me Cha new Markham location! 

Spacious with simple decorations. A great place to hang out with friends and enjoy some Taiwanese drinks, snacks and dessert!

Flavor snow ice The Ugly Duckling ($6.99) is huge. I should have asked my Yelp friend to join me. Great for sharing! And I love Sesame!!!

While I tried to finish my dessert all by myself, I secretly pray that it is zero calories... and some dessert is meant to be share...

Service though a little awkward! Hard to get any attention until you really waved them down when it was not even too busy. And I put down a $20 for my $7.90 bill, the waitress asked me if I need any change?!"
"Inaho Japanese restaurant is more reasonable priced than the other Japanese owned Miyabi Japanese Restaurant a couple minute drive away. http://www.yelp.ca/biz/miyabi-japanese-restaurant-richmond-hill

Why the comparison as they are both small, intimate and the few that has real Japanese chef at the sushi bar and the kitchen in the area.

The selections are traditional Japanese with a few special rolls. They also have a board up on the wall announcing today specials. There are also bento lunch box, sushi set for lunch $9 and up.

Tempura Udon ($9)
- The udon noodle are thick and chewy with a lot of texture. Nice touch with the veggie in the udon broth! The only thing is I found the broth maybe flavoured with MSG or other enchancer why?? I was so thirsty after drinking some of the broth.....usually that's my body telling me I have a high dose of something that is not good for me. - 0.5 star
-Tempura has a nice mixed of veggie (beans, yam, eggplants, pumpkin) and 2 shrimps. A little bit oily (a lot of residue oil on the layer), the batter is quite light and flavoured. A-OK

Boston Maki ($6.50)
- Sushi Rice is used for the maki. The rice is though cooked bit mushy not all of them retained the round, fluffy, whole grain. But The rolls were rolled perfectly with the nice balance of flying fish roe, avocado, salmon and lettuce. Nice touch of finishing the roll with white and black seasames on the outside.

Love the tableware and the presentation of all the dishes. Care has been made in selecting nice Japanese ware to enchanced the whole eating experience. 

BTW, the lone waitress here is Cantonese speaking and only herself working the busy lunch area, the service can be a little slow and lacking.

I will definitely comes back to try other things on the menu... especially  their fresh fish offering!"
"Chicken and Noodles Chinese Restaurant has been in Scarborough for over 20 years.

Compare to other chic, nicely decorated restaurant, Chicken and Noodles really reminds me of Chinatown.. or places back in the 80s where disposable plastic covers were used as lining on the tables, people going to Chinese restaurants because the food is cheap and one can expect to be served by waitstaffs that has quite an attitude.

The menu has quite a vast selections of Cantonese/Thai/Malaysian/Japanese inspired dishes... I don't know if that is good or not....Everything here is cheap... comparable to food court prices. Wonton Noodle soup for $3.95 is not easy to find up at a sit down restaurant anymore. A Hanoi Chicken with rice combo that comes with soup and rice for $6.95. Taiwanese Beef Noodle soup for $4.95. 

Mon- Fri they have specials when you order over $25 before tax, you get half of their famous chicken for $1. That for sure a bargain if you are eating with a group.

I ordered the shrimp dumplings noodles soup ($3.95) and chinese broccoli in beef brisket sauce ($3.95). The vegetables arrived first.. such a big portion, I feel full even looking at that.. The noodles though I found the shrimp dumplings are really tasty stuffed with tons of shrimps, however the broth is quite salty... (full of MSG??)

Found here everything is sticky. The outside of the condiments bottles are sticky, the menus are sticky...  The floors are sticky .....OK I am grossed out...

Sorry I won't be back... Please don't ask me to go back!!

Though, the place is fully packed for lunch on Friday with No lunch Specials.

Cash Only!"
"Buttonville Fairways is my favourite driving range in the area.

Never really busy.

The best is they have both mat and grass tees for practising.

I usually get a Jumbo bucket with 150 balls.

After hitting some balls, there is also a well maintained chipping and putting area for you to work on your short game!"
"This Disney Store is one of my favourite store to browse when I am shopping in Vaughan Mills.

A lot of specials! I do love a deal! Buy one get another plush for $1? End of the line merchandise? They do have some markdown and clearance items if that's what you looking for!

I sometimes try to shop for gifts but ended up wanting to keep all these cute stuffed animals all for myself..."
"After trying more items on the menu, sadly I have to downgraded the rating to 3.

4 Star still for the Spicy Chicken! I would not hesitate to come back to just eat 1 bucket all for myself. Good tasting fried chicken worth all the hype and the wait!

The Yum Burger ($3.49) was the worst burger I tasted in my life. One bite that's all it took. I never want to eat something like that ever.

The lines are not as bad as before. But if you want no lines, come weekdays before 10:30 am."
"Nice to see Coco opens up in the hood! Plenty of parking as this plaza never too busy.

Interior is spacious and can get quite busy after the students get off class in the afternoon.

Staff at cash still a little slow in taking orders but at least they are friendly and trying.

Drinks are standard as most other Coco I have been to. I love their different promotion every month as it gives me incentive to try out other items in their menu.

This maybe my to go place for a bbt treat when I am in the area."
"Yakima Social Kitchen is located in the lobby of Calgary Airport Marriott. Great to grab a drink and a snack before flying out. It is located right inside terminal so really convenient.

We were here for a quick snack and a drink. Better than any overpriced airport food and trust me, you do need a bite before the 4 hour flight back to the east coast.

Menu has a touch of Asian Fusion. Braised Pork Belly with Yuzu Pearls was nicely done. We also shared a Braised-Pulled Elk & Pork Burger.

Rose Fizz was to point. Just a hint of floral without being overpowering.

Service was friendly and attentive."
"Rouge National Urban Park is still in the on going development stage, but I am excited that one day when it completed according to the official statement

""Rouge National Urban Park will be one of the largest and best protected urban parks of its kind in the world, spanning 79.1 square kilometres in the heart of Canada's largest and most diverse metropolitan area, overlapping the cities of Toronto, Markham and Pickering and the Township of Uxbridge. Indeed, Rouge National Urban Park will be 23 times larger than Central Park in New York.""

For the time being, there is definitely some confusion as to where the best to park your car? Where is the starting point? Please check website for updates. Seems like Bob Hunter in Markham has trails opened, but if you go to Reesor Road Welcome Centre has no trails as yet.

For Scarborough/Toronto portion, they do have campgrounds and trails. We ended up parking near the Zoo and enjoyed an nice autumn stroll.

More information on the website in the future would definitely be more helpful in the future."
"A Ramen place in Scarborough!!!!

Thanks so much for Kinton Ramen to open up a location near Kennedy Commons, conveniently located just at Kennedy South of 401.

The interior is spacious with high ceiling. I like how the open kitchen still in full view but away from most of tables so you won't feel the heat!

Staff is super friendly and cheerful. The vibe here is young and energetic.

I tried the seasonal offering: Cold Broth Ramen which I found was just ok. I think I like my ramen hot.

Definitely will be back again next time when I have craving for their spicy chicken ramen, which still my favorite in their other locations."
"Studio Brillantine is a great store if you looking for some unique gifts for that special friends for wedding, housewarming or birthday. 

There are so many interesting merchandise for you to browse around and you actually have fun shopping for someone else! 

Price point wise, it is on the pricey side but at least your gifts will be appreciated and are good quality."
"2.5 Star

This review of Rosewood Chinese Cuisine is based on dinner experience! I have not been here for dim sum yet.. and when they said ""ALL DAY"" dim sum is not true as dim sum is only served till 4 pm.

The restaurant was really quiet on a Sunday evening as only the main floor was opened with just 3 tables of customers.

Rosewood is really a Fuchow/Cantonese restaurant so there are some items on the menu that reflected that. 

With a group of 8 we shared:

Lychee Pork ($9.99)
- The pork was really lean and lightly coated before deep fried and round off with a tangy sauce
- not bad with just a hint of sweet and sour.. I do love that it is not too heavy! 

Yellowtail Grouper ($28.99) 2 dishes
- Soup was good with the tofu and 
- The fish with stir fried veggie was really bland

House Fried Vermicelli ($8.99)
- Beef tripe is used to stir fried with vermicelli
- definitely not my favourite

Fried Mixed Vegetable Noodles ($7.99)
- Ordered especially for our vegetarian dinner mate
- meh, lack the aroma of fresh off  the wok vibe

Tofu Bean Curd Stick and Eggplant ($8.99)
- standard but at least it was nice and hot

Crispy Chicken ($18.99)
- Best dish of the night!! One of the best crispy chicken I ate
- The skin was deep fried to crispiness and the meat still so juicy and tender
- I might just go back for this one!

Purple Rice Sweet Soup (Complimentary)
- Served lukewarm and not even sweet....
- We didn't even finish half of that

Most of the dishes we ordered were not really that great and some even disappointing. As a Cantonese restaurant it really lacks that fresh of the wok taste. 

The service was not bad just a little indifference. 

Maybe I will come back for dim sum and give it another try. But I definitely not going to be back for dinner..."
"Sarpa is awesome! It is located in Oak Ridges.. yes that's really really up North for downtown people... even for me this is an area that I hardly visit. But it really worth the drive for me if I have the cravings for some good Italian food and great services!! 

The deco is elegant and warm. Most furnishing are in dark mahogany wood. The lighting is dim and is kind of romantic... great dating spot. 

Sarpa has a daily menu specials or you can pick from their regular menu. We decided on: 

Organic Arugula Salad ($13) though pretty good, but didn't wow me, skip! 

Veal Parmigiana ($24) is one of the best veal I ever have! Pounded really thin and lightly breaded, surprisingly tender and favoured.. oh and the melted Buffalo mozzarella ! Delicious!! 

Linguine Frutti Di Mare ($28) has really fresh seafood, all cooked perfectly with a light touch of tomato sauce. 

Chocolate Torte with Vanilla Gelato ($10) was so heavenly... I love warm chocolate sauce and cold gelato..........and finished off with assorted fresh berries!! 

Sarpa has the nicest, cleanest and the nicest smelling washroom facilities I ever been to!! Even Ritz Carlton's washroom is no match to this place! 

Sarpa is an awesome restaurant to bring a date or even having dinner with your friends.... I can wait to go back!! BTW, they have lunch specials too!! :)"
"Overpriced and totally not worth the experience! That's how I would describe Yang's Izakaya & Japanese Cuisine.

Drinks menu is expensive and with limited in Sake selections and cocktails. 

Food selections are A-OK with the usual Japanese Izakaya snack selections. 

We ordered:

Sashimi 5 Kinds ($15) 
- some of the pieces were stuck together
- fish quality was meh, cut is really thin
- Pass

Dancing Unagi ($12.80)
- Nicely presented and delicious
- love the rice crackers inside the roll
- but for a roll at that price with only 4 pieces?? 

Tempura Udon ($8.50)
- Batter is light and crispy
- Shrimps cooked well with good bite
- Udon is nicely prepared in a savoury broth
- The best dish of the night

Gyoza ($6.50)
- Dried, overcooked and some of wrapping were burnt and gave the dumplings a bitter taste
- Filling has not texture.. just mushy..like puree
- I definitely won't order that again!

Yang's gave me this vibe of trying to be a trendy Izakaya but is falling short in every aspect. Food is really below par with the price they are charging.. nothing authentic at all.. not a good Izakaya and not a good Japanese restaurant.."
"Compare to Patisserie La Cigogne's location on Bayview, this location on Danforth is huge with this nice side shaded patio..... 

Great selections of French pastries and individual cakes...and great services... 

Green Tea cake ($5.25) has great matcha taste and with a great nutty taste that compliment each other. It is a little pricey.... especially in this neighbourhood?? 

Nice staff helps me select some chocolate and truffles to surprise my friends.. Caramel, Black Currants and Hazelnuts? My friends seemed to enjoy them without complaining? I guess they must be quite good. 

I definitely be back to have a cappuccino and croissant on the patio next time when I am in the neighbourhood!"
"Richmond Hill Bakery/Cafe is a small cafe that open recently right next to the plaza of T & T Weldrick. An extension of Richmond Hill Deli next door.

Here you will find freshly made in House European pastry or enjoy a cup of coffee or latte. Espresso drinks starting at $1.49 is quite reasonably priced.

Interior is nice and spacious, with a few seating.

Coffee here is so so but not a bad place to chill with your friends."
"Jedd's Frozen Custard gives me an excuse of eating more dessert. 

""How come you eating ice cream again??""
""No! It is NOT an ice cream I am eating.. it is a Frozen Custard!""

The chocolate mint I have was excellent!! a little chocolatey with just a slight minty taste... gave my frozen custard a sense of lightness! (There are no nutritution information on the website... so I just pretend it is low in fat....)

The seatings are a little crowded at the back. You can hear what the next table's conversations. I want to sit in those armchairs in the storefront next time!

The nice display cabinet of various dessert is not a helping when you want to be on a diet.. unless is a sugar high all you can eat diet. The pastries just look so hard to resist!

Free WIFI + 0.5 star!"
"I have to say Yoga Sancturay Danforth never disappointed me! 

This time I have Sebastian as my instructor. He is both funny and knowledgeable and really patient. He really spent time to show us the correct aligment and give us variations and options for our poses. This is what real yoga should be.. Yoga is not really a workout, if you want to sweat and detox, you can go to a step class, a kickboxing class or even get on the treadmills... When I go to a yoga class, I expect to work on both my mind and my body, not just getting in the poses or sweat a bucket!

BTW, the Pizza Pizza advertising sign is so distracting! When I looking at it and do the balancing poses, all I think about is CHEESE PIZZA for $9.99 and Can I eat a XL all by myself!

Try to find street parking since it is only $2 for 1 hour that is especially good if you going for a late class since it is free after 9 PM. If you don't mind walking, you can park in the residential streets either North or South of Danforth! That's what I usually do when I come for an early evening class, and walking is good for you too!"
"Game of Cheese might need to improve on their game plan especially for lunch.

I love pasta and I love Japanese fusion. Shiso Tree Cafe is one of the successful example in GTA. Game of Cheese's concept of blending the 2 together is quite promising.

Dropped by for lunch around 2:00 pm. The restaurant was empty and I was the only one there for a late lunch. Service as expected was excellent!

Menu choice is huge. I would suggest trim down on the choice and have some signature dish. I was a little overwhelmed and it took me a little while to decide what to order.

Japanese Seafood Spaghetti with Yuzu Miso Cream Sauce ($13.99)
- Yuzu Miso is a good combination, the sauce is tasty as the tanginess of yuzu balance out the creaminess of the cream sauce
- seafood was weak..  frozen squid ring and imitated crab stick?! But I do like the fish roe that gave the dish that savory contrast and texture

There was no lunch special back in June but with 10% off. But I think they now have lunch special set. Maybe I will go check that out."
"This Dark Horse Espresso Bar is in the ""up and coming"" area. I ended up coming here after eating at Famiglia Baldassarre next door and before heading over to Blood Brothers Brewing.

The actual retail area is small but there is big back kitchen/bakery area. So now you know those pastries is freshly baked in house.

The garage door opens during summer and if you want to have this curbside cafe feel, there are a few tables and chairs set up on the sidewalk.

I found Dark Horse roast a little too dark for my liking. But it is still a great cafe to chill when you are in the hood."
"L'Oreal Canada has a warehouse sale twice a year. This sale is by invitation only. You will need a invitation ticket that entitled for 2 visits with a friend and total purchase value of $700.

The brand that are discounted includes L'Oreal, Lancome, Redken, Vichy, Biotherm, Garnier, Maybelline cosmetic, fragrances, skincare and hair care products.

Usually products are at least 50% cheaper than what you can get from Department or Drug stores.

I would suggest going on a weekday early afternoon and you will have no problem finding parking on location. If you not, you need to park on the sidestreets.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"I just have this weakness when it comes to croissants, cakes, nice chic cafe and smiley/friendly staffs.

Nadege Patisserie just makes me feel so happy inside when I saw all those rainbow colours macarons. So pretty and with so many flavours, which makes deciding which one to get one of the hardest part. (pumpkin, salted caramel and pistichio) I like the salted caramel the best because it is not too sweet and the little salty taste did bring extra dimension to the taste. For the pistichio, my friend cannot even tell what that flavour is ...just pure sweetness!

The Almond Croissant ($3.00) is a little too sweet, too heavy for my taste. But I have this weekness for almond so I still give it an A-OK. Best to eat that as a dessert with a sugarless cup of coffee. Yes it is really buttery and I am not going to think about the trans fat or calories.....

There are free sample of homemade marshmellow for us to sample. The purple one I don't think it is grape.. but it does taste great... not too sweet but refreshing and spongy. It is free, it is good! :)

Services here are nice and friendly. I don't understand why I cannot take my own pastry I ordered? the girl insisted that I sit down first and they will bring that over to me... maybe I just look too clumsy??

BTW, Nadege Patisserie has this great view to Trinty Bellwoods Park. Makes it such an enjoyable experience looking at the Autumn scenery."
"3.5 star 

It is not surprising that not too many people knows about or even locate Fratelli Village Pizzeria! Their signs really need some works on!! Almost all the paints are faded and you cannot even make name of the restaurant. 

When you step inside the dinner room, it feels like you have been transferred from Scarborough to one of the downtown bistro. The interior is nicely decorated, tables packed together and dimmed lighting. 

This place is quite packed during lunch time. 

Advice: be sure to check out the specials on the wall, but if you sit at the back of the room like us, you will need supervision in order to see their offerings.. 

Fried Calamari ($8.95) 
- deep fried to golden brown 
- soft and tender and surprisingly not oily at all!! 
- great portion to share.. the sauce can have a little more kick 

Milan's Pizza ($12.95) 
- Tomato Sauce, Grilled Chicken, Sun dried Tomatoes, Feta Cheese, Red Onion and Mozzarella 
- The crust is really light, crispy and thin... I love the crust.. 
- The pizza itself is a little dry, a little more tomato sauce would have help 

I don't think they serve a full menu at lunch as the menu we provided has only pizza and appetizers on them.. 

The service here is friendly and attentive. 

I will definitely be back to try out some of their other offerings especially the Tiramisu!"
"3.5 Star

I have to agreed Bach Yen is very clean...especially for a family run Vietnamese restaurant down at Gerrard Street.

I can tell the owner took a lot of care in running this business... 

Pho with Raw Beef ($5.25) is A-OK. The broth is a little too simple a little bland and not hot enough. However it is still quite decent and the portion is good for a small.

Seen like the kitchen spent time to make sure every bean sprouts is fresh, crisp and clean.. I really have to say it is the best bean sprouts I have in any of the Vietnamese restaurants.

Bach Yen definitely is a good choice if you have cravings for  Vietnamese food if you are in the area... maybe I try a bun next time!"
"Trying to stalk Roma M brought me to this Starbucks location! I was pleasantly surprise, not because I ran into Roma, but this have to be one of the better Starbucks location I been.

On a Sunday late afternoon, this place was not packed. I can find empty seats where I can park myself for a hour or 2 using their free Wifi!  I also appreciate how the tables are not pack closely, so there's still a little privacy. 

The music just like background, which made my stay more relaxing...

The service is efficient and decent. 

I will definitely drop by and make this one of my yelp offices!!"
"Wonton Time is not my usual noodle joint. I had been to their previous location a few times but I don't really like going to Market Village much as parking can be a challenge.

I like the new location. Parking is not an issue on weekdays and I can park like so close to the actual restaurant instead for a quick in and out experience.

I like the choice of toppings to make my own perfect bowl of noodle. However, I have to say it is smaller in portion and the quality of the flat rice noodle was not as good. Wontons has a more crunchy texture which I like but it is less dense. Price wise is the same as the Wonton Chai and JCK.

Will I be back? 

Maybe, especially if I am grocery shopping at Field Fresh next door. But Wonton Time would not be my first preference."
"Allstar Wings & Ribs just opens up in Scarborough. Accessible by LTR so is quite convenient if you are using public transit. 

Since it is new, the inside is nice and clean. Even all TVs are working! 

Service though extremely slow and they don't really carries a lot flavours or they out of it? After 3 tries before the server confirmed that they have the one I want.... FAIL

5 Alarm Inferno was as hot as I remembered in a good way. Allstar Wings Standard. The wings were meaty and juicy.. awesome

Everything took forever and the place was like empty? 

Hopefully it will improve over time?

And for the ""sporty"" waitress outfit, I will leave it for the guys to comment on.... why no waiter in sporty outfit though?"
"Oriental Gourment is a Chinese restaurant that specialized in Chiu Chow style food. Chiu Chow is in the eastern part of Canton.

So you will find a lot of similar things on the menu that is close to a Cantonese restaurant with dishes that a little different.

They do have lunch specials. They are starting from $4.25 that includes tea/coffee/soy bean drink.

I usually order the fish ball rice noodle in fish broth. The fish broth are creamy and white in colour, but not fishy at all! It tasted the best with tons of hot chili oil!

There are also little side dishes you can order, they are all made to order so it might take longer.. My favourite are the Chiu Chow steamed dumplings (has pork, peanuts and celery), Pan Fried Chives dumplings and fried little tofu triangles.

Be warn! Services can be lousy and unfriendly.......sigh... the waitresses would eventually warmed up if you become a regular....

This place can get really busy during lunch and weekends.

CASH only!"
"Elegance Chinese Cuisine $3 Dim Sum Special Weekday Before 11 AM!

Though it might be more expensive than some of the other restaurant in Scarborough/Markham.. $2.20 all size the whole day but the portion here is bigger, the ingredients are fresher and everything really well made.

We shared:

Steamed Seafood and Chive Dumplings - A-OK

Pork Dumpling with Dried Scallops and Fish Roe - A-OK

Pan Fried Tofu with Shrimps and Scallop - Really different but refreshing and light

Shrimp Wrapped With Egg White Dumpling - Must order if you like shrimps! 

Coffee Creamy Cake - Espresso jello? 

I need to come back again to try out other items on the menu......

Be sure to be there early... as you have to be seated before 11 in order to take advantage of the Early Bird Specials!

* Regular Dim Sum are priced at Small $3.0/Medium $4.20/Large:$5.20"
"Nowadays with all the AYCE Japanese restaurants everywhere in GTA. It is not easy to run a Japanese a la carte restaurants if  one does not provide fresh fish, good food and good services.

Tokyo Sushi is one of those a la carte restaurants in the area of at least 4 AYCE and I would have to say the quality of food is below par with some of the AYCE.

The restaurant is really quiet for lunch Only 3 tables including myself. There are seatings at the sushi bar and private room. The private room is quite cozy, seats around 4 people and offer a lot of privacy.

There are all day $8.95 combos that includes miso soup, a combination of rolls/sushi/teriyaki/tempura. I decided on Combo D with the sushi and maki combination. I have to say the problem that the sushi/maki did not taste good, is the rice! The rice was so overcooked. They are all mashy and stick together...it made the sushi tasted really heavy.. I really did not enjoy them at all!

The service though is fast and friendly. There is that little bell in the room if you want their services.

BTW, the menus, they really need to wash them or something.. they are so sticky! Oh so gross!!

They accepts AMEX, Mastercard, Visa and Interact!"
"I think Quaff Cafe needs a bigger front signage. I was busy taking photos and I just walked by without even realized and when I checked the street number I was half a block away already.

Smart of me to just grab a table right when I walked in and parked myself there, while my food crawl buddy ordered our cappunccio. If not, we might have to have it to go and be drinking from paper cups (yuck!) 

I still going to give Free WIFI that extra +0.5 star though I understand how it will make this place so crowded when people can stay here for hours over an emptied cup of java while others cannot eat down and have their coffees.

I do like the ambience at Quaff Cafe. It feels like a quiet, serenity space especially if you sit at the front with the big windows on a nice Autumn afternoon.

The cappuccino is A-OK. The roast here is too strong but goes well with some nice sweet... (especially the ones from Nadege Patisserie
down the street!) no latte art here though!

Used my Indie Coffee Passport here!"
"Quick, Fast, Cheap!

Sometimes that's what one needs. Yogi's Noodle located in the food court of Chartwell Centre.

Lunch Specials? Afternoon Tea set?

Beef Ball Noodle with Drink ($4.50) though is on the smallish side but great if you want a snack. 

A lot of choices to choose from. There's a reason that it still in business after all these years!"
"Lunch Specials from $6.95 till 3:30 pm and free WIFI are the only reasons for me not giving Thai Angels a lower rating. 

This place is a lot more run down than the photos in their website, maybe because I went in the afternoon..... without the dim lighting, Thai Angels looked more like a Thai Grandma. 

Pad Ker Mao with Mango Salad ($6.95) 
- I requested extra spicy I lucky I did.. 
- Mango salad was disappointed.. over use of dried shallots and lack of fish sauce and cilantro.. 
- Noodles has this burnt tastelessly of the noodle stuck to the wok... and lack any spiciness.. (imagine if I didn't order extra spicy??) 
- portion was smallish.. maybe it was a blessing?? Too much of something bad would not make it good.... 

I really doubt how Authentic Thai Thai Angels is... for sure it is a toned down versions of both spice and herbs... 

The search of authentic Thai food in Scarborough continues..."
"The newest Congee Queen and the most spacious one I had been to. 

Menu is just standard as all every Congee Queen in town so you know you going to get a variety of Cantonese dish.

Service though friendly but can be slow at times because of the size of the restaurant. 

Good for big groups with tons of large tables and there are quite a few booth seating too!

Lunch Special is a little overpriced and the selection is just meh.

10% and complimentary dessert during Grand Opening special. 

I can see this location will be pretty busy with the lunch crowd."
"Richmond Hill Bakery is a MEH....

I should have realize when the Chinese name is call ""Bread Shop"". There were only a few selections of bread/buns on this Sunday at 1 pm! And there is not that aroma of freshly baked good in the air when I stepped into the shop. No cakes, no sweets.. sigh.. 

The Pumpkin Bun ($1) was ok for a snack. It is just really doughy with hardly any Pumpkin filling.. The little pumpkin filling though is quite ok, actually is real pumpkin puree and not too sweet. 

I won't be going out of my way to come here for my Chinese bakery fix."
"Brand new Apple Store in Markville Mall! 

I can't even believe my eyes. The store is huge, spacious and have every Apple products and accessories that I ever need.

Since it is new and during summer break, a lot of students were here playing with all the demo units. There were enough staff on the floor but they all seemed to be busy with something?!

I can see my Apple fanatic Yelp friend coming here for his batteries and other accessories....

And I just can drop by and play with the latest MacBook whenever I feel like!"
"Lee Yu Mun Seafood Restaurant just opened last week in the sea of Richmond Hill Chinese restaurants. 

I don't expect that it will be perfect as it just opened a week or so and there are a lot of things that kitchen and wait staffs have to fine tuned as it is so new..

However, this place does not look too promising..

Lunch menu is different than the dinner menu. Lunch menu is similar to what Congee  Wong or Congee Queen offers. Congee, soup noodles, stired fried rice/noodles and others snack item. And the prices here is inline with other popular Congee restaurants.

Shrimp and Scallops Congee($4.95)
- A OK. The congee based is dense and smooth... The shrimps are fresh and have good texture and bite!! Scallops though not too many are fresh and sweet...

Singapore Style fried Turnips ($5.95)
- Really small order for the price we are paying VS Congee Wong. Though it is not too oily but there is something lack in the dish... Curry is just in the form of yellowish colours with hardly any taste to it...

Chinese Veggie ($4.95)
- We were looking at this small dish of greens... half the size of what Kenny's noodle order. The veggie is quite good.. but if you are into oily food, not a trace of oil.. Hey This is call ""Oil Veggie"" where is the oil?  The freaky thing was there was this half elastic band still wrapping around the stem of the veggie?? -1 star

Interior decorations here is NON existence!! Just like they just paint the space and put the tables and chairs in... But with the prices they are charging, I do expect a little more!

Waitress still in training. They do apologize for the elastic band and offering us 10% off dinner next time. But do I want to come back for dinner? 

They accepts Cash only!"
"Noodle Bar is one of the numerous noodle bars in Scarborough area. Similar set up, menu, food and taste.

I even forgot I came here.......

There are so many restaurants just in this plaza alone serving noodles. 

This probably summed up for most of the restaurants in this plaza. I always ended up order noodle and a tofu or squid bbq skewer wherever I go. I am yawning already."
"It is always bonus to have a non franchise restaurant inside a Mall. Beaumont Kitchen is an O&B restaurant located inside Sherway Garden. 

Love the decor and different options for seating. Those lounge like couch just looks so comfy to just chill out with friends over coffee or even a cocktails!

We were the only table when we came here for a late lunch. Service was attentive and our waiter/bartender was nice and helpful.

Thai Root Salad ($13) and Beaumont Burger ($19) were both enjoyable. Might be a little overpriced but not bad with the ambiance and location.

A little hard to find as it is inside Sak 5th Avenue. There is also a separate entrance with direct access from the parking lot when the store is closed."
"My first time visiting this Winners location and the experience was quite pleasant. Maybe it was New Year Eve, the store was not busy at all.

I was here mainly for a return but did walk around the store and browsed around for a bit. The store itself feels smaller than the other Winners in the area and the stock seems to carry most stable items as the others but nothing more.

My return was processed efficient and there was no lines at all. 

I might come back to browse around when I am in the neighborhood."
"Indie Coffee Passport sent me to Fahrenheit Coffee. I was lucky since it was a nice, sunny fall afternoon.. as there are no place for me to have my cappuccino in the cafe itself. The barista suggested to go enjoy in the park across the street. 

Fahrenheit Coffee is then really a take out place as all their drinks are served automatically in a paper cup. 

The barista was really nice and patient. There's even a choice of roast. 

How's the coffee?? It is OK. Great as a takeout coffee, enjoying and chilling under the warm sun...How about winter? People really need a place where they can enjoy there hot beverage away from the cold."
"Though I am not a vegetarian, I am not really a person that eat a lot of meat and I am not crazy about greasy food. So this is personal for me to give Stockyards a 2.5-3 stars.

I do love the Ribs! I am glad that I came on the day they serves them. They are nicely flavoured, juicy and fall of the bone tender. One of the best ribs I have. 

The Fried Chicken on the other hand is a disappointment. I found it really greasy.. when I look at the bottom of the takeout box and see grease floating in it.. I am going to talk about cholestrol, saturated fat and calories any time. For the taste, it does not really worth it.

Pull Pork Sandwich though a little dry but it goes really well with the coleslaw. I really like the coleslaw, a little crunchy, a little bitter and not drown in mayonnaise and the only healthy option we ordered.

It will be nice if they will provide some sort of utensils not just napkins with our takeout. Though the food can be finger linking good, the coleslaw with the fried chicken does prove to be a challenge to eat with bare hands.

Stockyards is a great restaurant for meat eater, so go ahead and have a good time if you are one. For me, when I know how long and how hard for me to get rid of those fat and grease I just consume, it will not be some place I will visit regularly or be coming back real soon."
"2.5 star for food + 0.5 star for effort and services

Welcome New Generation to uptown! Oh this is Vaughan. 

Deco is nice and chic with excellent ventilation, quite important as this is a teppanyaki restaurant, too.

There are options though: a la carte or AYCE from $23.95 with the option of teppanyaki for $6 or so more.

We shared Matsu Sushi Combo ($14.95) and Tonkatsu Combo ($15.95). Sadly the pork though huge in portion but was so dry, to the point even my Yelp Friend could not swallow that....Sushi was standard quality, shari rice a little off balance but at least acceptable.

Extra 0.5 star for our server and manager who tried their best to make us happy by offering us some complimentary shrimp tempura.

Since the restaurant just open for less than a week, hopefully it will improve over time.

Lunch special for $9.95 and with quite a good menu choice selection! Maybe I come back again for that! I just could not justify paying almost $30 to eat here as the food were quite meh!

Service is friendly and attentive.

Grand Opening special 15% off.

PS I remembered when I used to study at U of T and usually visit New Generation and enjoyed their food when I was young and innocent... To be successful up here, they really needs to step up their game!"
"Nom Nom Nom..

Yes me stuffing my face with Jerk Chicken with Rice and Peas ($6.99)

Oh how awesome is it??!! The Jerk Chicken here is one of the best I ate as of now in TO! It is that good!! And since I got the dark meat part, it was so moist, fall of the bone tender and the spicy is perfect!! And I guess the gravy helps to make the chicken extra tasty!!

Kola Champagne ($1.15) 
I don't usually drink pop...but hmmm it just feels like something lacking without a cool Caribbean drink.. The cooler has tons of Grace Branded pop... Coconut Water from Thailand. Help yourself with the drinks from the cooler!

Extra Spicy Beef Patties ($1.75)
Not too spicy... but it is good enough to have enough flavour to make it tasty! Flaky shell goes well with the spicy beef... Nom Nom Nom

Now I am eating all these Jamaican food, daydreaming of being somewhere warm... until I walked out of Tastee back to -13C and back to reality!

They accepts cash or debit (over $5) only!

PS they have buy one and get 2nd meal for half price, so bring your good friends along and he/she will thanks you!!"
"This is the 4th Happy Lemon location I been to, though not one of my favourite but the drinks and services both similar to the other locations.

Conveniently located on Yonge Street just south of Finch. Great to come here for a refreshing drink or a break from all the food eating in the area. I do love drinks made with fresh fruits and Happy Lemon drinks never disappointed!

The sitting here is a little tight with just a few tables but it was fine for us since the store was empty on a weekday afternoon.

The only complaint is the condition of the washroom. It really needs remodeling ASAP! Head office, please kindly go and check that out! Also one of the water pipes was leaking and the floor was flooded."
"Maybe I should not pick one of the hottest day in the summer to visit Wunderland! 

It was just boiling hot! No Air Conditioning and with all these bugs and flies everywhere.

I really feel like I am in the cottage with all these bugs and the heat... I wish I have some water to cool down... but the lady behind the counter was a little reluctant to give me some ice with water instead asking me to just pour water from an uncovered bottle with fruit and bugs. I ended up getting just 1 cup of water for me and my friend to share after asking a few times!

My coffee is not bad though

But I don't think I would be back. Wunderland though is a cozy place and kind of homey but really not my cup of coffee."
"After reading William H review of the Dried Orange Peel Duck Leg Soup, I decide to try that for lunch at Oriental Gourmet Chiuchow again! 

I was NOT disappointed! For $5.50 with the soy bean drink, this is really a steal!

The duck meat is so moist, so soft, so full of taste! The noodle is like an afterthought. I would just order the Duck Noodle Soup and just eat the Duck!!

Don't expect any good service and you will be happy with the food!"
"There maybe a lot of others Better Chinese restaurants in the immediate area but Richmond Court has always been the to go place if I need something late night or with a big group.

Good selection of Cantonese Comfort food: congee and noodles.. which is good for any time of the day and all priced reasonably.

Service always fast and efficient. And trust me, if you are hungry and it is past midnight.. what Richmond Court has is good good food!

HK milk tea is quite decent too.. not too many places you can find those old traditional thick rim tea cup..."
"We decided to come to Maroli for dinner, not because of all these 4/5 star Yelp reviews, just because Maroli promised authentic Malabari cuisine.

Don't come to eat at Maroli if you not used to fruit flies circling you or your food while you eating!! I was waving my hands non stop through out dinner trying to make them go away... No I am not crazy, it was not my imagination!

Food was OK... not bad... but nothing memorable.... like I would want to come back to eat again... since there are tons of Indian restaurants in GTA... tons and tons!!

I did request Indian spicy... not knowing that one of the Yelpers cannot handle spicy...but turned out Indian spicy is as usual not Indian spicy.. we all survived.

Usually I remember all the food I ate... but here at Maroli I don't remember much.... only the flies.... and oh the 10% first time discount if you use your Yelp App to check in.

But at least I have good companions... oh who were I eating with?! Let me think...."
"Brand New Pet Valu location in Pickering. Located in a strip Mall that is nice and clean. 

Pet Valu is always the pet food stores I recommend pet owners to get their pet supplies as they are all independently owned and the staffs are knowledgeable. 

One good thing is they don't sell Live animal... like other chain pet supply stores!"
"A small LCBO outlet.. So small and so invisible that I could not even figure out where it is until I circle the parking lot...

Sharing a smallish parking lot with other business in a small strip plaza does make parking a hassle, especially a lot of cars just parked by the curb in this really tight lot.

Selections are limited. But I found the box of beer (Der Hirschbrau) with the pretty sexy German girl on it... Score!"
"Snow Village looks good on their website... but it was a real disappointment when I visit in person.

Located inside Parc Jean-Drapeau with an admission of $13 on weekdays and $17 on weekends is kind of pricey for what they offers. Basically what it is just a couple of rooms in a huge igloo with a different theme...

I don't know who in the right mind to be staying in a room made with ice.. and you even have to go to an outdoor portable washroom.. the package starts at $259 per person!!! 

The igloo chapel though really nice... pretty neat if for a wedding with a reception at the ice bar. A winter wonderland wedding...

Make sure you wear great winter boots that have good traction if not you going to slip and slide everywhere.... 

Or you can get one of those sleigh and push your friend as fast as you can and make him scream!"
"Every time I ate at The Burger's Priest, I feel like I need to repent my sin. My sin of being gluttony. I always want to go for the biggest flashest burger and I always regret after I wolfed that down.

I am glad I have someone to share with this time. Seriously, Chris C you never been to any of the Burger's Priest locations?! Here let's go in and give them a try. My victim was really reluctant? I was thinking why not? It is always good to go for a burger right before another burger joint?!

Decisions Decisions and more Decisions?! I assured the newbie everything is good.... just pick something. OK I ended up picking The HIGH Priest. Nothing too out of the ordinary: Two beef patties, secret sauce, cheese, pickles, diced onions, chopped lettuce, non-sesame bun.

Good, eh? I asked newbie. Nice and juicy and sinfully delicious. Patties were cooked with just a hint of pink. Sharing is caring as I happily ate my half of the burger.

Until next time."
"I walked in and saw all these child friendly tables and chairs... oh and toys but luckily no kids or toddlers.

My cappuccino was one of the Meh one I had... milk was not frothed properly and resulted in a fail attempt of latte art....

Barista is way too indifference and way too laid back... I know I use a Indie Coffee Passport and not offering one of the those sandwiches...

Mad Dog Cafe does carries baked good from neighbourhood bakeries their cupcakes are from Desmond and Beatrice down on Queen and Broadview look quite delicious though...

Mad Dog Cafe is set up more like a diner that serves food... hopefully their food is better than their coffee!"
"3.5 Star

Pardis Restaurant has a quite simple menu similar to other Persian restaurants in the area. However, $6.99 for beef kekab? Definitely something worth coming here for!

The interior is clean and welcoming. I was a little confused thought it is a self serve/takeout place but in fact it is a full service restaurant.

My Beef Kebab was made to order served to me hot off the grill and well seasoned! Portion was good and talking about value! 

Definitely worth checking this place out if you in the neighborhood!"
"I really have to agreed on Angie C's insight on La Bamboche's macarons!! This is for the time being the BEST macarons I have eaten as of now...Though it is on a more pricey side ($2.50) but is the largest one I have compare to other bakeries.

The selections here are a little unique compare to other ones, I tried:

Spicy Cocoa
Ume and Sake ( I don't think I see this flavours anywhere!)

They are not overly sweet and in fact Ume and Sake one is a little salty. The one thing I love is how they make this little hollow space in the middle of the macarons so some of the fillings are inside the space. Why I like that?? Great for Sharing.. because I just pull the top and the bottom apart and there 2 equal pieces to share.

Opera de la Passion ($5.20)
All these layers (passion fruit almond joconde/passion fruit buttercream/Chocolate ganche) of different texture.. really remind me of the Chinese dessert I have! Of course this is definitely a lot sweeter and richer! I don't think I can finish one on my own without going into Sugary coma (but at least I am happy!) The dark chocolate with passion fruit filling on the top is such a pleasant and delicious surprise.

La Bamboche now is the to go place for me for macarons and just love how they put their little Japanese twist in their French pastry!"
"I would not have made it to this Second Cup if Karl R said we should meet up at his favourite Coffee Shop in the area. 

Empress Walks is a little out of the way from my usual route, but me and My Yelp Friend decide to take a little stroll down Yonge Street from Finch Station.

There were quite a few empty tables when we walked in. But the guys as usual like to sit at the back right next to the patio door so they can check out every girls that walked in..... 

I hate my seat with my back facing the open entrance when the guys just looking behind me.... I wondering why they not looking at me??!  But at least I can just log in on Yelp on Second Cup's WIFI and start checking in and decide where to go for dinner!"
"Hot! Hot! Hot! Doing a Hot Yin class at Iyashi Bedrock Spa is hot yoga to the extreme!

Thanks for Josephine C so kindly offered me to take advantage of one of her coupon deal, I able to experience how it feels to be cook and steam in a heated room.

The spa itself is clean and nicely appointed. 2 showers, 2 bathrooms and 2 changing stalls and everything you need: shampoo, body wash, hair dryers, towels and disposable slippers. You will need to wear those, because inside the heated room, it is impossible to walk on the heated surface with your bare feet!

The class itself was zen and slow, but didn't make it easy as holding each pose while lying on top of the heat surface made me has this urge to just jump up and run out of the room yelling ""I have enough!!!"". Breathe...Breathe... Hot! Hot! Hot!

I will be back.... when it is winter and outside feels like -20C..... Just thinking about the snow, that would have cool me down!"
"Usually I am happy to please at a Northern Chinese Restaurants, just give me noodles, dumplings and something hot and spicy, I will be a happy camper. Unfortunately, Hot Spicy Spicy though has a cute name, it really does not deliver.

I found they make the food too salty. If mega salty=flavoured, then it is really flavoured dumplings and beef noodles. There are a lot of ways to make good tasting Chinese food by using garnish, sauces to give it a more complex taste. 

The Spicy Cold Konjac  served here is made by mixing the jello with hot chili oil..  so it is just hot without being spicy.. other places use Sichuan pepper in the mix to give one the numbing, explosive spicy taste which is unique to Northern Chinese cuisine.

(Sichuan pepper has a unique aroma and flavour that is not hot or pungent like black or white pepper, or chili peppers. Instead, it has slight lemony overtones and creates a tingly numbness in the mouth (caused by its 3% of hydroxy-alpha-sanshool) that sets the stage for hot spices.) 

Though the Lunch Special here starting from $5.99 which is great prices but I would not be back again.

They accepts cash only!"
"2.5 star 

I have mixed feeling with Smart Cook.

A small family business serving unmemorable food. Price is good and you get a lot of food which is just ok. Nothing really stand out that I would be back or tell my friends to come and try that.

But having Smart Cook does give the neighbourhood more choices. The price is good for students next door for lunch.

Being a Ramen & Cafe, their Ramen was meh. Looked and tasted homemade. Having that as your signature and you really going to disappoint your customers."
"Tin Tin Cafe opens two weeks or so ago in the space used to be Joe Yee Vegetarian. Tin Tin, a Hong Kong Style cafe serving HK style Western food, Asian Fusion (ramen, curry) and other comfort food.

The interior have been totally redecorated. Gone were the large round tables to be replaced with small tables and booths. Gone were the Buddhist chants to be replaced by HDTV showing World Cup matches or Chinese Shows.

They still working on their afternoon tea menu but the price here is reasonable even without lunch special. $7.99 or so would get you a set meal with choice of soup and drink.

Curry Beef Brisket with Rice ($6.99) comes with Borscht soup and HK milk tea. Portion is generous and food is delicious.  Milk tea was smooth. Definitely not bad at this price point.

Free Sing Tao Newspaper and 10% grand opening special."
"Walk in Special for a slice of either Pepperoni or Vegetarian Pizza ($4.99) and $1 extra for a pop.

I highly suggest to come in during busy hours or just order a whole pizza baked fresh. My slice has rubbery cheese instead of gooey ooey and the pizza bottom was hard. Luckily the pop selection was really good and I really enjoyed my San Pellegrino Aranciata Rossa (Blood Orange Soda).

Service was nice and friendly."
"Pacific Mall.......

It is hard to believe I never bought anything from any of the stores here. 

I don't buy bootlegged DVDs.
I don't buy fake sun glasses.
I don't buy clothes(none of them really fit me because they are all too small..sigh).

I don't like the crowd during weekend.
I cannot stand walking around in rolls and rolls of stores selling similar things.

The only place I really enjoy here is the Golden Regency restaurant for dim sum upstairs. I came on weekedays before 11AM to take advantages of the morning specials and of course there's no problem with parking.

Please stay away during public holidays when everything else are closed! This place can be a zoo.... worse than a zoo...

I just don't understand why holidays have to involve going to a mall and shop?"
"I love Evergreen Brick Works!

What an awesome idea of transforming a old quarry into this environment green space that provides a place for Torontonian to enjoy the outdoor all year round, a place for events, a place for education, a market, a nursery, a outdoor skating rink...

I usually come here for the Brewer's Backyard event so always have a good experience! 

Parking can be a little tight on weekend, so arrive early!"
"Toshi Ryoriten is the newest Japanese restaurant in the area. I just love the decoration, tasteful, modern and with attention to details.

Lunch Menu serves till 3 pm.

Price wise is in line with the higher end Japanese restaurants. So don't expect anything under $10. A Chef Sushi Selection is $16 and Sashimi is over $20.

Chirashi Lunch with Salad and Soup ($16). The fish selection was A-OK though really thinly sliced. I did like the balance of Shari Rice. It was good but I was not really blown away.

For now a 3 star. Their omakase sushi is at $65 which is quit reasonable but if you are in Markham/Richmond Hill area, people would compare everything with Zen. Will it be the same or better? 

For now it is a 3 star. But I am willing to come back again for some cooked food and even nigiri sushi to see the skill and knife work of the sushi chef."
"3.5 Star

I like how J Red & Co keeps improving on their menu and have interesting offerings constantly. 

Dropping by on a weekday evening and the place was quiet. Service was attentive and I enjoyed the laid back vibe.

We ordered 2 main and a side to share:

Chicken and Waffles
Spicy southern chicken and waffles- crispy chicken breast,savory waffle and a spicy southern style smoked cayenne and brown sugar sauce

Peruvian Tacos (No longer on the menu)
Spiced Peruvian Ground Beef, Flour Tortillas, Pico de Gallo, Chmmichurri sauce and smoked cheddar

Crispy Brussel Sprouts with double smoked Bacon and Parmesan

Food was A-OK but I did not find the food ""spicy"" but I can handle my spices well. Surprisingly, I enjoyed Brussel Sprouts the most compares to the other 2 dish.

Price point is on the higher side for a neighbourhood eatery but what they offers are quite unique."
"The Red is a Sichuan restaurant that opened less than a week in the plaza at the corner of McCowan and 7.

Impressive deco and even the entrance looks impressive. The interior is spacious with high ceiling and those red chandeliers just made me went Wow! 

Looking at the menu, there is a lot of similarity to Ba Shu Ren Jia and as matter of fact it is related.

We shared:

Cold Free Range Chicken with Spicy Sauce ($9.50)
Beef Ribs With Hot Black Bean Sauce on Sizzling Hot Plate ($12.99)
Fish Fillet with Potato Noodles in Hot & Sour Soup ($8.50)

All the dish were prepared with fresh and good ingredients and portion size was great for the price. But what lacking is the spiciness kick which is the style of Sichanese cuisine.

Waitrees told me that the kitchen did toned down the spice level a bit because of the clientele in the neighborhood. So if you really want to experience the essence of the dishes, you would need to request when ordering!

I will be back to try out other dishes. They do offers set lunch for $7.99 with appetitzers, soups, iced tea!"
"I been with ING Direct for over 10 years! I must say that I am really impressed with what they offer in terms of services and interest rates!

No fees! No minimum deposit!

All the money transfers in and out of my bank account always in a prompt manners

Interest Rate.. Sweet! Tax Saving Account is at 3% with no commitment/minimum! I love all the incentives they provide: referral bonus, early TSA contribution bonus...

ING direct deposits always eligible under the protection of CDIC. 

I love their website design and their sense of humour! 

I never ever talk to anyone in person because I never have any problems with them at all!

One draws back is you have to have another account in a full service bank! sigh...."
"I never heard of Mr. Jerk till the night when I was eating at Puck'n Wings across the street. Mr. Jerk took over the old Holy Chow location and it really the only Caribbean takeout of any kind in the immediate area that I know of.

The lady that greeted me is nice and friendly but with a really heavy caribbean accent.. We have to both repeat everything that we said to each other before we got an idea what we talking about.. Chinese Accent VS Island Accent! :)

Jerk Chicken Leg Dinner ($5.50)
- I was a little bit disappointed with the Jerk Chicken. Usually I pick the leg part because it usually not as dry and more juicy. However, I have to say that it is dry and tough.... it resembles more of a ""Jerky"" Chicken than a Jerk Chicken
- For side you can pick either a veggie or coleslaw. Veggie is a combination of cabbage and carrot.. plain and simple but nice and healthy
- The rice is the star of this meal as me and my friends fighting to eat the rice.. good mix of kidney beans and some gravy to give it a little kick

Can I dare to say I was a little disappointed with the Jerk Chicken at Mr Jerk? It is one of the worse one I ever have. 

BTW, my friends were really hesitate to eat the Jerk Chicken because it was like black... looks like it was really burnt.. I have to explain to them those are just the spice rub they use :).

Lunch specials for students $2 for a beef patty and a pop... I wonder if she will ask me for ID if I order one of those? :)

2.5 star"
"Me: Can I have a Cupcake? They looks delicious and great for snack!! 

Girl: Sure! That would be $3.75! 

Me: $3.75......$3.75.... (OMG!! $3.75!!! That's my lunch special budget!!!) 

Seriously, this is the most expensive cupcake I ever ate! Was it good?? Yes the icing was smooth, the cake itself was moist and have great texture... But it is like a mini cupcake.... I tried to savour every bite.... 

The cupcake was secured and nicely wrapped so it survived my trip back home. 

But at that price?!! I got it from the cart they rent at Vaughan Mills... so it is just a take out cupcake.. with no seating, no deco, no girls in heels serving me... but really for a $3.75 cupcake, I expect a lot... like really exquisite flavour.. not Carrot or Coconut!! 

Carrot mini cake cup cake tasted like a carrot cupcake.... nothing more than that! 

$3.75 for a cupcake.... $3.75................"
"Rasher's Hogtown Sandwich ($7.50) 

""Tender pieces of peameal bacon on a warmed bun.
Delicious with a fried egg & 1 year aged cheddar. 
Described by Toronto Life as ""Toronto's iconic sandwich done right"""" 

was a life changing sandwich for me. I never really like peameal before until NOW!

Thick slice of peameal so moist, so tender and with so much flavour
The bun from Ace Bakery so soft but with such a good bite
Whole grain mustard as condiment gave the sandwich that tangy taste and texture
Egg Fried to perfection 

Friendly staff

Now I even have craving for peameal?!

Need to go try other BACON sandiwch!  NOW!"
"3.5 star with room for improvement!

On a Sunday night when the Liberty Village is quiet like a ghost town.. I wonder around looking for RAAW.. Almost want to give up seems like everything were closed! But what I will do for my Sushi fix? Nothing can stop me.. the only thing I hope was that it still opened when I found it! 

Raaw from outside looked dark.. inside is dark too.. There were only another table aside from myself tonight.. 

Reading through the menu, I found the price here seems reasonable for location inside Liberty Village 

Chef's Sushi ($15) includes salad and Miso soup 
- The Salad was nicely presented in a bowl.. nice spring mix with different greens not just the lettuce, tomato and cucumber.. (+0.5 star) 
- The Miso soup though has good but was served lukewarm.. just like my waitress... 
- The nigiri sushi was a pleasant surprise! Good selections of fish, the cut was big.. (Salmon, Tuna, Shrimp, Octopus, Snapper, and even have my ""favourite"" Saba..) 
- The Maki rolls are both spicy.. tuna and salmon.. I love spicy rolls so I have no complain..but I wondering since it is the Chef's choice and what if someone doesn't eat spicy? 

Seriously this place really have to ""lightened"" up! Not it is so dark and hard to take good photos, and it is a good idea for us to really look and admire what we are eating before we put in our mouth.. that's the part of enjoying your food! 

The staffs here all speak Cantonese.. even the Sushi Chef. The waitress though really courteous kept checking if my tea is filled and if I like my food, but she does sounded blunt.. smile and lightened up.. that will make a difference!"
"Chung Hing Supermarket is one of the few ""Old"" style Supermarket in Scarborough.

I always thought it was closed on a weekday afternoon as it just looked kind of deserted with all the storefront kind of covered up in white paper. 

Right when I walked in, I was hit with that strong fishy smell. Now I know why the ""New"" Supermarket would never had put their fish and meat department right by the door.

The dry good selection though is surprisingly interesting with products from China, Vietnam, Taiwan and Thailand. Some of the items they carries are not even available in the bigger Supermarket I have been to.

Chung Hung Supermarket probably won't be the One Stop grocery store that most people are looking for but not a bad choice if you just want to pick up some items quick."
"I am not really sure why APM would market itself as a ""dim sum house""? Personally I find that's their weakiest link! There are so many great dim sum restaurants in the area and I would strongly recommend you go elsewhere for dim sum.

APM strongest offering is their specialty Chiu Chow items on their menu!

The Marinated Braised Pork Belly  鹵酱豬腩肉 ($9.99) was just the prettiest I seen with the distinguished layers of alternative fat and lean. Melt in your mouth tenderness and flavourable. The Hot Pot Rice 瑤柱杬菜肉鬆煲仔飯 ($9.99) was a winner too with a sharp savory profile from the preserved veggie.

Both dim sum items we ordered: Chiu Chow Dumplings 潮州粉菓 ($3.99) and Spare Ribs 豉汁排骨($3.99)  were such a letdown.

I will probably be back for their Chiu Chow speciality. But for some, all day dim sum might have their appeal."
"It is not easy to locate Jang Uh Plus since it is hidden in the corner at the plaza on Yonge just south of Weldrick. There are no English name for this place in the advertisement my friend shown to me in a Chinese Newsapaper and there of course no Chinese name... Just 2 Korean word Plus...the map on the ad is not too helpful showing it as North of Weldrick!!

The only Chinese characters you will find are at the outside of the store prompting their BBQ Eel which is their speciality. Jang Uh Plus is runned by a Korean family, fortunately the owner speaks English well so I have no problem when I try to order. There are few English words in the menu itself but for the Combo Specials they are only in Korean.. funny thing is the word Soju kept popping up in their one page menu on their placemat and the wall..

They do order Lunch specials, which are $2 or so cheaper from 12-4 pm. I settle on the BBQ Eel + Dongchimi ($12.95). I don't know what is Dongchimi but I find out from the server is cold noodle soup.. that is perfect for me!

The order took 20 min to arrive! I was the first one that came in the restaurant and it was empty.. so it took that long for them to prepare my BBQ eel.. so don't come here if you in a rush!

The free appetitzer is deep fried fish.. normally I won't eat that since it is really a whole bait fish that deep fried without removing their heads and gut..and it can taste really fishy..but I ate both of them..they are pretty good to my surprise.

The BBQ eel is bbq until the skin is nice and crisp and brushed with hot sauce. It is a little bit spicy so if you cannot eat spicy ask them to take it easy on the hot sauce. The server explain to me that  Lettuce, shiso leaf, fresh garlic and ginger are on the side are for wrapping up the eel to eat it like a wrap. I usually hate eating fish skin because I find them fishy and I hate the texture.. but I love how their eel's skin here is so crispy, a little burnt.. and a little spicy!

The cold noodle tasted ok... not the best but I think I will order the EEl with rice instead. Or try one of their combo with Soju if I find out what their combos are!! :)

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"Every neighbourhood should have their local bakery, butcher and seafood store.. Beach Fish House is the place to go to buy fresh seafood if you live in the area.

They carries a full line of Wild Caught, Sustainable, Organic, Farm Raised fish & seafood. Also if you interested in oyster, live lobster. 

They also has cooked food to go e.g. Seafood Chowder...
 
BTW, too bad Lake Ontario is so polluted.. if not one can just fish and have freshest fish from the Lake.. But for the time being, I guess we have to buy them from Seafood market!"
"This LCBO is a little hike from Union Station but definitely worth your while if you are in the area..or you have friends that live in the area and you need to pick up last minute booze.

Tasting Bar is well set up with friendly staffs that help me with my selections. I tasted 2 Single Malt Scotch here $1.5 and $6 respectively.

Beer selections here is decent. A lot of the seasonal and limited beers are in stock.

Ample Parking."
"1915 Lou Zhou Ramen moved into the previous space of Inatei Japanese Restaurant with minimum renovation. I do like the layout especially those 2 people booth seating.

This is the 2nd location of 1915 but I never been to their Downtown location so this is a new experience for me.

Made when order hand pulled Ramen is a must order.

Noodle with Braised Beef Brisket ($9.50)

I enjoyed the freshness and chewiness of my Ribbon noodles. The broth is quite tasty with a herbal taste. The braised beef brisket was meh for me as the kitchen left on a lot of ""ineligible"" which I would have removed if I prep that at home. Still tender but lacked that clean taste.

If you here for spicy broth, you might be disappointed. They do provide chili oil if you want to spice it up.

A solid noodle joint if you have craving for some carbs. 

I will be back and maybe trying out some cold dish and even their dessert. Their menu is well prepared with nice photos that makes everything looks yummy.

Accepts Debit and Credit Cards!"
"Crew Collective & Cafe is possibly the most beautiful Cafe I had visited in term of the decor and vibe.

It is not just a cafe but an event space, a work space, an office space and more. You can just drop by have a coffee in the open area using their desk and free wifi. They also have reserved area if you want a desk for a day to do all your work. If you want to host a meeting with your team, there is also soundproof rooms that can be rented by the hour.

High ceiling, unique interior decor and architecture. The space here is just gorgeous and classy. 

A bit crowded but still worth a visit especially for a tourist like me :)"
"I have been wanting to try Niwatei's Ramen for the longest time. But with their limited openings hours (no weekday lunch hours and closed on Mondays), it is really not easy to make the time to go..

Finally, I made the time to visit on a Sunny Saturday at 6 pm... expecting an empty restaurant.. to my surprise it is more than half full and even more coming in while I was eating until it is up to almost full capacity.

Settled for the Ramen Set ($13): Tonkotsu Ramen, Gyoza and Japanese Jello. 

The Tonkotsu soup based is really milky, full of favour and the flavour is quite complexed. I could not resist drinking the soup... yes it sounded strange why I don't usually drink the soup of Ramen, as some restaurants served soup that is so salty, so heavily favoured by MSG that I just could not make myself drink it!

The noodle itself is quite chewy.. have a nice bite to it. The 2 slices of BBQ pork just have a hint of the charcoal taste and they are nice and lean....

The Gyoza is ok... when compare to Kenzo, I definitely prefer Kenzo's a lot more... Though I really have to give restaurant the credit to realize that Gyoza should not be deep fried.. or double/tripled deep fried.... yuck. BTW, using vinegar as dipping sauce did make the dumplings as it is served in Niwatei.

Skip the Jello dessert... I want to scream to the people next to me when they ordering the Jello dessert, pick the green tea ice cream please!!!..  Though it is nicely presented but basically it is really canned fruits (how I hate canned fruits) with some tasteless jello and a spoonful of red bean mashed served lukewarm.

I would definitely be back when I have cravings for some Ramen if I have cravings again!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"Pho Metro's newest location in Vaughan!

Nice and Spacious interior. 

Family run with a good vibe.

Menu is standard to the other locations, so no surprises or disappointment.

Competition around here can be tough as there are so many Vietnamese cuisine options in the immediate neighborhood."
"The BEST butter tart I ever have! 

The Maid's Cottage's butter tarts are just so good! The crust so flaky and buttery! The fillings so smooth and silky like melted caramel! 

I ate mine so fast while my Yelp friend kept admiring his! I almost want to grab it from him and just eat it!!

I can eat a half a dozen of these tarts with no problem...until I find out their calories and sugar count. How can these little delicious pastry so unhealthy but this sinfully indulgence is worth every single calories!

4 different flavors to choose from Plain, Pecan, Raisin and Currant

The Maid's Cottage now is my must visit stop next time I am up in Newmarket!"
"AC Hotels is an European and Minimalist hotel.

I love the location. Close to Metro, bars and restaurants. I could have a drink at Club Pelicano Montreal just across the street at 1 am and be back in my room in under 5 minute! (My travel mate said it only took him 1 minute, but I don't thinks so!)

Parking is accessible by your room key. There were no temporary parking in the front when you are checking in. This can be a challenge if you have a lot of luggage or with kids.

Nice warm water swimming pool with whirlpool and even sauna! The indoor pool  area is big and well maintained. There was even a lifeguard on duty making sure no rowdy patrons misbehaving or having parties at the area.  Tips: you can find your beach towels inside your room, so please bring that with you before going up to the pool area.

Room is well appointed and quite spacious.  Nespresso machine is always a nice touch."
"Tiger BBQ serves more than BBQ.. Any dish you think belongs to North Eastern China, you can find it here.

Of course a lot of the dishes can be quite spicy, the menu didn't mark any of those dish off with pepper symbol so proceed with caution. My waitress was nice enough to ask me if I can eat spicy after she took my order.

Lamb Skewers ($4.50) only comes in an order of 4 was delicious . A good mixture of fat and lean, the texture was tender. A good dash of spice... cough cough... 

Jello ($4.99) 川北凉粉 Jello has a more doughy texture, the sauce is well balanced with soy sauce, peanut and hot sauce.

Menu is diverse including BBQ fish in hot pot and even BBQ whole rabbit and some exotic organs of cow talking about head to tail..

Cash Only!"
"I am impressed!

The hot pot rice I ordered this time is so good! The spare ribs was tender and the preserved duck was meaty.

The star was the nice crispy rice! Nice crunchiness without being burnt.

Service was also quick and friendly. 

Probably the best hot pot rice in town."
"I feel like I just burn a hole in my stomach after eating at The Spicy & Delicious!

The items with the 2 chili on the side in the menu are quite spicy..and over all what we ordered were quite delicious?!

Now business hour is till 10 pm so when we arrived at 9:40 pm on a Sunday, we were in a rush to order so the kitchen can clean up and ready to close for the night.

We shared:
House Special Spicy Chicken ($7.50)
- Love all those fresh green and red pepper, not only made the dish spicy but add really nice colour to the dish and of course those little devilish szechuan peppercorn that will numb your tongue!
- chicken was cooked really tender and have a hint of wine, garlic and soy sauce

Deep Fried Chicken Soft Bone in a Basket ($12.50)
- Battered and deep fried chicken knee cartilage has a great bite
- great beer food!

Hot and Sour Potato Noodle Soup ($4.50)
- the broth is so spicy... and so garlicky
- I always love potato noodle as I love that chewiness in it

I ended up packing some leftover for lunch.. and the food still taste great the morning after!

Just wish the restaurant serves some cheap beers, these spicy food just go so well with a iced cold refreshing beer!

BTW, I wonder why my Yelp friend kept sticking his tongue out while eating with me?"
"This review of Auberge Du Pommier is based on my Summerlicious 2012 experience.

I have been wanting to come here for a meal for the longest time since I have read all these great reviews on Yelp. Summerlicious lunch definitely something that is good value for $25.

Since it is my first time here, I don't realize how lovely their patio is! I would have told my hostess when she asked me what's my seating preference.

Appetizer: Brandade Croquette
- I really enjoyed that, though the portion is really small but the croquette went well with the black olive/red pepper aioli on the side which give it a savoury kick

Main: Mediterranean Sea bass
- I was disappointed as my fish was really overcooked and tasted really bland
- The mussels on the side were not too fresh either
- Saffron sauce though really tasty but would not have save this dish

Dessert: Ice Cream Sandwich
- Nicely plated! Just love the cocoa nib that sprinkled on top
- Just perfect for a hot summer day and especially if you love chocolate!

Service is excellent! Attentive and professional! 

Make sure you have time for a long lunch! My food did take awhile to arrive and my lunch took almost a hour and a half!!

I might come back one day to Auberge Du Pommier for a full dinner experience. One day......."
"Yin Ji Chang Fen's 2nd location in Markham! Right across Markville Mall at the small strip plaza.

The menu is identical to the Warden location, so no surprise here. If you enjoyed Yin Ji, you would like it here too.

Service thought was 100% better and the wait staff is all smiley and eager to help. I hope they would continue the same service level after their grand opening period. 

Food here is comparable. The congee base seems to be thicker and not as watery as the Warden's location which is a plus!

For people not sure what to order. The Rice Roll is the must. I would probably even just order that and skip the congee."
"This ""newer"" Starbucks at Bayview Village replaced their location inside Chapters/Indigo. 

Seating here is quite limited but I don't think that is an issue as you can always take your drinks to go and enjoy it in the seating inside the mall instead.

Ordering using the App is advised as it is so much quicker and efficient."
"opens 24 hours inside a Petro Canada station.

Good to drop by if you have a snack attack in the middle of the night.

I like how they prepared my breakfast when I ordered. My egg and cheese sandwich was nice and hot with a fried egg right off the pan. The Beyond Meat sausage has this nice bite.

The staff told us it would be a few minute for our order to be ready which was OK with us. 

Seating is a little tight since it is sharing space with the retail area of a gas station."
"Cachet has one of the nicest patios in Downtown Newmarket! A view of the River is a plus.

A solid choice if you want a drink or a full dinner in the area. Menu choice though basic but the kitchen added a personal touch to the items and made them original.

Coconut Shrimp

Crispy coconut coated shrimp with homemade green onion aioli and JD BBQ sauce.

Mushroom Ravioli

Fire roasted mushrooms put inside fresh ravioli shells with a creamy garlic white wine sauce served with delicious goat cheese and spinach as garnish

Sherry Braised Short Beef Ribs

24 hour marinated short ribs braised in a homemade sherry sauce, fall off the bone tender. Served with mashed potatoes and honey glazed carrots

Love the ravioli! A must order! Short Beef Ribs is a pass as it was dry and chewy.

Wait staff here is friendly. We were served promptly and didn't wait too long for drinks and food even on a busy Sunday evening."
"I don't enjoy going to Funeral... So sad, so depressed! Though I have to say Elgin Mills Cemetery Visitation Chapel is one of the best funeral services location I been to.

This is such a convenient location since it is right next to 404. There are ample of parkings. The grounds are well kept.

The inside is nicely decorated. You really does not feel like you are at a funeral home. The Chapel that held the services has high ceiling,  big windows that let nature light to come inand so roomy. Even the sound and visual system that set up for the services are excellent.

Thanks for having all those tissue around on every roll of seats! I was crying a bucket of tears.........."
"I love how disorganized and messy Nikolaou Restaurant Equipment is. 

Looking around is just so much fun as I could find something that I would say yes, I want one of those in my kitchen! 

If you need any gadget for ""Western"" cooking, you would find it here... 

I will be back!"
"I love Egg Tarts! And these maybe the best egg tarts in the area?!

You and Me should all come and try these yummy egg tarts. I love the smooth filling contrasting the flaky shell.

$1.50 each. 

Maybe I should try other traditional baked good but I just could not resist the egg tarts."
"Excellent Service!

I would not say this is one of the best takeout sushi I ever had but it is good at this price point. $30 tax in for a 40 piece sushi, sashimi, roll platter?

The lady that took my order is polite and friendly. My order was ready as promised and I got to pick it up right when I stepped inside the store.

Parking here might be an issue as the front does have some pay parking.

Ho Sushi Express is really Ho Ho Ho!"
"II Gelato Di Carlotta is legit!

I have been to their location in Niagara on the Lake and so happy to see them opens up inside Vaughan Mills.

Great selection of flavours. You can ask for a sample or 2 before deciding on which one, two or three you want!

There are also some seating right beside the kiosk if you do want to enjoy your treats and have a time out."
"Fav Cafe and Bar is another Hong Kong style. I like this location better because there are plenty of parking and is closer to 404. The interior is quite spacious and with high ceiling.

The menu is similar to their first location. We ordered:

Nasi Goreng with Chicken ($9.95) Crispy Chicken Skin! Love the spicy and savoury taste. I would order that again

Fish Fillet Baked in Dill Rose Sauce ($11.95) the fried rice was good. However the fish has so much batter and deep fried before baking. Avoid

Food is quite standard and can be a hit or miss. But still worth visiting if you are in the neighbourhood."
"I never finish the food I ordered every time I eat at Golden Dumpling. The portion here just enormous! 

It is just insane!! My eyes just popped out when I saw the table next to me ordered the pan fried buns which came with 8 in each order.  Their pan fried dumplings are open ended, not the traditional ones but still crispy. I would stick with the steamed dumplings if you are dining alone.

The hot pot noodle $8 is double the portion of other restaurant. I could even barely finish one by myself.

The menu here is huge. I saw the next table ordered this hot pot which is the size of a basin?! 

So were the food tasty?! They are not mind blowing tasty but has this home cook vibe. Simple ingredients and simple cooking techniques. If you want something basic and filling, you won't be disappointed.

I think next time I want to get what the NEXT table is getting. That big hot pot thing??"
"Smith is a OK place for brunch. 

Love the second floor dining area, which feels like I am in someone house instead of a restaurant.

Service is A-OK even as a big group (10).

Me and My Yelp friend shared:

Smith Benedict ($15)
- I enjoyed the Leek Fondue Sauce which is a lot lighter and feels even healthier than the usual hollandaise 
- The eggs were poached perfectly

French Toast ($12)
- Quite standard in presentation and taste...
- The local sourced maple syrup though is a nice touch

Coffee ($3) was fresh brewed and really good.. I ended up having at least 5 cups...

I might come back to Smith if I am in the neighbourhood, but I won't be rushing back!"
"When there are hardly any independent Cafes in Markham... I am happy to settle for Second Cup. 

Not the best cappuccino I have but this Second Cup have great hours from 6 AM till 11 PM.. and have Free WIFI access. 

The interior is a little run down.. and have some strange Middle Eastern theme decor.. sticking some silk cushions on the wall??? 

The clientele seems like regulars and everyone knows each other. 

My cappuccino was served in this big heavy mug... with little coffee and tons of foam......................"
"2.5 star (rounded up to 3 due to this place is relatively new)

Liwan Kitchen is another Rice Roll, Congee and Casserole Rice Point joint that opens in the area.

Interior is quite spacious as it used to be Congee King and Liwan just took over with minimum remodeling.

Casserole Rice comes with a side soup and it takes 20 minutes prep time. Calling ahead is an option to minimize wait time.

Mushroom and Chicken Rice ($8.59) served in this cute one person portion hoyt pot. I hope you like rice as meat vs rice ratio is low. The pot did heat up quite well as there was a layer of crispy rice at the bottom. The soy sauce served on the side was room temperature. Chicken tasted bland and the rice lacked the infused flavours from the meat/mushrooms. The soup that came complimentary though was not the double boiled soup that usually comes with competitors. 

Rice Rolls at around $4 and up was so so. The wrapping itself was decent but the stuffed meat quality was poor. I might opt for the plain ones.

Breakfast Specials till 11 am for $6.99 with a choice of rice roll/noodle + Congee sounds like a decent deal.

Service is homey and welcoming. Might not be my first choice in the neighborhood but if you have the rice roll cravings, Liwan is not too bad.

** MSG level Alert: HIGH **
I did get extremely thirsty and dry mouth a hour or so after my dinner. Please be aware if you are allergic to MSG."
"If you looking for a real sushi experience, go to Yasu. 

If you just want to eat salmon sashimi till you full, there are tons of ayce places you can go to on Bloor St.

I am just happy that Ouchi San decided to open Yasu. I have been to his previous restaurant Nigiri-Ya at Leaside it was good but not as good as what he is doing at Yasu now. $80 seems to be steep for ""sushi"" but trust me the experience more than worth it! 

Fresh fish and seafood from all over the world including Japan, Europe, North America. Each fish is featured as a piece of art in nigiri sushi with just the perfect preparation method and condiments (fresh wasabi, soya sauce, yuzu salt, shiso, ginger....) 

Procedure: 
- watch the preparation
- listen to the explanation
- admire my food
- smell my food which will further enhance my experience
- use my hand and put it my mouth and eat slowly and just let my taste buds dance
- making happy noises and smile
- Repeat

I was sad that I miss the fresh  Hokkaido Uni but seriously Aburi O-toro, Ankimo, Hokkaido Scallop even Mackerel tasted so good...

I will be back.. I want to be back... 

When am I coming back? (let me go check their availability on Yelp reservation!)"
"There are how many Starbucks along Yonge Street??? I really lose count. Seems like there are one at every corner?!

This Starbucks is located a few Block North of Eglinton.

Smallish in size. The tables are really close together and I felt like I am bump into everything and everyone when I walk in!

I was hoping there are more tables downstairs but ended up the stair leads to 2 washrooms. 

The bar stools facing Yonge Street does give me a good view of the busy Yonge Street!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience.

A one dish meal with a drink for $7.50?! I am not complaining. Usually I am not too crazy about Indian Hakka Chinese because of the oiliness and heaviness. Surprisingly, my Chili Chicken was not too heavily breaded and have just a light sauce. Serving piping hot right from the wok, I can smell that sweet spicy aroma of chili.

Service was friendly and fast. I like how modern and cheerful the decor is.

Li Dynasty probably the cleanest and most spacious Indian Hakka Chinese restaurant in the area. Worth a visit if you are in the hood."
"Visiting Japanese Canadian Cultural Centre give me a feel of how successful Canadian Multiculturalism works... 

Packed Sunday early afternoon with students learning various Martial Arts like Aikido, Iaido, Judo and Kendo. And surprising there are a mix in age group (kids to seniors) and ethnicity! This is a proof of how successful for JCCC to not only sustain the culture and promote it to the rest of the population.. 

I too feel like learning some Judo and so I can throw and tackle my friend without getting in trouble.. :P 

The decoration and set up of the Centre itself is quite Zen... though there are martial art classes going on in left wing of the centre, on the right wing you will experience quiet and tranquillity. There are usually some sort of temporary Japanese theme art exhibition going on or if not there are some permanent exhibit of Japanese culture. A seating area that overlooking a small Japanese garden or you can relax or take a nap at the back room pretending you reading a Japanese magazine.. :) 

I really want to come back for the different festival and learn more about the Japanese culture, since I love eating Sushi that much! :)"
"$20 for a Dinner Set Meal for 2?! I was surprised by the portion size of the Mixed Mushroom Veggie and the Chicken. Good value as a neighbourhood restaurant.

Food is decent and every single table sender up with leftover to pack home.

Staff is friendly and efficient.

Menu though is limited in choices but more focused.

Worth giving Golden Lion a try for a casual family meal and come hungry!"
"By default... I love Tea Shop! So by default I found Tsaa Tea Shop amazing...

Loves the armchairs and how I can just chilled out with a chilled tea.

Chilled Apple Sencha Tea ($2.95) half sweetened with honey served in a half pint glass made me felt like I am drinking beer. 

My tea was delivered to my table..while I was busy checking in with my Yelp App using their WIFI..talking about services!

Pastries looks delicious... they are from Tokyo Bakery (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/tokyo-bakery-scarborough) in Scarborough. 

I wish I can stay a little longer... but my Yelp friends were too eager looking for a patio to enjoy a REAL beer!"
"I seldom have hot pot or even AYCE option when I go out to eat. But my experience at Beijing Hot Pot Restaurant might change my mind.

The restaurant itself is clean. I love how everything is so organized.

The option of havine 1/2/3/4 different soup base in one pot is just genius! Our group of 3 were able to have our own favourite/individual soup base without sharing with others! I can go all the way and order my spicy mala soup while others can enjoy mushroom base or pork bone base! Win Win situation for all of us.

The quality of meat is quite good for an AYCE. Other selection is good. I especially love the different kind of mushrooms that offers and even different kind of soy products too. 

This is one of those places I can go eat with a vegetarian and we can both enjoy our own personal hot pot.

Service was excellent. All orders were delivered promptly which is really important as there is a 1.5 hour time limit. The experience can be a little rush but it works well if you are waiting for a table."
"I am a pasta lover and it is great that Dal Moro's opened up a location at the food court inside Vaughan Mills.

A great option while shopping in Vaughan Mills. Even though the menu is basic but it is great to have some healthy ""fast"" food for a change. Pick your pasta, your sauce and additional toppings or just keep it simple.

I would also suggest to finish off your meal with an order of tiramisu."
"I just have the worse ever drink I ever had in my life, thanks to Honey Tea H.K..... Maybe I had worse, but it was bad enough for me to dump it after a few sips.

Yuan Yang (Hong Kong Style Milk Tea and Coffee Mix)$1.25

- not enough milk
- coffee and tea were stale
- bitterness that would not be sweetened doesn't matter how much sugar I add

Maybe because the staffs of Honey Tea H.K. were having their lunch break when I was there picking up my drink... but that is not really acceptable!"
"The last time when I was in Restoran Malaysia was a few years ago. I decided to come back with my friend to tried out the lunch specials so I can yelp about it.

The cheesy Restoran Maylaysia outside of the building does not really match with the interior design of the restaurant. The decoration is calm and soothing with the dim lighting and Zen environment.

We were greeted and seated promptly by the waitstaff. The lunch menu starts from $7.50. We decided on the Thai Curry Chicken and the Pad Thai to be shared between us.

The food arrived so fast! My friend was so amazed... The Pad Thai is good.. not great.. but is good. The Thai Curry Chicken is not too spicy but there are tons of chicken strips inside and it is quite filling.

Though the food are good here. I have to say that they are not really authentic Malaysian dish. Adjustment did made to suit the local market. 

Though it is still a pretty good decent place for Malaysian food. The services were great. The waitstaffs dropped by a few time and make sure that everything were ok and our water glasses got refilled without asking! They even ask us if we want some more hot sauce when they saw our sauce plate was empty! 

haha found this on their website: ""Hot sauce and sambal belachan is available upon request. However, if wasted, a dollar will be charged onto your bill."" For sure I did not waste any!!

The non-alcoholic drinks menu here are amazing with so many different tropical cocktails that are not offered in other restaurants.

They accepts all credit cards and interac."
"If you ask me what's my top 10 favourite ice cream, Kawartha Dairy's Moose Tracks comes to mind!

Mini Peanut Butter Cups with Vanilla Ice Cream that made with fresh milk and cream. And for $4.50 a tub or so.... So good and affordable!

Oh and of course you can pick up some milk and other local produces and baked goods.

A scoop of ice cream in a cone/cup always great for the drive home!"
"Royal Orchard Thai Cuisine the last place I would have expect my yelp buddy would want to go for dinner! Spicy Thai food?!! Who would have thought.. 

Thai Spicy... according to my Thai yelp buddy.. there is no Thai Spicy... For me, I would have rather rephrased that as how a ""Real"" Thai cook would have serve the dish to real Thai people in Thailand! :) 

Our guest of Honour tonight Rafi N is all for any spicy food... so I decide to invite him to share our Thai Spicy dinner... 

Thai Shrimp Sashimi (Goong Chae Nam Pla) ($8) 
- Special request for the night by yelp buddy 
- I can see the fear in his eyes when I was admiring all those fresh Thai chili on the uncooked shrimps... while the other one making a pass... yes those shrimps looks raw and alive....... 
- I was a little disappointed as the marinate is really one dimensional... fish sauce and more fish sauce... maybe some fresh lime juice and more herbs will make the shrimp tasted better 

Papaya Salad (Som Tom) ($8) 
- Big disappointment... Papaya was soggy didn't have any bite at all 
- Not even any Thai Chili mixed into the Salad...(she did bring me some fresh one on the side) 
- no peanuts, no dried shrimp, fish sauce tasted bland... 

Satay Chicken and Beef ($10) 
- Rafi seems to love this... he practically ate the whole thing... and we were happy that he enjoyed his meat! 

Basil Chicken (Kai Krapao) ($12) 
- Good portion size and has tons of veggie... 
- white meat was used, so it is healthy but chicken was a little dried.. 
- not a pronounced basil flavoured... more fresh basil leaves would really make this more tasty 

Thai Spicy Noodle with Shrimp ($12) 
- Really generous serving of good sized shrimps... and they were perfectly cook and fresh 
- not too spicy... but have a nice rounded taste 

Thai Iced Tea/Thai Ice Coffee ($3.50) 
- good photo op.... and I like the Thai Iced Tea better because the Coffee is just a tad too sweet for me... sweet to a point with that coffee taste... (but you are talking to someone that always drink her coffee black...) 
- Love that orange coloured Iced Tea... anatto is the spice that give it the colour and the little nutmeg flavour

We all survived our Thai Spicy menu at Royal Orchard. Overall, it was a solid Thai experience in Thornhill..."
"Liquid dessert? Or Ice Cream?

For me that's both. Mango Shake with a scoop of ice cream ($3.50) or that Pink Cream Sherbet Sundae ($2.50)?

There are also snacks: Mutton Roll ($1) is light but still have a good kick of spices and Vadai Fritters (3/$1).

There are also different variety of house made ice cream if you just want a cold treat.

Lingan Cream House is a good place if you looking for a snack or dessert...for me that is any time of the day!

Just be warn! The ice cream here is NOT non fat, low sugar or any other healthy option! Expect to have a mouthful of sweetness, creaminess and smoothness!"
"This is our first time but not the last time staying in Renaissance Montreal Downtown.

Love the decor. Modern, Chic but with Character. 

Room was well appointed with so many nice amenities! Nespresso machine to make a shot of espresso to start the day. Bose wifi speaker to stream my Spotify playlist. Aveda Rosemary Mint toiletries relax the body and the mind after a long day of eating.

Location is convenient as it is close to Eaton Centre, Convention Centre and Metro Station. If you are bar hopping or food crawling downtown Montreal, this is a perfect location.

If you love the small boutique hotel vibe, you will enjoy your stay at Renaissance! 

Nightly turn service with a Maple Syrup Candy left at your bedside?! 

Only valet parking available if you are driving. You can park at the side with 15 minute parking for hotel guests to unload your luggage.

Rooftop swimming pool. I guess I need to come back when the weather is warmer."
"This Winners location is disappointingly small.

Nothing much to look at! I was looking for a suitcase and the selection was pathetic.

Always have a long line to cash out... 

The location at Woodbine and 7 is a better choice!!"
"Drop by Yogoberri on a cold windy winter afternoon for a fro yo fix. I don't think they expect anyone that is crazy enough to eat frozen yogurt when outside is freezing enough.. their machine was not even on!!

So we waited for a couple of minutes and the frozen treats they served us was not frozen enough and was half melting when we are in the middle of eating it...and becoming non frozen yogurt treats.

Small for $2.97 with no toppings... hmmm not the best value. The green tea flavour was not bad but if the matcha flavour can be a lot stronger.

Yogoberri seems to be an ok place to go with your little girlfriend to hang out after dinner for a late nite treats before walking her home and giving her a good night kiss...

Sweet Sweet!"
"Usually when I want to celebrate special occasions but want to stay up in the suburbs without going downtown, I go to Octagon.. But after dining here at Terra Restaurant, I am so impressed and now it becomes the Go to restaurants if one want to celebrate or impress!! 

Classy, Chic and Modern decoration.. good for all occasions. Service was excellent! One of the best I have, attentive, helpful and professional. 

The main though pricey..but all nicely done.. and so delicious!!! 

Baby Arugula Salad ($14.95) 
- Our waiter split that in half portion for us to share... (Maybe I want to have the salad all for myself! :P)
- Light vinaigrette dressing with blue cheese and caramelized walnut.. I love walnut!! 

Lime Sherbet was served to clear our palate, before our mains: 

Grilled Bison Tenderloin (8oz) with Foie Gras ($44.95) 
- Waiter suggest how the meat best to be cook to medium rare...which is my preference anyway 
- really lean but so tender.. not gamey at all.. and nicely filleted finished off with a balanced gravy 
- Foie Gras.. exterior seared and Mmmm good (I ate that whole tiny piece since my DC is not into that!) 

Grilled Mixed Seafood ($37.95) 
- Waiter suggest the fish to be cooked medium 
- Salomon, sawfish, cod, tiger shrimp, big scallop, king crab, squid just to name a few 
- All of sampling portion, lightly seasoned!!. and all fresh and tasty.. I would have a hard time if I force to decide if I only allow to order just one!! 

Cheese and Cracker served while we decide on dessert :

While reading the dessert menu, I am so impressed with the loose leaf tea selection ($3.95-$14.95) they have.. One of the best I encountered in a sit down restaurant aside from a tea house.. And all of them according to the menu description are whole leafs tea!! 

French Press Coffee ($3.95) 
- A little weak and watery.. I wondering if they have a stronger brew.. I ended up drinking the coffee black.. though it smell really good 
- Terra should have a more extensive coffee menu... 

Warm Flourless Chocolate Torte with Ice Cream ($11.95) 
- I am glad that I decide to order ONE dessert to share.. it is sizable and I barely able to finish my half portion 
- Rich and chocolaty and fluffy and light at the same time! Heavenly Good!! 

Terra is not cheap!! I definitely think it is worth the price tag. At least the food is really good, reasonable portion and excellent services... I will be back... especially if there is another group buy deal again!!

Now guys you know where you should take your date.. hint hint! Or you can always come for a night cap and dessert!!"
"I really enjoy the atmosphere and the vibe at Te Aro. 

The inside is perfectly lit with warm and inviting lighting... It have to be one of the most quiet coffee place I been to, seems like everyone are whisphering in here... I love that communal table with the bar stool... even if you do come alone, feels like you are not alone sharing some spaces with others...

The staffs here are all nice and cheery. The brew is a little stronger than the other places I been to for the Cappuncino I ordered but love the latte art. So pretty to look at....and of course served in the proper glassware +0.5 star

Te Aro's patio is nice and inviting.. (I luck out.. no little ones or toddlers on this cool fall day.. but plenty of furry friends - the water bowels for doggie is a nice touch). It feels like an Oasis and a resort up North in the middle of TO.

Free WIFI always and extra +0.5 star!!

Used my Indie Coffee Passport here!"
"I should not have took my friend to Beast for Brunch. Since I have been after her to lose weight and eat more healthy and here I am ordering all these meat dishes without any veggie.. Me Bad!

We were lucky to come in a small group of 2, most of the tables in this small dining room are for 2 or 4.. if not there would have been a wait for tables. 

French Press Coffee ($4)
- Coffee Beans from Sam James. love how there are different beans that you can choose from! A timer will beep when your coffee is ready to drink!

Pork Belly + Pancakes ($11)
- Pork Belly is not overly fattening, the portion of fat and lean meat is around 50%, great bite and smokey taste
- Pancakes is light and not doughy

Hevos Rancheros ($12)
- grilled chorizo not salty with great meaty taste and a hint of spiciness
- A great twist to the Mexican Classical Breakfast dish

Size portion wise is on the smallish size,  I was barely full..  If you are a big eater, you might need to order a side dish or go for another brunch!!"
"This Jack Astor's Bar & Grill location is close to Union Station and definitely not a bad place to catch some World Cup Action.

The bar area has enough TVs that made me happy as I can watch 2 on going games at the same time.

Sitting at the bar is nice because it is easier to get one of the 4 bartenders attention faster when the place was packed with customers.

We ordered Poutine and Guacamole to share, nothing too amazing but good to snack on while drinking our beers.

Come early to beat the crowd for game day if you want the best seat in the house like me!"
"I hate lines!!

Walking along Queen West of Ossington, seems like most of the bars/clubs have a line.. and Drake Hotel's line just looked unbearable.

Then we passed by The Beaconsfield with no line and the place seemed to be hopping!

The music here was loud... but just have this calming effect... like a background music.

We even able to get a table right by the bar, great place for people watching.

Usual beer selections, nothing too fancy here. Stella $7.50 tax in for a pint, that's what we settled on.

Crowd here seems to be friendly and a little older...and most people were coming in for a quick drink and then just moved on.

Great stop for our night of bar crawling!"
"I have Wagamama bookmarked for the longest time, but never have a chance to pay a visit! 

After my brunch at Beast.. I walked past Wagamama without realizing.. until I was waiting for the Streetcar which took forever to come then I thinking oh a Coffee shop.. Wagamama? why it sounded so familiar? 

Really simple and homey interior. Most of the patrons here seems like regulars on this rainy, snowy, windy Mid April. 

All the pastries and sandwiches looked good..but I just could not take my eyes off the little mini cookies in the cookies jar.. (BTW, they do resemble dog treats!) 

Sesame/Almond Chocolate Cookies for 30 cents each 
- They are on the smallish size.. but great as treats or if you are on a diet.. and don't want to over indulge 
- Small on Size but Big on Flavours 

So if you still hungry after having brunch at Beast, Wagamama's croissants and other pastries would definitely makes your Sunday complete!"
"Maybe I don't need to get up too early in the morning to enjoy a good breakfast! 

Scratch Fresh Foods serves Eggs, Omelets, Pancakes all these good breakfast choices the whole day. All prepared with care and love from scratch, which definitely better than anything I can make at home.

Cinnamon Roll Pancake ($9.49)
- So light! So fluffy! So bouncy!
- Sprinkled with sugar on top and love the intense cinnamon flavour
- Lightly whipped butter cream so smooth giving the pancake a silky finish!

Chicken and The Egg - House made biscuit, fried buttermilk chicken, two slices of bacon, sausage gravy, fried egg and more gravy! Served with home fries and baked beans ($9.99)
- Fried Chicken was well seasoned with just a light kick of spiciness 
- The poached egg done perfectly and bacon just fried to the right crispness
- The only complaint might be is I need more fried chicken!

If you are not into breakfast dishes, there are also sandwiches, wraps and burgers to choose from.

Scratch Fresh Foods though a little out of the way, but well worth the trip just to enjoy well prepared home made food made from fresh ingredients. 

Service is friendly and laid back. Even the deco feels like home...

I just wish there is something like Scratch in my neighbourhood! I will be back!"
"Tasty & Tasty is a restaurant that serves Northern Chinese Food just open at the corner of McNicoll and Kennedy. 

BBQ of any part of a sheep..includes Sheep Balls (yes not meat balls, the real thing), Cow Blood Vessels  can be find on their extensive menu.

But we are here this evening for their grilled whole fish ($24.99) cooked in our broth of choice, and of course for me always the spiciest version of Peppercorn flavour. Here you got to pick the fish, we settled on the cat fish and what kind of sides we want as there are quite selections to choose from for $1 each.

My DC really enjoyed the fish, which has a firm texture and not fishy at all but instead has a hint of sweetness. The  veggie and vermicelli noodles soaked up all the spicy broth and is delicious. Just be really careful with the zillions of peppercorns in the broth, unless of course you enjoy the numbness those little thing can cause to inside of your mouth!

Eating here at Tasty & Tasty is just like eating at a friend's house back in University. Nothing is formal, a little chaotic but is hard to be upset at our lovely waitress. Our seats at the booth even fell apart..as it is not even attached to the wooden base. 

Btw, they were out of beers!! I think the fish would have taste so much better with some iced cold beer...not one of those slush, soda, yogurt and bubble tea drinks they also serves!

Tasty & Tasty only opens from 4:00 pm to 5:00 am so if you are in the area and a urge for late night food, give them a try!!"
"After reading all these 4 and 5 star reviews from fellow yelpers, I really want to go visit Adam & Eve Chocolatier and try out their chocolate.

I have to tell you all this sad new, the FOR RENT sign is up in front of the store, apparently it is out of business!! I tried their phone number and it has been disconnected too..."
"The Travel Store inside Toronto Pearson Airport Terminal One opens every day from 5 AM to 1 AM!

They carries luggage, travel accessories and  some souvenirs too... Great for last minute shopping or just browse around. 

Aside from retailing, The Travel Store also offers storage services. An alternative if you have a long layover, you can just store your luggage here for a fee and take the bus to the city to explore a little...."
"My quest for traditional dim sum places with push carts continues...

Miu Garden is one of the traditonal dim sum restaurants that has dim sum served from push carts. I have to tell you the ladies here are so aggressive when trying to make you order from them. They willing to tell your friend how handsome he looks and flirts/compliments him in order to make a sale... Or they will try dumping them on your table.. and the secret is telling them No No No!

They offer dim sum specials the whole day, and if you pay before 11 AM no charge for tea. Their dim sum is One price $2.10 for all sizes and even cheaper for afternoon tea. Their dim sums portions are all pretty big like mega size Hai Gow..  but they do compensate the quality over the quantity. Especially someone was complaining that they put the mushroom stems in their Siu Mai which is a No No.

Miu Garden does have the feel of a traditional restaurants when everyone talks at the top of their voices thus result in  a noisy and lively eating environment. The services are not that bad. We don't even need to wait for our bills, the waiter has a chart and tell us exactly how much our meals cost in 10 sec when I called him over!

All our fellow yelpers were happy when the bills come up to be $6.50 per person tax and tips in!"
"When my Yelp Friend texted me telling me that Oca Nera is behind a gas station, I don't really know what to expect. But even gas station in this hood is cuter and have Country Cottage vibe.

Oca Nera is a hidden gem serving classical Italian dish with a modern twist. Daily specials is designed around fresh and seasonal ingredients. 

We ended up sharing:

Signature: Crispy Spaghetti-Wrapped Shrimp, Strega Cream Emulsion ($14)
Risotto: Seafood, Chantrelle BC Mushroom ($22)
Pasta: House Made Casa Reca, Rendered Sausage, Roasted Egg Plant, Topped with Garlic Rapini ($23)

Everything we ordered were excellent from freshness of ingredients, complexity of taste, techniques in cooking and plating.

The restaurant is quite busy during lunch hour and service can be a little slow with just 1 waiter and an assistant. 

The decoration is modern but cozy. Great for all occasions especially if you have a birthday to celebrate!

I definitely will be back. I still have to try out their dessert!"
"I parked myself at William Fresh Cafe with my laptop for 2 hours last night and writing Yelp reviews.

Good:
- WIFI connection here is quick and fast.
- tons of seatings
- not too crowded or infested with students
- drinks served in a real cup

Bad:
- Cappucino is so so...taste more like a latte... really need stronger roast
- Only have a few electrical outlets in a little area in the front of the Cafe... good luck if you want to sit at one of the booth...better have your laptop charged up
- Not much privacy, since you will be sitting shoulder to shoulder if you want to have access to the outlets

2.5 star.. I have to say I prefer Panera Bread down at Yonge and 16th better!"
"Nak Won Restaurant just opened up its third location replacing the Tofu Village at New Kennedy Centre. 

I am glad that Nak Won is openning up another location up North aside from the one at First Markham Place. However, I do like Tofu Village better.

When Nak Won moved into this location, not much renovation is needed. All they did is took out all those huge photos of Korean dishes on the wall..and references to Tofu Village.

The menu is similar to the other Nak Won location. With lunch specials starting at $5.99 including all the banchans! What a steal!

Since I have craving for cold noodles so I decided on the Korean Cold Noodle Soup ($8.99) instead. They do offer the one with no soup but mixed with sweet and spicy sauce.

The banchans at Nak Won is always good and plentiful. The cold noodles arrived shortly. The size is a bigger than other Korean restaurant I been to, garnished with marinated cucumber, apples slice, beef and ice cube. I feel like I am eating a bowl of bottomless noodles because I was full after eating half of it! There is also vinegar and mustard to add in if you prefer to have a stronger taste.

The noodles are the chewy type..and does have a lot of bite to it. I am always a noodle fans so I really enjoy eating it!

The services is cold and impersonal without a smile as always.. but you get your food fast and is cheap. In and out with no fuss!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Though located in one of the strip mall at the corner of Whites and Kingston, this LCBO is quite decent.

Small in sizes compared to the other ones I been to, but still well stocked on wines and have quite a bit of selections of gift sets just in time for the Holiday!

But if you are looking for some Sake, Soju or any of those non main stream alcoholic drinks, you will be definitely disappointed.

Staffs are friendly and eager to help."
"2.5 Star 

If I going to rate Phuket Paradise based on their Chicken Pad Thai, It would deserved a 1 star... 

Lunch Special from $6.99 with soup or spring roll. The selections are quite good with both Chinese and Thai fares... Maybe that is NOT a good sign? If a Thai restaurant serving chow mein..?? 

Both the Coconut Soup and Tom Yum Soup were really tasty, especially the Coconut soup which tasted good without being creamy. The Tom Yum is on the sour side, but my Yoga classmate seemed to enjoy that. 

Green Curry Chicken which suppose to be 3 chili spicy lack the spiciness, but I was surprised with all the veggie and the use of white meat in the dish. 

Pad Thai... stay away from Pad Thai.... the only thing is good about it is at least Phuket Paradise didn't use ketchup. But the Tamarind sauce they used tasted blend and the dish is kind of lukewarm not hot from the wok! 

Deco is nice but the whole restaurant smelled like bleach. But maybe I should feel assured that they scrubbed the floor really clean??!"
"I got confused when my Yelp Drinking Buddy suggested that we go Smokeless Joe?! 

What Joe?? I really not into one of those franchise places especially one that is smacked right in the entertainment district serving chicken wings and fries.. 

Then i read the reviews on Yelp and I know I got Smokeless Joe wrong all these time.. and I have to come here and enjoy a beer and the atmosphere. 

Mills Street Coffee Porter ($5) feature beer of the night. It may not be something too exquisite but interesting enough... a lot different than the fruity and light beer I drinking most of the time. Bitterness and Nuttiness with a complex flavour. 

I love the down to earth and the laid back vibe of Smokeless Joe.. and great to have servers that know what they are doing and the products they carries... then just taking the orders. 

The patio is small but kind of cool for a summer night... 

I wondering where they moving to?? Hopefully the new space would be as laid back and rustic as the original!"
"This is the first time I ever eat at Bayview Court even though I been driving by it numerous time! (Ok, I ate here because the Malaysia restaurant across the street is closed and I want to yelp about some restaurant)

There were only another table when I went in on a Monday late afternoon. The service is fast. I tried to stay away from the oily food like stired fried and deep fried as per previous yelpers complained about the amount of oil. I ordered a  home made fish ball rice noodle soup which suppose to be a Chiu Chou Style food.

There are 5 fish balls and 4 fish slices. The fish balls are quite tasty, yes they tasted home made, not like the ones I got from a package in the supermarket. The size of the noodle is nice..just perfect. But it does not taste like Chiu Chou fish ball noodle as there are not garnishes like perserved ""winter"" vegetables or seaweed..

The menu does have a lot of varieties and the price is good. I guess if you come with a whole group of people, this place is a good choice since there are something for everyone.

No lunch special!

Cash only!"
"Pizza made to order at 6:30 AM, Anyone??

Wolfgang Puck Express for sure is an upgrade compare to McDonald's... but with the price to match.

Thin crust pizza fresh from the oven VS having more fast food? 

I am willing to pay a little extra for that."
"Brewery Pub! I was so excited to have some beers at Butcher & The Brewer.

Walked in and the hostess advice me that all their terminals are down and they not sure when it would be back up running. I just want some beers and can pay cash for them. But apparently they cannot take even drink orders when the terminals are not working.

She suggested I come back tomorrow... and it was just 6 pm in the evening?!"
"24 hours! All Day Dinner! 

I can imagine my Yelp Friend whispering in my ears.... All Day Dinner! 16oz steak medium rare, you can do it!! But this like 7:30 am not 7:30 pm, though the sky still looked dark. 

Breakfast starts from $5.95 meatless breakfast that includes bottomless coffee, priced like Hong Kong Style Cafe I frequented made me feel at home!

Do I want the meat? Yes I want the meat ($6.95)! 3 big meaty greasy breakfast sausages, really hit the spot!! Toast soaked with butter! Eggs Over Easy! And potato too....

Washing down my greasy breakfast with cups of coffee really gave me a kick start and wake me up a little from just the 2 hours sleep the night before. Hate those early flights!

Nice cooks and cashier addressed me as Ms. Zet's Restaurant is not as ghetto as I expected! 

Cash Only! See the sign at the cash points towards the ATM!"
"Dealicious is another numerous group buy sites that have started in the last couple of years.

However, it is a little different from other sites...as they also offers coupons for business without you purchase or make a transaction with the site. So you can just print the coupons off the website and just use them to have discount/deals at business.

Dealicious set up by  the same people behind restaurant websites like Dine.TO, Toronto-Restaurants.com and TorontoPubs.com.

Check it out maybe you can get a buy one get one free coupon at your favourite restaurant without paying any money upfront!"
"Fresh Milk Grass Jelly Drink  regular size ($4.75) at Chatime! Was it good? Totally, but it is on the pricey side.

In between meals and looking for somewhere to chill and wifi a little. Chatime is a great alternative near the Bay and Dundas area.

Since Chatime is new, everything is sparkling clean... super clean washrooms!!

I think I will come back to try out other tea based drinks, as Chatime, means Tea Time!"
"I don't believe this!! For my trip to Montreal I was too busy eating ""MEAT"" and I forgot to have any Marcons.......

My Sweet Kat K remembers my passion for sweet and at our UYE she just presented us with a box of assorted flavours of Marcons from Birk Cafe! 

Even after almost a week, they are still so so so good... The shell has the right texture and the fillings has great flavour...just the right amount of sweetness.. So pretty too... Polka dot marcons! :)

I really want to eat the whole box... but I ended up sharing them with other yelpers... I secretly wish they all said ""No! I am on a diet!"""
"A Starbucks with a Rooftop Patio!! I know where I going to hang out with my laptop on a nice summer day...

Right at the corner of Jones and Gerrard across from Riverdale Collegiate. I will definitely avoid this Starbucks on a school day afternoon unless you want to hang out with high school students... nothing wrong with that!

Really spacious even without the patio, there are 2 levels... 

There are some notable elements make this Starbucks different than some of the suburbs ones I frequent:

- The wood on the walls is reclaimed bleacher seating from a high school in Scarborough
- Tiles used are all 40% or more recycled content 
- Upholstery for the leather chairs is made from recycled materials 
- The long stand-up bar at the front of the store is made from a piece of beam found - in an old warehouse in Toronto 
- Community table is made locally and the top itself is a piece of bowling alley from the old Scarborough Lanes 
- The patio table is from the Bank of Montréal building and the supports are made by a local artist 
- The murals are hand painted by a Toronto graffiti artist"
"Place Jacques-Cartier in Old Montreal has its charm in different seasons. But of course it is the prettiest during springs and summers when all the flowers are blooming.

Numerous bistro and bars lining up both side of the Square with outside patio area.

There are also live entertainment: performers, musicians, stand up comedians and more.

Quite enjoyable for an after dinner stroll."
"Hot Yoga Wellness Kennedy is hot yoga studio similar to Moksha but have additional Asian element Qigong implemented in some of the classes.

The location is in Scarborough.. hard to find at night as it is at the side of industrial complex look alike building and even their signs are not permanent... just a banner hanging across.

I was welcome in Mandarin with the receptionists.. not surprising since it is a really ""chinese"" area. 

Amenities they are quite good.. with 3 showers, 2 toilets and filtered water to refill my water bottle. There are also some mini lockers in the waiting area to lock up your valuables if you do desire!

The class I took is one of those yogalates.. with first 30 minutes of standard moksha poses than then last 30 minutes more pilates movement with pilates breathing.  The instructor  was nice and did make the class quite enjoyable.

Hot Yoga Wellness Kennedy is a decent yoga studio.. but if you looking for variety.. and you not into just heated yoga, you might need to look somewhere else..."
"We were hungry! We want Food!! After a Yelp Elite Event in the area, my yelp date kept saying she was hungry... which happened quite often, so a bunch of us decided to go for a late bite at Shanghai Cowgirl. 

Too bad it was kind of chilly at night so we opt not to sit in the patio. Services here were excellent! Our waitress was really attentive and even willing to give us separate bills!! Since after a few drinks, no one would able to figure out how much their meal cost!! 

I shared a triple decked grilled cheese sandwich with harvati, jalapeno and avocado ($10.95) with Steph L... since she loves avocado and I love jalapeno so we both happy with our selection, or was it her selection?? The sandwich though on the small side but it was perfect for a late night snack. 

Shanghai Cowgirl is a cute diner if you want some comfort food. Nothing outstanding but at least you know you won't be disappointed!"
"Signs of Ontario Local Crafted Brewers and that Walk in fridge did make me a little excited when I walked into this LCBO!

But sadly, not many to choose from.....strangely, Wychwood Humbug Christmas Cheer Ale are shelved together as local breweries? 

If you are here for some sake or soju or Chinese wine, you will be disappointed as there are not that more variety in stock.

But at least, I know the beers I am getting from here are all nice and cool and ready to drink! Great place to pick up a pack or 2 or even the large format of La Trappe for a party!"
"I could not stop smiling when I read the description on their website about  La Piazzetta Ristorante, ""Exploring Fine Italian, French and Mediterrean Cuisines"".

The La Piazzetta Ristorante is located inside Monte Carlo Inn.

The deco of the restaurant is quite nice and charming. I was there for lunch and they do have set lunch for $6.99.

I ordered the Set Lunch A Meat Ball Linguine. The price is great $6.99 includes soup, garlic bread and drink.

Please beware you are not eating in a ""fine"" Italian restaurant. You are eating in a Hong Kong Style western restaurant....  then you will be ok.

The Russian Borscht soup is good and steaming hot! There are tons of fresh vegetables inside: cabbage and carrots. This Borscht does not really resemble any authentic Russian cuisine.. if you been to any Hong Kong Style restaurant you will know what I mean. I think they better off naming it as vegetable soup!

The pasta at least is Al dente. The sauce tastes like something you get from a can, same with the meat balls, some frozen ones you get from the supermarket. I have to give them credit for putting in fresh green/red pepper, mushrooms and onions in the sauce. 

For the price and the environment as a Hong Kong Style Western restaurant I will give 3 stars. But as a Fine restaurant it is a 2 stars.

The service is nice and friendly and prompt!

They accepts all credit cards. Though there are some dinner specials are cash only."
"I have been to Enercare Centre for various trade shows, foodie events and during CNE and always have a great experience.

Washrooms are clean and plentiful! It seems like something trivial but if you been to a beer festival anywhere, that's the first and most important facilities!

Parking is conveniently located just underground. So good during winter as you can leave your winter coat in your vehicles and skip the coat check! 

The exhibition halls are well set up and booths area all well organized. A pleasure to work here as an exhibitors or as an attendee."
"The Almond Croissants ($2.50) at Patisserie Sebastien are quite flaky and have great almond paste filling...

Surprisingly not too sweet... good for me but might not be for some!!

There are quite a good selections of pastries which looks delicious on displays... which I going to wait for my next visit.

Sit down service if you do rather chill out a little..... Cafe Lait anyone?"
"Ajisen Ramen is a great Ramen Joint if you have some cravings for Ramen... great location if you are in the area..and it is opened till Midnight great for a late snack after eating at Izakaya in the area where no matter how much food you ordered, you still be hungry! 

Ajisen Ramen ($5.95)
- Milky Tonkotsu always my preferred Ramen broth based and Ajisen did not disappointed!
- Noodle wise, the straight version ramen was cooked nicely with chewiness Bite I found it A-OK!
- The paper thin Charshu and the small rubbery egg were definitely uninteresting 

Ajisen Spicy Ramen ($7.50)
- Basically is the same ramen as Ajisen Ramen but the waitress gave me some spicy ground pork to put in the broth so I can adjust the level of spiciness
- It does taste better compare to the basic Ramen if you are into spicy!

Kenzo up the street definitely a better choice if you want a better Ramen and they do have complimentary parking.. but they closes early and have more limited hours compare to Ajisen Ramen!!"
"Golden Duke just opened for business yesterday at the corner of McCowan and Hwy 7. 

This location seems to be cursed with 2 really unsuccessful businesses...and will Golden Duke survive??

The interior is quite classy... and the price for dim sum here is not cheap with early bird before 11:00 am at $2.60 and from 11:00 am on at $2.90. 

The selections here is quite standard so we decided to try the following at $2.90

Siu Mui (Steamed Pork Dumplings)
Seafood Spinach dumplings
Chicken Feet
Shrimp Rice Roll
Deep Fried Taro Dumpling
Papaya Custard Cake
Honey Short Ribs ($3.50)

All tasted bland. The shrimps has this really tough texture. I did not like any of them!
The Short Ribs is so dry and chewy... 

I will suggest a pass for their dim sum... go to Elegant Chinese at the same plaza, theirs are way better prepared!!

Maybe they will improve down the road? I am not sure... but for now... MEH!"
"Gui Hua Tang Desserts is set up in a way of more like a self served dessert restaurant. 

You placed your order in the front counter, if your food does not need any preparation, you just carry it to one of the tables on a plastic tray. If you order a steamed egg custard or something need preparation, the cashier will tell you the waiting time and you just pay and wait for the order to be called and you pick up your food.

Yes the service is quick, as I don't have to wave down a waitstaff to place my order and wait for it to be delivered or wait for them to bring me my bill! so great if you are in a hurry!

The Jelly Essence I ordered tasted pretty good.. not too bitter, just need a touch of syrup to make it tasty.

And if you need some water to go with your dessert, it is also self serve.

The menu is more limited to dessert, not like other places that serves a lot of snacks, set lunch or afternoon tea set. However, this is good in a way because Gui Hua Tang can concentrate on what they do the best, Chinese desserts!!

Cash only!"
"Star Tea is just another bubble tea place in Markham. Menu might have more choices for dessert, but I don't see how it will be the one that I would go to if I think of getting a drink or dessert.

双Q奶茶 ($5) Double Q Milk Tea pearl and rainbow jelly with 30% sweetness was just so sweet that I could not even drink that.

I went to the front and ask the girl to put in more tea which she nicely did and redid the top seal for me as if I got another new drink. +0.5 star for service."
"A visit to Penn Brewery is a must if you are a beer lover like me.

A choice of 5 or 10 beer flights! I was tempted to try them all out but unfortunately my travel mates are not beer drinkers... (pop/water drinkers). 

My beer flight ($10) even includes their Okotober Bier... which is one of my fave out of all!

Sausage Platter ($7.95) with hot German potato salad on the side. The sourness of the salad does need to get use to but it is great to balance the meatiness of the sausages.

My next trip for sure will include a Happy Hour stop here at Penn Brewery! $3 for a Pint and 1/2 off appetizer... that's would be such a sweet deal."
"I don't really eat AYCE hot pot! I have not been to a hot place for so long more than 10 years.. and why I am I now writing a review of Made In China Hot Pot??

Made In China Hot Pot becomes a HK style cafe in the morning/afternoon hours. They are open at 7:00 AM everyday serving breakfast! And of course there are lunch specials too... and before they turn themselves back to a hot pot place for the dinner crowd. It does makes more business sense because you still need to pay rent for the whole day even you open at 4 pm and now they can finally generate some income for the 7 AM - 4 pm time slot.

The breakfast here I have to said the quality is pretty good.. above average when compare to other HK style cafe. The Satay Beef Vermicelli has an intense satay flavour that my friend said is A-OK! The well done fried eggs are nicely cooked and even the extra thick toast are great! Milk Tea quality is above average too... 2 Thumbs up!

The service here is fast and friendly. The prices reasonable... BTW, cheap cheap lunch combo from $4.99 with a drink!

I will definitely coming back for more!"
"This is the 2nd location of the popular BB Cafe in North York. I have so much faith in this cafe as I even recommend my friend to visit even before I have a chance to come here.

It is a step up from their Original location. Nicer deco, More spacious and even more seating! 

Get the Persian Black Tea ($3). The presentation and the cute looking cup and teapot really enhanced my experience! 

Get the Rollet ($3.50). My Vanilla Pistachio roll was just so good. 

Get the Saffron and Rosewater Ice Cream ($3.50) to go. Oh so Creamy!

OK, just get everything... they even have a whole cake!

Free wifi access but seems there are not too many electric outlets on the ground floor. 

Free parking behind the building, the entrance is just south of the cafe.

I will be back!"
"I always check out the outdoor exhibit area whenever I am in the area: attending beer festivals, visiting Aquarium or attending events at Toronto Convention Centre.

Looking at and taking photos of the old trains are always fun, especially if you are a railway enthusiast.

There are also an exhibit area indoors but though opens year round, the hours are seasonal with an admission fee.

A good idea to check their opening times before heading over if you really want to get inside the trains as they are fenced off when the museum is closed."
"I have been going to Market Village for ages! I am talking about over 15 years! 

I prefer Market Village over Pacific Mall because I like the layout of the Mall a lot more. There are tons of skylights and the inside is not as crowded! There are not as many shops as Pacific Mall.. however I enjoy eating at Sam's Congee Delight (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/sams-congee-delight-markham), picking up dessert at Yan Woo (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/yan-woo-soya-bean-foods-markham) and do my grocery shopping.  

When I arrive early Sunday afternoon, I never have problem in finding parking spots. Though I will avoid coming here during Statutory holidays when all the other malls are closed! This place can be a ZOO!! Why people have to go walking around a mall during holidays??

BTW, Market Village will be torn down really soon.... and be replaced by a Mega Chinese Mall!"
"I did not pick The One in the Only on purpose to be my last stop for my Indie Coffee Passport run, but it just happened and I am glad that my Passport experience ended in a high note!

The mismatch furnitures and the disco ball surprising goes well together! Those armchairs are just so comfy.. and love the music VS Starbucks' canned music.

Cappuccino A-OK.. and with lovely latte art. Friendly barista made my stay one of the best. 

The One in the Only has the best tea selections I seen... over 20 of little sampling bottles at the cash for you to smell before you decide on what you like. 

The late hours! The bar like vibe! The free wifi! Makes The One in the Only stands out from other coffee shops in the area!"
"This review is for my dinner experience! It was 2 star experience because of the food. The service was 4 star, friendly and attentive but that would not matter if the food not up to standard.

Snow Leaf with Garlic ($12.80)
- The taste was OK and too oily, however the vegetables had not been washed thoroughly!! I almost chipped my teeth biting into some of the sandy bits!

Fish with King Mushroom($14.80)
- Fish has good texture, not soggy. 

Beef with Mushroom and Onion ($12.80)
- The beef was a little cold when served. The mushrooms just tasted so oily like they been soaked in oil!

Complimentary Sago in Coconut dessert was really really bad, just sweetness and nothing else.

I would come back for Dim Sum but definitely NOT for dinner! 

Luckily I used a voucher... and didn't pay full price!"
"Pho Metro maybe the most ""authentic"" Pho joint in the immediate area. 

The menu is really simple. I just wish there are more options. The broth has good depth and wonderful aroma from the herbs used. 

I do wish that the beef of my rare beef pho would have stayed rare when it was served to me. But over all their food is consistent as I had been back for a couple of time since it opened.

Great place in the neighbour for a quick pho fix. And the service is always friendly and fast!

A little on the pricey side, especially for vermicelli bowl for $9.25?! And lunch combination for almost $10."
"AKA-ONI Izakaya is a good addition the restaurant scene at Silver Star Blvd. I would not consider this as an Izakaya but more like a Japanese restaurant.

Sashimi, Sushi, Rolls, Ramen and even Kushi. I like the selection of seasonal fresh fish from Japan. The most surprising dessert was definitely Durian Pudding?! I love the pudding but that was nothing ""Japanese"" about that!

Service is decent. And I would be back if I am in the plaza and want Japanese.

Price is on the pricier side."
"I have this weakness for Prix Fixe Menu... I just could not forgo a good deal. 

I have to say Il Fornaro has the most extensive menu I ever see in an Italian restaurant... There are over 15 main entrees one can choose from including pasta, meat, fish and pizzas.

Prix Fixe Menu ($25)

- Baby Arugula Salad (tons of goat cheese)
- Veal Chop (over cooked and dry but with tons of veggie on the side)
- Tiramisu (creamy and tasty)

and 

- Caesar Salad (fresh and crispy with the right amount of dressing)
- Linguine Pescatore (tons of seafood, huge scallops!!!)
- Chocolate Cake (meh...skip!!)

A good value for $25, but without the prix fixe then this place would definitely be a 2 star.

Services was efficient but cold. We got all our food fast and hot... but no one really care to come to ask us if everything is ok? The waiter just left the bill on our table when he served us the dessert... that 's really odd in a restaurant.... we felt like he was trying to get rid of us?!

Il Fornaro serves OK food at a great price point but I don't know if I would come back because the services here just not what I expected...."
"Locomotive is nice neighbourhood coffee shop! A great place to chill out with your friends or alone.

I tried their cappuccino and espresso which were both well made using Rufino beans roasted at Classic Gourmet Coffee in Vaughan.

I cannot comment on the baked good or food, I will definitely try some of their offerings: Brownie!!"
"Stouffville Hyundai is one of the better Hyundai's dealerships I visited in my recent car shopping experience.

The sale representative, Dino, I dealt with is professional and patient. I never feel pressured to make an offer until I am ready.

Shopping for a car can be enjoyable if one works with someone honest and willing to work out a deal for either a new and preowned vehicle.

I would definitely recommend this dealership if you looking for a Hyundai!

PS love the Starbucks machine in the waiting area!"
"One type of Chinese soup that is tasty and has great health benefit is ""Double Boiling"" Soup 燉湯 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_steaming

This method takes hours in cooking time though not hard to prepare at home but Souperfoods has so many choices and each soup has their special health benefit that will help to nurture your body based on your need and the weather.

Ask the staff for recommendation if you are not sure what to get. All soups starts from $6.99 and I know my Yelp friend really wanted to try the Nourishing Abalone Chicken Stew ($11.99)!

They also have Rice dish and daily special and even desserts using the double boiled method.

Cash Only!"
"Parkway Mall is an A-OK neighbourhood mall. Everything that local residents need for their everyday life 

My Check List: 
- Banks: TD, CIBC, Scotia 
- Grocery: Metro 
- Coffee: Tim Horton, Second Cup 
- Library!! 
- Health: Dentist, Doctor, Massage Therapy 
- Beauty: Nails, Hair Salon 

BTW, Parkway Mall does have a Credit Counselor..but if one going to hang out at Parkway Mall, I don't think they need that? There are no where you can really blow $300 on a pair of shoes or $2000 on a bag? 

Not surprising on a rainy day, a lot of seniors used Parkway Mall as a hang out.. They don't have Starbucks but Second Cup is not bad if they want to order a cappuccino?"
"I like Si Espresso Bar!

Small and cozy space. Friendly owner and me having conservation why we prefer to drink in a mug!

Cappuccino was A-OK! 

Good Neighbourhood coffee shop!! Great Indie coffee passport stop!"
"1.5 star

No dim sum? Seriously? The ad in the newspaper for Fu Kou Le scream dim sum special till 4 pm. 

Lunch Special items for congee, noodle and rice. 

New and really unorganized. Got our order wrong and asked if we want to just take the wrong item instead?

Lobster Congee ($10.99) and Homestyle fried noodles ($6.50) both sub par.

Congee was really watery with no flavour and where's the ginger? Noodle with zero fresh off the wok flavour?

I doubt I will be back for dinner...."
"Coffee Shop during the day and Restaurant in the evening.

Dropped by Cafe Sardine for a hangover coffee.... The lighting is perfect as it was dark and dim.

Donuts I found them decent, didn't wow me.

Cappuccino was fine..  but I had better.

Cafe Sardine was A-OK.. but doesn't really worth a special trip just to come for their coffee and donuts... but the evening experience might be totally different!

Sadly Cafe Sardine had closed the week after I visit..."
"I almost missed Coco Cake Co!! It is a little shop behind Massey's and you won't see it when you driving along Liverpool Road...

Open Kitchen concept.. with chic deco... really a takeout place, so there are not seatings....

There were couple of  different flavours when I dropped in on this Thursday afternoon: Vanilla, Double Chocolate, Coconut, Cookies 'n Cream and

Chocolate Mango ($2.50)
- The base itself is moist and rich... and I can see real bits of dark chocolate inside
- The light mango frosting has just the right sweetness....

I should have get all the flavours...and I think I can eat 6 of those in one seating with NO problem!!"
"Tenon Vegetarian Cuisine is not a bad choice if you dine with your vegetarian friends... 

There are a great selections of Japanese, Chinese and Thai items on the menu to choose from, hopeful you will find something that everyone will enjoy.
 
But if you are dining alone or you just not into sharing, at least they have Bento boxes you can choose from.

My Bento Box B ($11.99) comes with:
- Miso Soup: serves lurk warm.. meh
- Seaweed Salad: quite standard supermarket quality
- Vegetables Tempura: batter is light, maybe too light and they are all super oily
- California Roll: quite good, taste wise compatible to the non vegetarian version
- Beef Teriyaki: great presentation.. they do looks like beef.. :) 

For $11.99 as a non vegetarian, I could have get the ""real"" beef teriyaki and it probably taste better? But Tenon is a great place to dine with fellow vegetarians... 

15% Specials so at least I am not paying full price. Lunch Specials till 3 pm but no extra discount...

What?!! My friend just turns Vegan!!!"
"BB Cafe is one of the numerous Persian cafe in the area, but it is definitely one of the best one for set up.

Airy, clean and with comfortable seating if you do decide to stay in for a cup of tea.

A pot of tea ($2.49) on kept warm by a tea candle and a piece of Neapolitan custard cake ($3.99) is perfect combination for a leisure afternoon tea experience!

There are numerous other pastries on display which I wish they have descriptions and prices on them. Especially good for customers like me that are not really sure which is which!

If you are not into pastry, there is also Saffron ice cream and Faloodeh to choose from or you can even order both of them just like my friend did!

Service is excellent and friendly. Just order at the counter and have a seat and your yummy dessert would be delivered to your table!"
"1.5 star

Amazing Thai is not that amazing.

On a Saturday evening, I walked into an empty restaurant.. No one else but me.. eating alone.

Menu has a mixture of Cantonese and Thai. That's never too promising, not because Chinese cannot make good Thai food but just Amazing Thai is kind of what Chinese thinks Thai food should be...

Chiang Mai Fried Noodle ($9.95) which I ordered extra spicy has no spiciness at all... sad that fresh chili was not used to spice up the dish just like in Thailand. But this is a dry curry based fried yellow noodle.. never had that before, not even in Chiang Mai?! The use of basil to add taste though was a good touch.

General Tao Chicken, Black Bean Chicken, Chicken Chop Suey, Young Chow Fried Rice...are all in the menu..I don't feel good about this place...... Maybe this is suppose to be Fusion? 

Lunch Specials $6.95 till 4 pm... Deco is really simple.. the walls reallly need some decorations to warm the place up and not feel as cold and bland.

I suggest a pass...

What an irony that Amazing Thai is in the same plaza as an Adult Video store and a sketchy Wings place where people drinks and plays pool more than eating chicken wings..."
"My review is based on my experience for Summerlicious 2012.

Maybe just the food I ordered? My Vegetarian Date was really happy and enjoyed her meal while I was totally disappointed!

Dinner for $25 definitely not a bad price for a 3 course meal, I ordered:

Appetizer: Porchetta
- One of the driest pork I ever ate... Overcooked? Even hurt my mouth when I was chewing on it
- Polenta on the side was pretty good though

Main: Linguine alla Pescatora 
- seafood was not fresh and the tomato sauce was bland
- I forced myself to eat half of it, while my date wondering what's wrong?! (I wish she can try some of those chewy seafood!)

Desert: Tiramisu
- Best part of the meal
- great liquors flavour, soft and rich....

I don't think I would come back to La Bruschettta with all these Italian restaurants all around the GTA.... 

Service though is really good, but not enough to make up for the food!"
"Planet Organic Market at Port Credit seems like the only location in Ontario. 

Great selections of organic products..not limited to just grocery, food products and a lot of natural health care and living products.

Prices does reflects the higher cost of being substainable, natural and organic but for some customers that really worth the cost.

They also have free cooking classes and seminars promoting healthy living that is great for the local community!"
"Liquid dessert! 

My friend really have problem to pick 1 out of the 55 different milkshakes combinations! 

Ended up sadly she picked Chocolate Blueberry, not the most interesting of all.. but the texture of the milkshake is surprisingly light but though really sweet!

The Milk Shake Factory does get really busy... lines forming on a Tuesday late evening?! But still plenty of seating if you do prefer to stay in!"
"I would not come to this particular Cineplex just to watch a movie. No.. No way! No even if the movie is free. (Amex seems do be doing a lot of their free screening at this location a lot lately!)

Parking is horrible even on a weekday afternoon. Maybe I need to go to the multi level parking lot  and see if parking situation is better? I can't imagine how it is on a weekend or evening. I would not like to find out.

I was there 30 minute before show time and they said the theatre not ready?! I could not get in until 10 minute before posted show time. I don't know if this is normal, but definitely not what I experienced in other Cineplex locations.

Will be a pass unless I am shopping at Yorkdale? I don't know I can afford that?! or I am eating at one of the restaurants or food court area?"
"3.5 Stars

I never expect Lee Chen Asian Diner to be that good!

I was a little skeptic when I saw the menu. I thought Lee Chen is a restaurant that specializes in Northern Chinse cuisine, but Pad Thai? Teriyaki? Curry?

The decor is really chic and has a lot of Chinese styled furnitures. 

I was greeted warmy by the staffs and sitted at the booth.

I want to drink some hot tea which is usually complimentary in ""Chinese"" restaurants and usually served automatically but here teas are $1.99. 

Jasmine Tea ($1.99) 
- it was  served as a tea bag I got from T&T in a saucer cup... I wish it is loose leaf tea, no such luck!

Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($8.99)
- the braised beef was so tender and flavoured. especially the tendons has this rich butter texture
- the noodles was chewy and soft at the same time, with a great bite 
- apparently, the noodle though not made in house, but was made to order with a special recipe from the noodle factory
- The broth was quite good, but not spicy at all... chilli sauce on the table fixed that problem!

I was almost ready to leave then suddenly I have a craving for something sweet. The dessert choice here was diisappointing lacking! The waiter suggested:

Black Sesame filled Balls in Sweet Wine Soup ($5.49)
- a little over cooked as the filling was leaking when I tried eating them
- the sweet wine though smell good, but just too carb heavy for my taste

Free WIFI just ask for the password!

Waitstaffs needs a lot of training! Hopefully the next time I drop by to try out some dumplings, everything would be running smoothly!"
"By providing free wifi access for all visitors without the need of a library card or guest pass, that is worth an extra 1 star!!"
"My Yelp friend would hardly takes me crawling  to high end restaurants, unless we are having dinner with our guests of honour...

Our guest of Honour requested to have Peking Roasted Duck and my Yelp friend gave me a list of classy/plushyrestaurants to choose from and I ended up picking Dragon Boat Fusion Cuisine.  

Peking Roasted Duck was A-OK... 

Skin was crispy and light.. I didn't feel guilty at all enjoy them! The pancake wrap was a little disappointing though, a little heavy and doughy for my taste. 

The diced duck meat with lettuce wrap was excellent!! I love those crispy noodles that was sprinkled in.. gave the dish an interesting texture! Soft and crunchy at the same time! 

Eggplant with minced pork in hot pot was not bad either... I have better but as long as my guests enjoying that, I am happy! 

Service was lukewarm...as we were not ordering a lot of food or the expensive set abalone or shark fin meals... 

BTW, the red bean soup dessert was excellent!! Tasty, tons of red bean and great texture! 

Now, if I can convince my Yelp Friend to come with me for dim sum?? Maybe I need to find more guest of honours especially pretty and single ones..."
"4 Star for IKEA retail sections

- I just love browsing around IKEA, always give me new ideas
- love to sit on the comfy showroom sofas.. yes I laid on the bed occasionally too.. 
- Marketplace always have affordable kitchen wares and just little things around the house that ended up buying!

2 Star for IKEA's food

- I know they are cheap! 
$2.99 for Swedish meatballs with side
$2 for 2 hot dogs with free drink refills
$0.99 for pasta in tomato sauce
$1 for cinnamon bun with coffee
$1 for frozen Yogurt

- I look at the cinnamon buns and  I know I cannot eat that even if they are free
- A lot of leftover Swedish meatballs left on people's plates that never finished as I walked around the cafe
- I ended up having the hot dog combo which was not too bad...great for a snack!

I will stick with home decor and furniture shopping in IKEA and will have to pass on the food!"
"Matsu Japanese and Thai restaurant has a similar vibe as Spring Rolls. 

Nicely decorated with dim lighting, rich dark wood theme and comfy booth seats... Great to have a nice romantic date here... you may find Love but if you are looking for good food like me... then you will be disappointed. 

Good selections of Lunch Specials items includes Japanese and Thai varieties. My choice of this afternoon was: 

Shrimp and Vegetables Tempura Bento Box ($9.95) 
- Salad was quite good.. like a spring mix compare to just lettuce at some other restaurants I been to 
- 3 pieces each of California Roll and Avocado/Salmon Roll.. Shari rice lack the taste and avocado turning grayish.... 
- Tempura not bad with a nice mix of veggie... though the batter a little on the heavy side 

Personally I don't think Thai and Japanese cuisines are good compliment of each other... The strong Thai flavour (spiciness and sourness) would be overwhelming... compare to the subtle Japanese flavour. 

What I found ended up just like other ""Fusion"" restaurants, everything just turned out to be Meh.... 

BTW, green tea is NOT free! $1.75 each...just FYI!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"Green Grotto Tea Room that recently opened in this new location is quite nice. 

There's a lot of parking options here, though the surface parking lot can be quite busy, the underground one always have tons of space. The old location that shares the same parking lot as T&T can be a nightmare sometime!

Seating though might be a little less and not every table has access to electric outlets, so make sure you have somewhere to plug in before you settle down. 

Wait staffs are really nice. Keep checking on me if I need more popcorn.... as I always need more!

Whole wall full of current pop/fashion magazines for the people that rather to chill out by flipping through girl magazines than on their laptops!

3 hour limit. But I doubt you can stay for that long as the wooden chairs can get uncomfortable.

Of course, Free Wifi!!

Add $1 and supersize your drinks for the best value!"
"Newest Chatime in Markham opened up inside the same complex as Cineplex Markham. A welcome addition for the area.

Ample parking underground. Seating seems to be more than other locations. Love the huge Windows that let in plenty of natural light.

Service is fast and efficient. Cash only for the time being as the system haven't set up as yet.

Grass Jello Roasted Milk Tea as usual. The drink was ok just has less grass jello than other location.

Sad...."
"3.5 Star

The storekeeper here at Marie is really friendly, she offered me a sample of some tea while I was browsing the store. 

Here you will find good selection of tea and tea wares. And even chocolate that has tea flavour! I ended up picking up a bar of Milk Chocolate with Green Tea & Jasmin from Morocco!

There is a few tables that you can order a cup of tea to enjoy.

Good for anyone that are into tea or a place to pick up a gift for any tea lovers!"
"I definitely would avoid this Green Grotto from now on, especially in the evening.

Services was really bad as there was only 1 waitress working. She never check on us or offered us refill on our popcorn.

The tables at the back definitely are cramped together and I would suggest not to sit at the back right next to the washroom. The sofa/lounge looks a lot more comfy.

Drinks were still quite good. But the noise level here is definitely high even on a weekday because of the acoustic."
"Ontario Spring Water Sake Company is a sake brewery in Toronto brewing using water from Northern Ontario.... 

Love the concept! Love the location! Love the set up! I just love the whole idea... 

The staffs are all really nice and patient and explained each of the sake we tasting and how it was made... It was really enjoyable and I suggest the Tasting Flight ($10) if you are not too familiar with sake. 

Even for non drinkers, OSWSC has something for everyone! Sake Kasu was used to make marinade, salad dressing and even desserts! I was all excited when I saw they have Goma ice cream when I saw the sign.. but unfortunately it was all sold out!!! 

I need to come back to try the Goma....."
"HATE or LOVE?

When it first installed back in 2007, I kind of hated it. They kind of looking out of place and kind of an eye sore.

Now after 10 years, I kind of get used to it and still go wow whenever I walking or driving past the ROM.

LOVE"
"I like how Fresh Burger is keeping everything simple and try to do one thing really well..

Burger!

I love how my freshly grind daily in store from AAA Sirloin burger was cooked perfectly. Cooked through with no pink but still juicy and moist inside. The bun was nothing fancy, but the toppings were all fresh and I can tell that my burger was cooked to order with care!

$7.99 combo includes Hamburger with Cheese, Fries and Pop, which is really reasonable. 

The fries though was freshly cut but was a little over cooked. 

Give Fresh Burger a try if you are in the area. A small owner/chef burger joint that still passionate about the food they serves!"
"This review is based on their Lobster and Prime Set Dinner Special for $14.99 on Thursdays.

I don't usually eat at Casino's restaurants but this seems to be a good deal as I love lobster tails. Getting a table can be difficult and time consuming as everyone in the area seems to come here for this deal. 

Pro-Tip: Either come super early or really late (after 9:30 pm). The hostess would advice you if there's still availability when you check in and pick up your buzzer. Make sure you do have your membership card ready as each diner has to have their own in order to qualify for the specials.

For $14.99, I have no complaints. The lobster tails were sizable and fresh. The prime rib was tender and juicy even without any gravy. And for a complete dinner with salad and dessert?? 

Would I be back?? I am not sure because we did end up waiting for 90 minutes or so (after you picked up your buzzer, you can just go feed the slots while waiting)"
"Maryvale Public Library is located inside Parkway Mall. 

As most of the libraries located in malls, the collections are quite small. 

Most of the patrons just like me trying to utilize their WIFI access... so not easy to find seatings with electric outlets. And if you are here trying to ""study""... definitely not recommended as there are no private cubicles. 

If you are shopping Parkway Mall, then come to Maryvale.. but doesn't really worth making a special trip here!"
"Every town have their own favourite burger joint.. Markham has Tom's Burger, Thornhill has Golden Star, Scarborough has Johnny's. Aurora has T C's!! 

T C's Fish & Burgers has all you hope for at a greasy spoon: burger, hot dogs, chicken wings, fish and chips, souvlaki. 

Though this place is more like a takeout joint but do have ample seatings if you do want to stay in! But all the food are served in paper plates with plastic utensils can be hard to cut the fishes. 

4 oz burger/small fries/pop ($5) 
- A great value!! I dare to compare to the Hero Certified Burger I ate last week.. This is so much more taster! The patty is moist and tender and nicely cook with grilled mark! I can see the open flames occasionally from the grill! 
- Nice fresh toppings and have a choice of regular or whole wheat bun 
- Fries are nice and crispy on the outside 

Halibut Fish ($6.50) 
- great tasting and light batter.. crisp and crunchy 
- Halibut Fish did get dry... maybe Haddock will taste better? Since they do offer choice of Haddock which is a little cheaper. 

Nice, friendly atmosphere. Seems like most people that dropped by for quick bite or takeout are regulars.. what a good small town vibe!!"
"Dumpling King is called the Dumpling King for a reason... I should have know!! Why did I order something else but the dumplings??

I was here for lunch around 12pm and this place seems to tailored to big tables.. because all the big tables were filled! There were basically 40 patrons and with 1 waitress serving us all! Now you know I would not get getting any services.. and I will be waiting a long long time for my food to arrive.

The waitress is really cheerful however she is really overwhelmed from being all by herself. 

I order the Cold Noodle in Sweet and Soup Soup and the Braise Beef Pancake. 

Waiting Waiting Waiting..

The Beef Pancake I found is just ok.. The wrappings is too thick and with hardly any beef or green onion. (I am comparing to the one that served at Asian Legends).

Waiting Waiting Waiting.. did they forget my order?

The Cold Noodle... hmmm bad! Some of the Noodles are still hard.. not fully cooked! The soup base is really bland. I prefer the one at Dumpling Village a lot more! Just please don't order it!

Why the charge on the real bill is more than what they said on the menu?? 

Cold Noodle Soup Menu $5.99 VS Actual $6.99
Brasie Beef Menu $4.49 VS Actual $5.29

Maybe they really need to update their menu and the information on their website? Or I just being a sucker??

No Lunch Specials!

Cash Only!"
"This review is based on the cup of tea I had at Iron Rose Tea Gallery. 

I did have a high expectation after reading all these 4 & 5 star reviews. 

The tea selection is 4 star, I like that they have 47 different kind of tea available. You can order by a cup or a pot. There are samples with description of tea/fruit/herb blended available in the front so you can smell each tea before ordering.

My Oolong Peach Tea was served lukewarm and I would have love to have the tea leaves steeping a little longer. I was served with just the finished tea but not the tea leaves/bag itself. My tea was too light to my liking and I could not adjust that.

Afternoon Tea though sounds promising at $15 pp. Really reasonable pricing for this hood and maybe worth trying since most people seems to have a better experience."
"3.5 Star

Deja Vu??

The same fish tanks.. The same deco..The same Korean chef/waitress couple from Tokyo Sushi...

This used to be Tokyo Sushi and now it is Shogun Ramen Japanese Noodle House.

The menu is really limited to 6 different kind of Ramen and that's it... So please make sure you know that's what you want if not you will be disappointed.

Tonkotsu, Miso, Shoyu,Shi-o, Karashi or Woolmen, all priced between $9.95 - $10.95.

Tonkotsu ($9.95)
- The broth is really really tasty! Milky broth is full of flavours and not really salty. Sweet and Savoury at the same time
- Noodles cooked a little too soft and lacking the bite, maybe because they are a little too thin?
- The chasu is the weakest link as the pork though tender but a little dry and taste bland
- Portion is adequate but if you are a big eater, you might fill unfulfilled 

Service is always polite and attentive. 

I definitely will be back to try their Karashi Ramen Level 3!! which is a Spicy Mixed Seafood Ramen......

Shogun Ramen is good as a light meal or a snack with the menu they have now, Give them a try if you are in the Neighbourhood and have cravings for some Ramen.."
"Though this LCBO has no built in Beer cool room or even a tasting bar, but I found this LCBO one of the most fun one to visit.

The Vintage area here is quite huge compares to some of the ones I been to. The fact I enjoy browsing the Vintage area at this location because I love all these little notes that the staff wrote on the quite a few of the selections they recommends :).

There is also a sale area, Buy by the Case Options and good selection of beers..."
"I just could not resist the 2 magic words: Lunch Special!

This time round Win's Seafood Restaurant did a good job and I know I will be back again.

Homemade Fish Ball in Shark Bone Noodle Soup/Crispy Fish Skin and Hong Kong Style Milk Tea .. all these for $4.99!!!!! Those are all the things I love.. Rice Noodle and Fish Balls!! And of course the price too. 

The waitstaff were really nice too... 

I will be back!"
"Burgy's Goldburger Burger Bar can be a mouthful! Just don't ask me to say that 10 times quickly!

Kosher burger? A little taken back by that $6.99 for a basic burger... but is nothing too basic and can get a little complicated when you start ordering!

You would be asked the following questions and have to answer without thinking!!

What Toppings?
What Sauce?
Combo or not?
What Side?
What Drink?

Too many choices were popping up on the screen in front of you! 

I am glad I was not the one that had to make all the decisions! Maybe should just say everything?

How's a kosher burger tasted like? taste like a burger! So it is a plus if you can only eat kosher food!

Next door of Burgy's Goldburger Burger Bar is a Kosher Chinese Takeout place! Kosher Chinese?? I wondering what's the difference!"
"Pho Quinn is the newest additional to a strip plaza that full of Asian Restaurants. This used to be Harvey's and the new business did a wonderful job in transferring the space into a modern and chic sit down restaurant.

The menu here is quite standard including most of the normal Vietnamese items Pho, Bun, Spring Roll.... Nothing too exciting. Great for casual eat. 

Special Pho Small ($7.95) and Summer Roll ($3.95) were both nicely made. The broth has a good herbal aroma and the cut of the meat quite decent and we'll prepared. But if you are hungry, I suggest in getting the large instead. The rice paper summer rolls too were a little tiny with not much filling. I was still a little hungry after finishing both items during lunch. 

Service still a little green but the waitress are nice and smiley. After all they just opened yesterday!

Room for improvement but Pho Quinn is quite promising and can be the best Vietnamese restaurant in the area since there are only 3 others in the neighborhood.

Accepts Interac and Credit Cards,"
"Beef Noodle King seems to be new but feels old. If you have been to Taipei Station, the previous restaurant in the same unit, you will understand what I mean.

With the change of name, the interior deco stays the same. The menu though condensed quite a bit, a great improvement.

The lunch special is really simple, just order any noodle/rice dish, you get a free drink of choice (iced lemon tea, iced/hot tea, coke, sprite).

Beef Noodle Soup ($7.99) served steaming hot! I do enjoyed that and the noodle was cooked al dente with a great bite. But sadly the soup was bland and quite one dimensional. Beef was tender but with just a few pieces. Portion size is small, good for a snack but does have an option of extra vegetables (+$1) and noodles (+1).

There are still quite a few durian items on the menu: ice, soy bean drink, milk drink. I might give it a try next time.

There are quite a few combos for dinner, afternoon tea and all day combo. But $15 for a dinner combo for 1 person? definitely on the pricey side!"
"Bagel Plus is the one of the most sanitary bakery I been in the area. 

All the bagels are inside a glass cabinet, all neatly labelled. You can see exactly what they have for the day but if you want to buy any, the staff have to pack that for you.

The trade off is you cannot really cross examine what you are getting. Especially the sweet and pastries they are all kind of hidden behind some waxed paper.

Most of the baked sweets are sold by weight... and they do have brownies and butter tarts too!

More than half of the store space is dedicated to a sit down cafe. You can get bagels in all style, eggs in different style and salad and other light meals."
"I just have the most expensive Pho in my life at Pho Real.

Seriously, $11.50 for a large which is the size of medium else where? 

But the quality of the ingredients, the care they put in preparing their dish, the taste, the depth of the broth, the texture of the noodles: well worth the price they are charging! The sliced tenderloin was thick and the taste of beef was intense.... 

I though was disappointed with the Grilled Chicken Banh Mi ($8.50). I love the side salad which is a mixed salad with romaine, mango, pickled shallot, cherry tomato and pomegranate. The chicken though was way way too saucy and tasted more like it was deep fried.

Love the dessert selection which includes dessert with french influence and house made durian gelato! Durian Gelato made in house?!! I would just come back to try that!!

And of course I am eyeing the 7 Courses of Beef Menu 2 person for $38 or 3 person for $45. Grilled Fish (rainbow trout) for $18. I guess I need to bring a Yelp friend or 2.

Service and decoration are both pleasant and enjoyable. Definitely a more refine Vietnamese dining experience!

I will be back Pho sure!"
"This studio is NOT with the Passport to Prana Promotion.

Yes this place is hot! I don't really mind the heat... is the smell!!

I love doing hot yoga but the smell of sweat is too overwhelming for me from the carpet...

I don't know how often they steam cleaned it... but yuck!! when you see pools of sweat on the carpet after each class...

With so many studios now popping all over GTA offering hot yoga, there are places that offering better environments and classes."
"Little Saigon just opened for business on Tuesday and having a grand opening special 15% off.

Located in the same plaza as T&T Weldrick, it is hidden right at the corner so most people might not see it unless you are inside the plaza or shopping at T&T.

The menu is quite simple with the usual staples of pho, pho satay, vermicelli and rice. Lunch serves on weekday till 4 pm has both pho ($8.50) and banh mi sandwich on the menu ($8).

My Pho Tai Noodle Soup with Rare Sirloin Beef came with a choice of either spring roll or fresh roll. Beef was really lean and the broth has a nice herbal aroma. Spring roll could have been crisper but I like wrapping a lot.

I probably come back and try their Vietnamese pancake and have durian smoothies next time after I finished my grocery shopping at T&T.

Cash Only! They do have an ATM right inside the restaurant."
"Dine on 3! If more food courts are set up this way, I would have dine in at food courts a lot more.

Love the mix of fast food and sit down restaurants. 

Definitely a to go place for lunch, snack and dinner if you are shopping at Yorkdale Mall. I love Esspressemate Illy!!!!!!!!

But I won't make a special trip just to eat there as the parking can be just ridiculous even on a weekday afternoon............ Stay Stay faraway over the weekend!"
"Indie Passport brought me here again to Holy Oak Cafe. This time cappuccino was on my mine instead of beer.... 

It was quite busy on a Wednesday afternoon full with locals chilling. The atmosphere was really relaxing as most of the patrons were either reading or on their laptop. 

Cappuccino was average. I would just ordering a beer next time............ and my Yelp friend can just keep drinking his coffee!"
"This review is based on Beast version of Happy Hour: Beast120!

Wednesday to Friday from 5-7 pm with drinks and appetizer for $5 and oyster for $1 each! 

We ended up sharing:

- chicken hearts + mole + pickled onions
- quesadilla + chorizo + salsa verde
- house cocktail- beast margarita
- half a dozen of Oyster of the Day: Beach Angel, BC with House Made Beast pepper sauce

Everything was just so tasty! Chicken Hearts and Quesadilla both have really interesting complex flavour.  And the Oysters were just so fresh and sweet....and for a $1 each?! I would order a dozen oyster myself and wash them down with a glass of Cava next time!

Service was excellent as usual. 

The menu changes every week so I definitely would be back again for Beast120!!! Great way to have a drink and a snack before dinner!"
"One day it was Boston Steakhouse, the next time I checked it is Que Ling Vietnamese Cuisine. 2nd location of Que Ling Vietnamese  https://www.yelp.ca/biz/que-ling-restaurant-toronto 

Here you can still find items from Boston including their Sizzling Plates and other Hong Kong Style Cafe stables.

Banh Cuon (steamed rice rolls) ($8) was A-OK. There are not too many restaurants in the area that serves banh cuon made in house. Que Ling House Pho ($8) good in portion size but some of the meat not cooked properly, especially the tendon was still hard and why there was BBQ pork in my pho?!!!

Glad to see that Que Ling opens in this neighbourhood. I will be back for more banh cuon!"
"The Garden Basket has been around as long as remember. 

Back then when there were no Sobeys, No Frills, Longos in the area, this is where all the local residents shops. 

The fresh products, meat and deli departments are still great and fresh. The weakness is their dry goods and staples which are limited in selections and is a little more pricier than No Frills just North of it,

They do carries awesome seasonal garden plants and their flower baskets are the prettiest and with great flower combinations!

The Garden Basket really involves in the local communities by hiring a lot of students and sponsors local event like the Markham Home Show."
"2.5 Star: Soft Opening review as it was just open the day before our visit

This used to be The Crown and Phoenix before it underwent extensive renovation/makeover plus change of management and becomes The Crown Bar and Grill.

The new owners which used to be the employees of the old establishment did a wonderful job in renovating the place from a dark/divey pub into modern and chic looking bar! 

A bunch of us dropped by on the 2nd day of their Grand Opening with no expectation as we were just looking for a place for some beers. They do have $12 pitcher specials during Leaf games on Canadian and Coor Lights which are not my fave but at this price.. we all agreed to share a couple of pitchers!

Service was excellent and our server was really nice and sweet. 

The Crown Bar is not a bad choice if you just want to have some cheap drinks and not too picky.  

Hopefully they will be making more changes to make them different than better than all these pubs up along this area.. Maybe just getting One local crafted beer in would be a nice start?"
"Something is definitely lacking in my experience at V2 Ramen Izakaya.

I know this is not a Japanese ""Izakaya"", it is more like a Chinese idea of how a Izakaya/ramen joint should be. 

Tenderous Rib Ramen in Tonkotsu Soup ($8.50)
- just try not to drink too much of the soup, if not you will be like me, feeling thirsty....really thirsty after
- Tenderous Rib was quite tender, the noodle was cooked al dente with a nice bite, the half egg was a little overcooked...
- That's what I got for $8.50...  I was still hungry after eating that.... maybe I should order some sides? But this is Scarborough, and this is lunch?!

The photos they uploaded on Yelp are the same one as the menu... they just don't look delicious enough for me to come back... seriously house made cuttlefish balls Ramen.. that's just remind me a lot of what I got at Kenny's Delight in the same plaza."
"If you wake up in the middle of the night and you has this Chinese food urge?

If you party till 3 AM and you are drunk and hungry?

Midland Court Restaurant maybe the place for you.

Prices are average, Food are average.. But at 3 AM? What else do you expect?

$14 for a choice of 2 dishes from this huge menu..

The chicken and the beef we got were just off.. too salty, too saucy...too dry... just not too good!

Friendly staffs though... Maybe you can ask for some Cold Tea next time!

I think I rather go to sleep on an empty stomach!

Special thanks to my friend that ate everything as I hate to see food going to waste!"
"Newmarket Public Library really needs an update.

Furniture are dated and even the decoration is so sad and depressing.

The Wifi access is not open and only available to library cardholders so out of towners are out of luck.

Parking is a little tight.. but there are other lots within walking distance if you cannot get a spot right on the premise."
"CMYE: Bloordale Bar Crawl #2

Drink: St Ambrose Apricot Wheat Ale

Holy Oak Cafe reminds me of an old age home... Sorry to have said that!! But Old Age home that serves beer?? That's a good place for retirement for sure!

Old grandma's furnitures, Mismatched chairs and tables, Old piano and some handicrafts and paintings decorating the wall...

Good thing is they serves Coffee and food here.. I don't know why we didn't grab a quick bite here... Maybe My yelp drinking buddy  thinks I am a cheap date.. that's a different story... 

To be Continued...."
"Hot and muggy day! Great to have some Caribbean/West Indies Food that make me feels like I am on one of the Islands dipping in the turquoise ocean...

X Hot! I screamed when I ordered my Goat Roti. How is XHot achieved? not by extra spices but just adding Xhot sauce, maybe I could have done it myself.

Goat was quite tender.. Roti is thin and not too doughy...

Just wish my Cola Champagne is really champagne...

Just wish I am really eating some food on an Island...

Just wish me and my lunch date are both in bathing suit by the pool...

Then he woke me up by making me eat this doughy Beef patty... Just wish my patty is flaky..."
"Thai Basil, Sweet Basil, Thai Basil Kitchen... Sometimes I really confused which one I been to.. which one I hate... which one I would recommend... 

Thai Basil is another new Thai restaurant that opened up right across from Restoran Malaysia, hint if there is a hour line up at Restoran Malaysia maybe you can just hop over and try Thai Basil instead. 

Thai Basil suppose to be a second location from the successful location down at the Annex http://www.yelp.ca/biz/thai-basil-toronto 

Lunch Special starting from $6.95 is from everyday till 5 pm which is great for late lunch. 

If you ask me if the food is authentic Thai... from my few visit to Thailand and my experience of Thai food, I have to say no... 
What is lacking then?? The spice and the herbs and the freshness of Thai cuisine that's what it is lacking... 

Pad Thai with Chicken Lunch Combo ($7.95) 
- Tom Yum Soup that comes with the lunch combo is one of the better one I have in Toronto... thick, with hint of coriander and mushed tomato... tons of chili pepper flakes inside and is really rich in taste... definitely not the water down version or the ones from the supermarket's Tom Yum paste 
- Spring Roll was quite good... has a lot of flavours and nice and crispy 
- Pad Thai, on the other hand, was not up to par. Too much sauce makes it really soggy and oily... and it is not as good as the photos definitely not as good! The taste is really one dimension and on the salty side. The Chicken though is white meat was tough and dry... 

Services was not too bad...efficient but you have the feeling that the waitresses wish they are somewhere else.. somewhere nice and warm where people bring them drinks instead of the other way around! 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"My first experience of Yerba Mate with my dear friend was sentimental and pleasant! 

Drinking mate ""is a symbol of hospitality. As the mate gourd is passed around, a sense of connection emerges."" I just love the idea how it is shared with friends and like a little ritual and has certain type of symbolism. 

Aside from that Mate (""the drink of God"" ) does have a lot of health benefits and loads with Antioxidants. 

The taste remind me of the turtle herbal jello I usually eat in Chinese dessert place. Bitter but with a sweet undertone.. even without sweetener. However, mate definitely tastes a lot grassier... a taste that have to get use of. 

The barista here was super nice, showing us how to perform the ""Mate Gourd Ceremony"". The services was a little slow though, since she was the only one working there! 

I will definitely be back to El Almacen Yerba Mate Cafe to chill out with my friends!!"
"I was sent to La Cascina by my Yelp Friend! 

Happy Hour: drinks for $10 with complimentary Italian appetizer! 

Rustic Abruzzo food: meat and seafood based since Abruzzo is located in South Central Italy with mountain and by the coast. 

Nothing rustic about La Cascina decor! Love the dark wooden and blue theme. The decor is quite chic and I was welcomed with open arms. The restaurant is small, cosy and the services are attentive and friendly.

Bar stools are cushioned with padding and are quite comfy as I enjoying my aperitivo by sipping my white wine and enjoying my snacks. 

The little plate includes cheese, beans, peas, sausages and rice ball. After the savoury item, my friendly waitress presented me with Salame di Cioccolato which is a traditional Italian holiday treat. The lady that made the sweet was sitting right next to me and I have to tell her that it was the best part of my Happy Hour!! 

I really like the concept of having a daily menu as it is depends on what kind of fresh meat/veggie/fish they get from their suppliers. Some of their ingredients are shipped directly from Italy too! Price point wise a main is around $20 which is reasonably priced. 

I can't wait to go back and try out some of their home made Italian comfort food...... Hopefully soon!!"
"I was expecting having a seafood feast at Captain's Catch. But fresh seafood selection is quite limited. 

We ended up ordering:

鎮江糖醋排骨 ($12.99) Fried Spare ribs in Chinkiang Style - too fatty, 50% of the ribs were fat!

美極虎蝦 ($14.99) Tiger Shrimps in Maggi Sauce - Really tasty and shrimps were well prepared!

蒜末蒸生蚝 ($ 5.99 each) Steamed Oysters in Minced Garlic - at $6 a piece, we got 1 big one which was double the size of the other one?! Taste was good but I don't think I will order that again!

I would not consider Captain's Catch is a real ""seafood"" restaurant but a standard Cantonese restaurant. The dish can be a hit or miss. Service is quite attentive and I do like the booth seating and there are quite a few tables available for smaller group.

They do accept credit cards! A pleasant surprise!"
"Chatime's Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jelly 50% sweet and Less Ice now become my drink to order whenever I visit Chatime.

I would never wait more than 15 minute for a BBT doesn't matter how good it would taste... So with that as a guideline. I gave Chatime RH a 3.5 star.

No one was lining up and I was the only one that was there trying to get my drink. I got in and out in 5 minute! I don't mind coming back again if I have a BBT's craving. But at $5.31 tax in for a large, it won't be that often!"
"2.5 stars 

I don't think I am ready to be a Chinese Royalty or Chinese Empress as yet. As I read this article that was framed on the wall in this small 2 table restaurant about these Royal cuisine. (http://www.thestar.com/living/article/551141) 

The prices here are so reasonable! 

The Herbal Beef Noodle ($4.99) has really tender and melt in your mouth beef brisket and the noodle though is store bought has a nice chewy bite to it. There is this really strong herbal/medicine taste in the beef.. probably those are slow cook in the strong herbal broth. However, the soup based is so oily and salty! There is this oil layer formed on top of the soup after we finished eating that.. (How can something that is good for you be so salty and oily??) 

The Royal Herbal Chicken with rice ($4.99) is huge too. It has half of the chicken. The chicken is the smaller version, think spring chicken. The chicken does taste ok. Though the white meat is a little tough since it was supposed to be deep fried in vegetable oil first then simmered in the 28 different ingredients for 1 hour. There is plentiful of rice at least 2 bowls and the sauce that the chicken was cooked in give the rice a little bit of the herbal taste. 

BTW, in order for these Royal Medical cuisine to regulate your body and cure it in anyway, you will have to be eating these at least once a week for months..... hmmm I don't know if I can handle that!! 

Our server, cashier and the cook is really nice and friendly. An excellent place to practice your Mandarin!! 

They accepts Cash only!"
"I just love hanging out in libraries, especially when they are modern and new! The newly renovated Markham Village Branch is triple its original size...they almost torn down the original and rebuilt it from scratch...

Everything is so new here... so spacious... with 12 feet high ceilings, large floor to ceiling windows... it is really good place to chill or even take a nap at one of their individual comfy armchair...

Of course free WIFI access... good reliable and high speed and you never even get logged out ... and numerous outlets...

And you can bring in a coffee/water/pop or whatever and you don't need to buy anything... and no one will give you mean looks even if you park yourself here for hours.. (uploading photos to yelp or writing reviews) Yes I am writing my 800th yelp reviews right now!

Oh almost forget they do have good selections of books and DVD... I have not buy a copy of books for years.. I either put a hold and reserve them online for later pick up or I will just grab some good interesting read off the shelves...
Not only I saved money and so much more environmentally friendly too..

Of course during school year, there will be a lot of high school students hanging out studying in groups... that do bring back memories......"
"Carpano used to be Negroni is closed!

http://www.postcity.com/Eat-Shop-Do/Eat/November-2011/Carpano-better-known-as-Negroni-has-closed-sold-to-new-restaurateurs/"
"McEwan Gourmet Grocery Store for sure is a nice place to browse around! 

Love to see those Aisles of sauces, dressings and condiments that I don't see in the supermarkets I visited! I just wondering if buy McEwan's sauces and marinade would my food be gourmet too?? 

Everything is a little pricier than what I used to! I ended up buying 2 bags of ""gourmet"" popcorn that my supermarkets does not carry.

McEwan will not be my usual grocery stores.. at least for now.. until I have unlimited budget to spend on anything and everything! But for sure I would like to browse and pick up little treats here and there for the special occasions!"
"BOGO is a great deal! As I am really doubtful if I would be paying $12.99 for a mini hotpot with hardly anything in it.

If you are a big eater, going for Moral Village all you can eat option might be better off. I can personally finish 2 orders by myself with no problem. 

I do love the concept and their spicy soup bases: Even their 2 chili Signature Spicy Soup Base might be a little too spicy for some but they do have option to make it less spicy or salty. The vegetables and sides were clean and fresh! The meat (Angus Beef/New Zealand Spring Lamb) was sliced really thinly. 

We ended up order some extra items: Napa Cabbage, Bean Curd Skin and Chaozhou Stuffed Fishball (3 balls/$1.50) but the portion is small. 

Most staff speaks Mandarin/English but the most helpful staff speaks Cantonese/Mandarin/English and he is amazing!"
"Coming back to Kula Yoga for a revisit using my Passport to Prana ... and I am still a FAN!

Now Kula Yoga's website does allow you to reserve a spot in one of the more popular classes, so you won't be disappointed. But as a Passport user, this is not an option but at least I can check if my favourite restorative class is full or not.

Sunday 3:00 class has 4 spaces left when I checked online at 2 pm. So me and my friend got there by 2:30 and secluded 2 spots. This class is now a Reiki Restorative. Basically it is still a restorative class but there is a little Reiki treatment while you laid there in your poses.

Love the class since I was just laying down with my eye pillow for almost the whole 90 minutes... there are 3 staffs to a ratio of 17 students that help us with adjustment and made sure that we are laying there correctly... SWEET! 

Love the instructor playing the harmonica and singing at the end of the class... that is really calming and different...

Sigh... it was so heavenly and peaceful... OMMMMMMMMM"
"3.5 Star

If you want to train your taste buds to be ready for all those CMYE spicy wings challenge, looks no further!

If you can eat and finished the Hot version and even down the broth, you are ready for anything!

A1 Potato Noodle in Soup ($5.99) with the choice of mild, medium and hot level of spiciness, I decide on the hottest one. 

I was not disappointed.

It brought tears in my eyes as I slurped down my noodles.... The potato noodle itself was chewy, slippery and a lot less doughy than the regular ones. The broth is interesting enough as it was seasoned with sesame seed and a lot of coriander. Shredded wood ear fungus and bean curd added extra texture.

Luckily, I was alone... as I drying my eyes and I know I will be back for all these different version of potato noodle soup! Sliced Lamb Noodle extra spicy please!

You can find Potato Noodle Soup of Bai inside the Heritage Centre of Pacific Mall. 

Don't worry, there is a complimentary herbal drink that comes with all the noodles, you will need it!"
"New Smokeless Joe is located on College just West of Bathurst which I found it much better than their old John Street location. 

Still the great staff and the great beers selections as the old location and even have more on taps!!! 

For the time being, only the main floor is opened but they opening up the upper level soon and by next patio season roll in their backyard patio will be up and running too!!

My order of Belgian Style Mussels ($15) was great to go with my beer. The bartender was really helpful in helping my Yelp Drinking Buddy to find the beer that he enjoyed.

Now with the full kitchen in this location, they are able to expand their food menu too.. 

BTW, kitchen closes at 12 and earlier but you can always order some raw oysters."
"L'S Chinese Eatery is a good addition in the neighbourhood. 

The deco is simple but clean. The menu has a mixture of Cantonese, Hakka and even some Asian Fusion choices (Thai? Japanese Udon?)

Dropped by here for a late lunch and I was the only customer there. What's good to eat? The server suggested the Chili Chicken Rice on a Dish ($7.50) as L'S chef suppose to be good in preparing Hakka dishes...

This is definitely not the usual Chili Chicken I used to. The sauce here is not as oily, dense but light with a lemon undertone. The battered white meat is a little dry though.

Portion is huge here. I have to pack half to go for lunch tomorrow.... 

The service here is really family casual. 

Grand Opening Special 15% off till end of April."
"3.5 stars

After having a great experience at Crown Princess Fine Dining (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/crown-princess-fine-dining-toronto#hrid:gj4vgAMbe7tv97-QKvUatA/src:self), I decide to give the sister restaurant Crown Prince Fine Dining a try. 

The good thing about coming here is that it is in Scarborough and have free parkings and it is in my hood. They too offer that Early Bird Specials $2.80 for (S/M/L) if you place your order before 11 AM. 

When comparing to Princess VS Prince: 

- Better Services the staffs are much efficient, polite at the Prince Attentiveness: Princess is much better, the reasons is there are so many managers working on the floor to ensure good services 
- Food presentation : Princess dim sum is a lot better presented. 
- Taste wise: they are around the same 

Crown Prince I guess since it is located in Scarborough... it becomes just another Chinese restaurants. The customers are mainly Chinese in the area.. ok maybe we are used to more crappy services. 

Crown Princess down at Bay/Charles near Yorkville attracts more non Chinese, Businessmen in the area... they do really step up for their services. 

If I really want to impress my out of town friends, I am going to drive all the way to downtown to Crown Princess instead of coming here!

We came on a Thursday morning and it is a full house, can't imagine how it is on the weekend!

BTW, I will never never come here if it is NOT an early bird specials!

* Durian Puff Pastry is the BEST I have yet! It is so Stinky Smelly!! Creamy in texture and just taste like eating the Real thing!"
"Redline Coffee and Espresso Bar is located near Queen and Parliament which is out of the way for me. 

Maybe I should go for the double shots of espresso as the friendly barista suggested.... but I was wired as it is and don't  want to be more caffeinated before my yoga class!

Cappuccino was on the mellow side and taste more like a latte.

The vibe here is definitely more laid back and casual. It was in fact really quiet on a Sunday afternoon.

Great Indie Passport Coffee shop! Free unsecured WIFI!

The washroom in the basement, which I would avoid in the future is clean but has this really bad smell."
"Great Location at Bay just North of Bloor.

I love the concept of pick your own or you can go for their custom suggestions. Nothing beats a freshly baked pizza right out for the oven.

Minimum seating so don't come with a big group. A group of 4 probably the max.

At $13 it might sound like a bit for a pizza, but this is the prime downtown location so I do expect to pay a premium.

The hardest though is to make all these decisions! Base, Sauce, Cheese and So many toppings to choose from."
"Perfect Chinese Restaurant has been around for ages, even decades! 

It is far from Perfect but as a 24 hour business it does survive because where can you get some Chinese food in the middle of the night in Scarborough? But... for sure Perfect will not be the place for me... can I say I rather going to bed on my empty stomach? 

Prices here for dim sum is dirt cheap $1.50 for all sizes All Day weekday and weekends are $1.80. The specials are from 7 AM, great if you have to work early.. 

I don't expect much services in cheap Chinese restaurant. I can live with servers throwing things on our tables. I can stand the plastic table cover where all my plates are sliding everywhere. I can understand that the quality of food will not be as good with the price they are charging! What I cannot stand is lukewarm to room temperature dim sum! 

Shrimp Rice Roll - not only cold, the shrimps inside was like hard. 
Pan Fried Turnip Cake - cold and oily. 
Chicken Feet - lukewarm 
Siu Mai - lukewarm 
Har Gor- The only one that is tasty and hot 

Now I am more than happy to pay more at other dim sum places at least I know my food is hot and steamy.. and I can even complain to the manager if they are not up to par...

1.5 stars with 1 star goes to the fact they are open 24/7"
"2.5 Stars

I won't suggest you to come here for a quick lunch or a in a rush...

Since Sheriff Broaster Chicken are cooked when ordered, the chicken here are fresh and juicy... But the wait time is over 20 minutes! 

The family here though is really nice, but please tell the truth! Asking me can I wait 10 minute for my chicken is just so deceiving.

I though feel a lot better when I stuffing the fresh juicy chicken in my mouth... but since I am running late, I could not really enjoy that!

The website says the chicken is marinated for 12 hours but I just don't take the marination... The chicken under the spicy batter tastes more like poached chicken. Definitely a much healthier version, but may not satisfy one urges for something sinful and greasy.

Daily Specials of $2.99 for 2 piece with fries.. 

P.S. wish my fries are made to order too, they are just a little cold...."
"3.5 Star 

A welcome replacement for Alice Fazzolis. Revamped menu and a new group of energetic staff with the similar decoration.

I had been to the other Scaddabush locations: Mississauaga and Downtown, so the experience was as expected. Good Food and Good Service.

Love the freshly made pasta and the food all reasonably priced.

Highly recommend for a casual meal with a group of friends!"
"Sam James Coffee Bar is one of the my favourite Indie Coffee Joint and this location does not disappoint.

For me, the important is how good is the coffee. Not if the place has wifi or tons of seatings. If that is what you looking for, then move on to Dark Horse down the street.

This SJCB though spacious but set up more like a takeout joint. You can have your coffee to stay in the proper coffeeware, which I would suggest. I personally don't really like drinking from paper cup.

Cappuccino and Macchiato both to point and has great crema. 

This location also share the same storefront as Stussy."
"Annex is so lucky to have a 24/7 grocery store like Bloor Superfresh! 

Though there is a Metro just couple of minutes away but the product brands they are carrying are quite different from what Bloor Superfresh carries! 

Prices wise they are quite comparable but of course bigger grocery stores does have specials all the time! 

All the veggies here are fresh and nicely displayed. 

So if you have some cravings for health/organic food in the middle of the night or in fact anytime, Bloor Superfresh is the place to be!"
"This is a brand new Panera Bread location just open up 2 months ago.

I was here on a snowy Tuesday evening for a quick bite just before catching a movie across the street. It was not busy at all compared to other Panera Bread locations I have been to.

The cashier was quite patience as I tried to decide what I want to order as I always get a little over whelmed with the selection! 

Spinach Power Salad with Ham and Cheese Sandwich tasted A-OK! And I even got a free Birthday Pastry with my reward card!

The interior is clean and spacious. I think I would be back to use their wifi next time I am in the neighbourhood."
"3.5 Star

Soup - 4 Star
Rice Dish - 2.5 Star
Service - 3 star

Back again tonight for dinner so to try out the Main Dish with their Grand Opening 30% off.

We ordered 2 dish and the Steamed Meat Patty was disappointing as it was not freshly made and dry. I recommend to stick with the made when order stir fried items instead. Differently pricey for $8.99 if regular price. I doubt I would order any rice dish again.

Soup on the other hand was still excellent, which I still enjoyed a lot.

If paying full price, a soup + rice dish with tax and tips would be $20! That is just a little too rich for me. Hopefully they will come out with a special pricing for combo."
"When I saw those 30 minute parking spots in front of Java Joe's.. and then I hardly find any electric outlets inside the store too.. I know I would not have like this Java Joe's as much.

This place remind me of a Second Cup... though it might have more food options... but the set up is kind of uninviting. 

Jewellery and Accessories on sale in a glass display case? In a coffee shop?

The last draw is when the barista frowned when I ordered an Americano ($1.95)... thinking why I don't just order a brewed coffee...

My drink is not bad...

A lot of seniors hang around here as the Thornhill Seniors Centre is just around the corner. So if that's your scene with TV showing CP24... you will enjoy your experience at Java Joe's.

Free Wifi just ask for the password.

BTW, Thornhill Library just around the corner if all you need is some internet time or just to chill... they have electric outlets everywhere! :)"
"This review is based on my dinner experience at Golden Duke Chinese Cuisine on a weeknight.

Food though on the more pricey side but taste decent. Services though is quite lacking as the place definitely understaffed. 

We shared:

Stir Fried Grouper with Vegetables ($24.99)
- The vegetable is nicely done and plentiful
- Only a few pieces of fish
- Portion size definitely disappointing at this price point! I would not order that again

Braised Tofu with Mushroom ($12.99)
- One of the best braised tofu dish I had
- Not overly salty but has great oyster sauce flavour
- broccoli cooked perfectly
- Great portion size and delicious!

Complimentary dessert is Grounded almond paste soup. I can still taste the bite and pieces of almond. One of the better complimentary dessert I had in Chinese restaurants. And almond suppose to be really good for me! 

I am now eyeing the $198 lobster/peking duck feast for 10 people. 

Golden Duke definitely great for groups and families gatherings."
"Manic Coffee is nice and calm 20 minute before closing... I can sit anywhere I like.. No crowds.. and I have the full attention of the 2 nice baristas who advice me I have only 20 minute to drink my coffee... that's more enough time! 

The Cappuccino is bold, strong and smooth. And the heart shaped Latte art..awesome!! Maybe he knew I am on a way to Anti Valentine Elite event.. or I just need some love since I am alone drinking coffee?? 

The cups so cute.. love that they have their own name branded coffee cups.. and that remind me of the thicker cup for HK style tea!"
"2.5 star

I have been to Piazzetta Trattoria twice, I guess it is time for me to write a review.

The dinner room is quite small, so make sure you make a reservation if you want to dine here on Saturdays.

I have sampled the following items:

Caesar Salad ($8)

Veal Scaloppine Limone ($20)
- one of the worse veal I ate, rubbery and chewy

Spaghetti Bolognese ($15)
- Great meat sauce and the pasta was cooked al dente

Linguini Pescatore ($16)
- Tons of Seafood and the tomato sauce is light, good value at this price point!

Pizza Affumicata ($15)
- though it supposed to be a thin crust pizza, it tasted soft and doughy

Services were so so! One of the waitress reminded me not once, but twice that I need to tip the amount before the voucher and in a really condescending tone that I found offensive! And that's even before we started ordering!"
"Everything here at Tavazo are jumbo sized...

Mixed nuts, prunes, dates, figs and of course the Pistachios.

How do you like your pistachio? Anyway you like it, you can find it here. For a healthy nut like me, of course I prefer the unsalted and roasted one.

Buying by bulk, you can also get as much or as little as you need.

This is the original and first location of Tavazo. The newer one just North of Major Mackenzie on Yonge is a lot more spacious and have more dry goods."
"Sushi Couture though is a step up from other Sushi joint in the Annex area but when compare to other Japanese restaurants I been to with the same price point, it is not as good or dare I say authentic? 

We did not go for the Omakase menu but opted for the a la carte.. The prices are quite reasonable. 

Beef Teriyaki Dinner ($11.99) comes with miso soup and salad 
- Beef is not the best cut, but for that price, I don't expect much 
- a little chewy and a little overcooked but the waitress never ask how we like the beef cooked... 
- nicely presented and the teriyaki sauce is ok 
- rice has sprinkle of black sesame seeds 

Sashimi Dinner ($15.99) come with miso soup and salad 
-There are 16 pieces of fishes and nicely presented 
- The only concern I have is out of the 16 pieces, only 7 of them 5 piece of Salmon and 2 piece of Hamachi not seared or with no sauce on them? 
- OK I am here on a Sunday night and using the blow torch techniques and a light sauce of top does cover the original freshness taste 

Sushi Couture Maki ($10.99) 
- The best order of the night! 
- Scallops lightly seared with a smokey taste.. melt in the mouth tenderness 
- The roll were cut into pieces that were too small... less than bite size 
- the sauce is nicely balanced and has good flavour 

Uni Sushi ($8.50) 2 pieces 
- Fresh and buttery... such strong taste! 
- so small! :) little little uni... 

Black Seasame Ice Cream ($3.99) 
- stored bought.. standard 
- took 15 minutes to arrive!!! I will definitely skip that next time! 

The 2 sushi chefs and the kitchen staffs are all Chinese speaking. I heard them talking to each other in Cantonese. So the verdict is: if you only eat at Japanese owned/chef restaurant, Sushi Couture is not the one to come to.

There is something definitely lacking in the presentation, the taste and the spirt in Sushi Couture for them to be a really top notch Japanese restaurant! 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard only!"
"Breweries is one of my favourite places to visit when I travel or at home. I just love to see the dedication and hard work of these micro breweries put in to fulfill their dreams. It might be just a bottle, a can or a pint of beers but they all started with their love of beers.

 Banded Peak Brewing in Calgary is one of the memorable ones I have been to.

The vibe is casual, the people is friendly. A place for some good beer brewed in house and some free popcorn! You can get a 4 oz taster of any beers for $2.50 and just make your personal selected flights.

For take away, there is the options of growler or ""Canimal"" which is a 1 Litre Can of beer. These cans are filled up manually by staff, just like how they do with growlers. They even use a can sealing machines at the front counter to seal each can individually.

Banded Peak Brewery might not be one of those chic brewery pub but a fun and homey place for beer lovers. Worth checking it out when you are in the area."
"Tea Market has a decent selection of tea.. especially if you are into herbal, flower infused tea. 

The set up of the store is quite nice with shelves of loose tea samples and pre packaged bags organized by their types.

There was one staff an older gentleman behind the counter but he didn't realize I walked in.

The location is a little hidden... as I would never know about Tea Market without Yelp!!!"
"I got confused easily, and I was trying to make a reservation through Open table for Sunday Brunch, I accidentally booked a table at Globe Earth instead. 

And when I arrived, of course there was no reservation under my name and they were full booked! Since I am meeting a fellow Yelper here for brunch and no way I am leaving so I was offered to sit at the bar. Then after 15 minute or so I was offered a table at the back of the restaurant.

To be honest I like Globe Earth a lot better! From the staffs, the setting, the food! If I going for brunch I don't think I will be back at Globe Bistro. The dining room here though is classy and nice but I found it a little dim, a little impersonal and a little pretentious.

My Brunch mate was nice enough to offer share with me:

Egg Benny Yelper's Way with White Fish ($13)

Omelette of the Day ($12) with King Mushroom and Goat Cheese

Both nicely done, but did not wow me....

Sitting at the back of the room has it's disadvantages as getting our waitress to refill our water glass and coffee proved not a easy task!"
"Bruno's Fine Foods may have a good meat and cheese selections, but I found it falls short on other areas of their product's selections.

The hot food selection is pathetic with just rotisserie chicken. For salad they do have quite a variety, even some strange coloured kimichi.

The fresh produces selections I found it is just so so too.

I might drop by Bruno's for last minute or pick up odd items I needed because it is smaller in size and not as busy and I can get in and out fast. But it won't be the to go to place for my grocery needs!"
"Timothy's World Coffee is located at the lower level right outside of Walmart in Scarborough Town Centre.

Great place to meet up with your friends or people watching (I am not sure if the people here are too interesting though).

Pretty spacious with plenty of seating.

The most important is the WIFI sign always so strong and stable, the best hotspot in the Mall!"
"I really feel for the friendly guys that work inside Mercury Espresso Bar! It was so hot and stuffy inside. I was sweating while sipping my Cappuccino ($3.50) with no air conditioning or fans.... 

I ended up taking refuge on their outdoor patio. Luckily their wifi signal was strong enough, so I have no problem uploading my photos using my Yelp App. 

I wish there are more electronic outlets, as my phone was almost dead and in great need of charging..... 

Cappuccino was A-OK! But the things that impressed me the most are the friendly staffs... I will be back!"
"I had been wanting to try out Seven Lives Tacos since it opened...

I was never lucky: Either I was downtown on the days that it was closed. And one time I was here on a Wednesday which it supposed to be open but it was closed for renovation! 

And finally I made it here...  But I had an upset stomach from the fried chicken I ate earlier for brunch.... why me!!!

I admired the Blackened Mahi Mahi Taco that my friend ordered for me. It looked delicious and sadly my stomach was turning. The torillas looked soft and chewy. The fish was grilled without heavy batter, just the way I liked mine. 

I guess I needed to come back again next time when I am in Kensington Market. I promised myself while I watched my friend ate my taco..."
"I have a weakness for carb and sweet.... Especially freshly baked and still warm from the oven.

Main Street Bakehouse on Stouffville's Main Street has this great neighbourhood small town vibe. Here you can chill with your friends or families over a cup of coffee or you can come pick up some freshly baked good.

What available here can be really random: depends what they feels like baking that day or the time you arrived. But rest assured that you will find something or too many things that you might like: croissant, scones, muffins, cookies and butter tarts. How about a maple bacon butter tart with perfectly balance of sweet and savory!

Cold brew from Station Cold Brew Coffee or a cup of java from either Waterloo's Smile Tiger or Stouffville's own Rhythm Coffee.

Bulk order of any baked good are welcome and please pre order 24 hours ahead. Please don't be that person that brought every single butter tarts available while in line before me...."
"3 Star for food + 0.5 star for being the only burrito joint in the area

Get and Go serves up delicious food at a reasonable price. The small is perfect lunch portion!  Toppings is fresh and always generous.

Being the only burrito joint on the hood, Get and Go is an nice addition to Main Street Markham. 

Worth dropping by if you are in the hood and have burrito cravings!"
"""I really want to pay for the patties!!""

"" Can I give you some money for those delicious Spicy Beef patties?""

Unfortunately, Michidean Limited would not take my money!! Free samples if you want to taste before you buy... and even if you buy a box of 12... they still give you another free sample...

Those patties has this awesome flaky outer shell....the fillings has bits of ground beef insider and just enough gravies... 

Staffs are friendly and full of ""SUNSHINE""! Just like in Jamaica....

I can eat the whole box in one seating.... yes trust me I can!!"
"Vienna Bakery  & Cafe is not an European bakery and cafe. You won't find Danish, Croissants here or Deli sandwiches! Here there are rolls of rolls of Chinese buns and Afternoon Tea and Lunch Tea set for a few dollars.

Beef Brisket Rice Noodle Soup with Drink ($4.99)
- If I came 15 minute later, this will be the afternoon specials for $4.50.. timing is everything! :)
- good mixture of meat and tendon, the rice noodle are the dried type though... not usual in Chinese restaurants.. 
- Size wise is a little smallish..great for light lunch or you on a diet! or Am I on a diet?

Services here is OK... waitresses just kept throwing menus in front of me, telling me what I can order, their subtle way to tell me what's the best deal at this moment.

Cash Only!"
"Nova Era Bakery
O Cantinho Bakery
Vannis Ristorante
Ellington's Music Cafe
Mi Tierra Restaurant
Banh Cuon Thanh Truc 
E
R

Banh Cuon Thanh Truc  is the Sixth Stop for our November Crawl.

Banh Cuon Thanh Truc did sound promising from the Yelp review, the decor here is a lot more chic and modern than what I would have expected.

Since this stop is really a snack between meals, so we decided to order some appetizers instead of anything substantial.

With Banh Cuon in the name of this location or course we need to order one of those!

Curiously, we ended up with 2 breakfast dish?

-  Banh Cuon Cha Lua Cha Muc Banh Cong ($8)
Banh Cuon is a steamed rice roll stuffed with pork, which is a light dish, and is generally eaten for breakfast everywhere in Vietnam. I found the rice roll here on the greasy side and just didn't wow me!

- Banh Xeo ($8)
Vietnamese crêpe-type pancakes is made out of rice flour and pan-fried and stuffed with slivers of fatty pork, shrimp, and bean sprouts. Served wrapped with lettuce leaves and stuffed with mint  and other herbs, and dipped in fish sauce.

Talking about humongous portion!! Both dishes though was so so, definitely not the best one I ever ate. Because of health risk involved in eating raw bean sprout, all of them were cooked before they were served to us.

As for my Yelp Friend, I think the most memorable moment at Thanh Truc was not the food or any cute waitress. The clarity of the Blu-ray movie we were watching over our breakfast food where the talk of the evening... and me I just could not get over the nasty smell from the washroom in the basement!

NEXT!"
"My dream and fantasy all comes true at Urban Nirvana Thai Massage.

My perfect vacation is go to Thailand, eat spicy food and durian and have a 2 hour Thai massage everyday!

Sadly, I am not rich and famous and not retired yet. But during my massage, I felt like I transferred to one of the massage parlors/spa in Thailand and I just wish it would last forever.... after the massage I even have an urge to book my ticket to Thailand!!

The front desk staff though was not as ""Thai"" friendly as I expected. I had a voucher that would be not be expiring in 3 month was met with a frown, stating it might not be honoured anymore and she needed to talk to the manager. But I glad that everything sorted out and I received my treatment!

After writing 3500 reviews, I definitely need a massage to loosen up my tight shoulders, back and hamstrings.... I just love those cracking sounds my body makes when my masseurs cracks all my knuckles..."
"3.5 star with room for improvement

I was a little confused when I saw Wow's business listing on Yelp as the Logo looks really familiar. And when I dropped by to visit, it is in fact the 2nd location of Wow! Sushi's Downtown! https://www.yelp.ca/biz/wow-sushi-toronto

Welcome to Markham! 

I did not expect a Sushi restaurant in this plaza but seems like Wow! will be doing fine. Their Spicy Roll is really spicy as the chef uses chili oil, kind of fit the taste buds of the neighbourhood which loves Indian, Hakka and Pakistani food. 

Pro-Tip: eat the spicy roll last or ask chef to tune down the level of spiciness.

I was lucky for my Sushi Lunch Set ($12) I was served with 2 pieces of Uni Gunkanmaki. So fresh, so creamy and tasty! The waitress said was their Grand Opening Special! Other fish was fresh and tasty. Note: there is no wasabi inside their sushi.

Little things need improvement: Too much salad dressing that drowned my garden salad and please don't ever put a spoon inside miso soup when serving to customers.

Service here is attentive and friendly! I will be back for dinner soon!"
"The Mall at Langham Square used to call The Mall at South Unionville. They changed their English name but kept their original Chinese name. Yelp wants to have this change as ""MOVED""? I really don't understand where is moved from and to? 

So this is more an update from my previous review 

http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-mall-at-south-unionville-square-markham-3

So after 2 years The Mall still 80% empty aside from T&T which is doing well.

There are also more restaurants that opens in the plaza area which is doing quite well including Wonton Noodle, Cha Ma Cha. 

It is just sad and changing the name is not going to make any difference."
"Heard so much about the Patio at Against the Grain from fellow Yelpers after the CMYE that I missed.. I am dying to check out the place... and of course the Patio!

Civic Holiday Monday for a late lunch... ATG was not too busy but there was still a wait for a table on the patio. The bartender was amazing giving my Yelp Drinking Buddy free sample of some of the beers on tap. My Vodka cocktail ($11) is on the pricey side from was refreshing and made from freshly squeezed juice!

Pull Pork Tacos ($12) was A-OK... soft, tender and seasoned well.. Great as a snack!! For sure it tasted better than my friend's Angus Burger... I am glad that we were not sharing!! :)

Love the deco and the location and the view!! ATG's patio has one of the best view I ever been!! A great meet up place to hang out with friends!

Great daily specials after 4 pm... who doesn't like specials?!!

ATG might be a little out of the way, but if you are in the area it worth your while to drop by for a drink!"
"4 star for the boiled dumplings! Pork, Shrimp and Shitake Mushroom ($8.49) was just so good! The wrapping was cooked to perfect with a chewiness with all the goodness of soupy filling still inside.

1 star for the fried dumplings! Curry Beef ($9.49) was meh! The wrapping still raw and you can see the white flour. Fillings was just so dry.

I guess don't order the fried version then we will be happy.

Mai Xiang Yuan maybe one of the more expensive dumplings I had but seems to be the price point for Montreal.

Cash only."
"This review is based on a CMYE: Jennifer K Spectular... It is no way reflect the usual atmosphere and offerings of Marvike Wine Bar.. 

Thanks for Vivek organizing it! And for Mavrik Wine Bar to have the whole place exclusively for us Yelpers to hang out!! 

Great food to snack on!

 Free finger food like:
- lobster roll
- deep fried shrimps
- goat cheese flatbread
- pate
- smoked salmon

Great and awesome services from the staffs!!

I love how intimate and cozy the place is so I can really mingle around and got to talk to everyone!

Love you all!!

I am looking forward to have another event in my honour when I have 5000 reviews and 20,000 photos?? Maybe? one day?!"
"Santa Claus is Coming to Town!!

Thanks for all the volunteers, the sponsors and participants making the parade so memorable and successful

Nothing beat seeing the faces of all the kids lit up when all these awesome floats paraded by.

Just be patient, Santa will show up eventually...

Ho Ho Ho!!

PS I wish I am much much taller!"
"This Future Shop is located on the 2nd floor sharing the same building as Home Outfitter.

Huge and spacious parking lot, you can basically find parkings no matter when you drop by even on the weekends.

Quiet... where sales associates outnumbered the customers.. good if you want services... bad if you are just browsing?!

The salesperson at the Appliances is knowledgeable and patience..made my purchase experience fast as I know what I want, and I don't need people trying to up sell me on anything.

My laundry set got delivered the day after as promised.. I am happy!"
"You know you at an Excellent Coffee bar when you greeted with this nice barista with such enthuiasm. Bisogno Espresso Bar has such a great vibe! + 0.5 star

I use my Indie Coffee Passport for my Cappuncino which was lovely made with a cute latte art. The favour is strong and bold... maybe I requested skim milk instead of 2 %.

Bisogno really set up like I am slipping coffee in someone dinning room. There is this digital picture frame displaying family photos of happy times. The communal dining room table though not too comfy looking but the sofa at the back with the coffee table... for sure feel like home! And the use of chandelier in the middle of the room as lighting reinforce this home like setting!

Free WIF and participating in Indie Coffee PassportI! +0.5"
"4 star for deco/services/vibe 

Patio! Patio! Patio! with loungers! 

The decor inside is also really nice..look like a great place to hang and have a drink or 2 with friends.....The Yo Man Margarita ($12) I ordered was quite good.. nicely balanced and delicious! 

Services was attentive and professional. 

If I have not ordered their food, my experience at Origin would have be a 4 stars! 

1.5 star for food 

Tostones+guacamole ($8)/Smoked cod croquettes+saffron aioli ($8) were both Meh. Should have skip the appetizers but I was hungry as usual and needed some snacks to go with the drinks. 

I am not really sure about Origin's food.. Maybe I am not into Fusion. I might have to give Origin a pass for lunch/dinner/brunch."
"Why am I eating Sushi in Stouffville?? I think I really need professional help with my sushi eating cravings as I should have totally skip Maki Zushi and went to have Fish and Chips next door! 
 
I should have turned around when the waitress ask if I am doing AYCE ($13.99) or from the menu... I don't really do AYCE so regular it is. I frantically searched for their lunch specials that was hidden somewhere...

Sushi Lunch Special $7.95
- Shari Rice? What Shari Rice? It is like a normal under cooked rice ball... really hard, really chewy without any flavours
- fish was not fresh aside from the two thinly sliced salomon
- Lukewarm Miso Soup was flavoured with mega MSG... I am still thirsty 4 hours after drinking that 
- Salad was drowned in Thousand Island dressing...... poor salad... 

The deco though is nice and bright and I do like how the sunlight was filtering through from the sky light above... The green colour theme is nicely done helped calm me down from yelling these are not SUSHI!!

Free Wifi Hot Spot. is a nice touch."
"The Old Bread Mill is really a deli, Cafe, Bakery, fast food all in one! 

Mainly Italian bread, pastry, cakes, grocery, deli, cooked food and more. 

There are a 4 small table in the front of the store if you do decide to have a cappuccino ($2.75) and have a veal panini as a light lunch. 

There are also 1 day old croissant at the counter 2 for $1.. hey they taste as good if you put it in the toaster oven and heat that up at home. 

The Old Bread Mill is like a one stop Italian food place and it has a more homey and traditional vibe."
"Whatever you like to call my favourite espresso ""dessert"" drink: Manchando or Cafe Bombon. All I know that it is a condensed milk with a shot of espresso and foam.

La Merceria is one of the few cafes in TO that I can get my fix. Love the cookie on the side too and now I can be on high on sugar, caffeine and carb in one seating.

La Merceria is so cute. The backroom is really cozy just made me feel right at home and ready for an afternoon nap. 

I need to come back and try their empanadas. So I definitely will be coming back!"
"2.5 Star for food + 0.5 Star for service

First Choice has so so lunch special but basically it is just similar pricing as regular menu but includes a choice of drink.

There are 3 items to choose from which is different every weekday. And for Thursday I decided to have Beef Satay Noodle Soup ($7.95).

My noodle was ok. The soup based though overwhelming strong and rich. The beef was lean but way overcooked.

Service though was really friendly and attentive! I was offered an extra napkin by my waitress without requesting when she saw that I probably need one!

First Choice though won't be the the first choice for me if I have craving for Vietnamese food but it is decent if you are in the area."
"Ice Cream/Yogurt joints popping up like those weeds in my lawn whenever the weather turns hot in Toronto! 

Shakeolait is more like an ice cream parlour... with a good selections of ice creams and sherbets... and one fro yogurt selection. 

I am not sure if I should be ordering a shake or what not as the menu on the broad can get confusing.. I easily get confused.. so a scoop of ice cream just plain and simple! 

Rainbow Sherbet ($2.50) 
- Big Big scoop... limey and refreshing...and colourful.. Yes I go for the looks! :)

Free WIFI?!! Now at least I don't need to always have coffees in order to get some wifi time!"
"I was lurked into Scaddabush again with offers from the mail. Free appetizer worth $15?!

Service is good this time around.

Calamari Fritters and Fettuccine Capri were standard. But sadly Parmesan Crusted Snapper ($23) which I ordered last visit and enjoyed was not good. Fish itself was mushy and the crust was overseasoned. 

Maybe not to order any main entree and just stick with pasta/pizza.

Food really going downhill compares to early days. But I guess it is happening with a lot of restaurants."
"What can I ask for more?? 

A Japanese lunch experiece from $5.99 in a clean and nicely decorated restaurant where the waitstaffs actually greet you with a smile and appreciate your business??

And I forgot to say even the food tasted decent.? and the portion is plenty for the price you paying? the food is fresh and nicely presented?

Watami Sushi & Grill is located in the Market Village. This location used to be Hama Japanese restaurant. The deco here is interesting with darker theme and Japanese deocoration around.  It is relatively small I would say it can sit around 30 people max. It is owned by Chinese people.

But don't expect this is another AYCE. Though it has lunch menu set special but for dinner it will be a la carte. On the white chalk board on the wall there are fresh seafood specials like uni, crab and some of the one that are not that commonly offered in other Chinese owned Japanese restaurants.

The eel bento box($5.99) with nice yummy eel.. though a little thin but is nicely favoured and have good texture to it. The Mixed Bento box ($8.99) with sushi and sashimi mixed are both fresh and tasty.

I will defintely be back and try other items on their regular menu or even treating my friends to that $5.99 lunch!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"3.5 star

Kind of a Brand New Yoga Tree location.... This used to be Yoga Plus and now Yoga Tree took over and transformed it into one of its own.....

Location, Location, Location! Right next to Eglinton Subway Station..... and close to all the nice restaurants... and all this coffee shops around (Bulldog, Aroma, Starbucks and Second Cup). ommmmm... now back to yoga!

I can see a lot of potential for Yoga Tree Midtown to be one of the best yoga studios in the area.

- 3 spacious practice rooms that able to offers different yoga style and heated/non heated classes at the same time
- Love the 2 studios with windows letting natural light in and the different colour scheme for each studio!
- The grand opening schedule offers a diversity of classes: Yin, Jivamukti, Vinyasa, Core, Power, Restorative... you take your pick!
- Tea Lounge with Complimentary herbal tea from Herbal Infusions and lemon infused water
- All the little things that you need: showers, shampoo/body wash, hair dryers and plenty of props to deepen your practice!

Unfortunately, since Yoga Tree Midtown is located inside an office building.. there are restrictions in what they can do to the facilities.

- Washrooms are not located inside the studio. Luckily, they are just located right across from the main entrance.... so make sure you go washrooms before you take off your winter boots!! shh.. ask for the secret code!
- 2 showers only.... so there might be a wait if you need to take a shower. Hopefully they are smart enough to schedule the classes accordingly to minimize the wait!

I will be back again for classes... and I can't wait when they have everything resolved and this may become one of my favourite studios?"
"Moksha Yoga Pickering is under the same management as Moksha Yoga Markham.

The studio since it is less than 1 year old, is spacious and nice decorated in a more pastel theme. The practice room is bright and sunny... with floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides... and it can be way too sunny especially for savasana!

There are 2 rooms one for heated and one for room temperature so they are able to offer a lot more varieties of classes!

The change room is nice with 3 individual showers and all the things you need and more...

The teachers that teaches at this location is similar to Markham location and even the class pass you can use that at both studios."
"Nothing is more comforting to have a meat feast for Carnivores, especially when they were deprived and hungry because they were eating at an Izakaya where everything are smallish.. and not filling. 

Seoul House Korean Japanese Restaurant is really a Korean restaurant.. and is really more a BBQ restaurant.. as all the tables are equipped with a gas bbq....so don't come here for sushi..... come here for their meat or their Korean dishes. 

Open late! Till 12 pm. So perfect for after dinner snack as in our case. 

Marinated Beef Back Ribs ($24.99) min of 2 orders serves with miso soup, purple rice and banchans 
- I love how they put the real charcoal underneath the grill.. so you has the real smokey charcoal taste while the meat cooking.. and yes it does make a difference 
- The beef was nicely marinated.. with good proportion of fat and lean meat..so every piece was nice and tender.. The only complain is the slices were a little thin... if they were thicker cut, then it will for sure give them a better bite! 

Nice Korean Mama Style waitress... minimum conversations, a lot of smile..... She was hiding somewhere at the back most of the time, so we did not get much services after she set us up with the grill and she did come back and put in a new grill for us when we ready to cook the 2nd time around. 

Excellent ventilation system.. I didn't smell like a piece of meat after I finish eating here.. that's always a plus! 

I think I am going on a Carb free diet with all the meat I have been eating... but at least they are good tasting meat!"
"I wish there are more charming and individual coffee places like Tango Palace Coffee Company near where I live or work!!

I really love the dark and cozy interior.. and the little worn and comfy airmchairs.

What's better than hanging out with friends and talk nonsense over a cup of coffee??
What's better than to bring my laptop and utilize the free WIFI over a cup of coffee??

I am no coffee guru..but what they serve here taste all right for me and love drinking my coffee from a big thick mug!"
"Grand Opening Day at Bestco Food Mart was a nightmare... At least one for me as the whole neighbourhood decided to all come out to shop on this day?!

If you have been to other flagship Supermarket: T&T, Ocean or Al Premium, I would tell you just come back when the hype die down. It doesn't worth fighting for a parking space in a smallish lot and then lining up with the Seniors that decided to stock up on bags of rice at $9.88 each, or Vita 6 pack drinks for $1.88. 

For people in the area, this is the biggest Asian grocery stores aside from T&T and the prices here are definitely cheaper. The selections though is quite standard.

Hot Table area is kind of disappointed with the usual BBQ, Sushi, Chinese stir fried and dim sum. T&T definitely is way ahead of the game.

Maybe it is grand opening day, a lot of the pastry and baked goods lack signges. I just could not figure out what some of the cookies are...

I would definitely be back to pick up some odds and ends. But won't make a special trip to shop here. 

They do accept Visa, MC and Debit.

Opens Daily from 8 am - 11 pm"
"Specials Thanks for Roma to take me here! Really I would never know what I have been missing ...and the burritos at Chino Locos still fit right in with the rest of my Asian food spots review!

The staffs here for sure are nice and friendly... and their burritos are one of the best I have... ok not because it is stuffed with chow mein.. personally I don't eat chow mein at a Chinese restaurant ever.. but when it is stuffed inside my burrito.. it is so so so good!

The fish is sauteed when we placed our order...no deep fried batter shit! At least I can pretend I am so healthy with the whole wheat wrap.. and making it extra spicy does make it so good tasting! And having it custom made does make it so personal!

We all finished our burritos recording speed! Now I always have cravings and daydream about this particular Chino Locos!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard!"
"On a weekday afternoon, there was only 5 people waiting in front of me waiting for some samosas. The line moved super fast and gave me some time to admire all the sweets that is so pretty and colourful but not good for me...

$1 for 5 Samosas and I mixed that with $1.25 Pakora. So I ended up with 4 Samosas and 3 Pakora for $1.25.. I really don't know why.. Personally I enjoyed the $1/2 Chicken Samosas a lot better... Maybe I am just a big spender!

Great as a snack! Maybe I get some extra ones to go with my beers next time.

Life is good if I can still get some food for a dollar."
"There is a reason that this food stall inside Assembly Chef's Hall is called Shari.

The shari rice was fluffy with a bite and well seasoned! I personally will be just happy to roll that up in roasted seaweed and eat that as a snack everyday!

Bara Charashi ($19.50) a little small for a large! I would have ate that all by myself and more. Fish though was chopped up but still tasted fresh.

Not recommended if you are really hungry, you would not have enjoyed this."
"Ganesh Takeout & Catering is facing really tough competition since it is just located less than 5 minute from Babu. 

Just like other Indian/Sri Lankan takeout, there is no line. But I have no problem getting services because I stood out like a sore thumb.... the only one that didn't speak the language. 

Curry Mutton, fried squid, eggplant, Curry mock vegetables and Sevai (thin rice noodle) was A-OK. Spicy and hot... my stomach felt burning warm the whole night. 

The set up here is not as organized, the food selection is not as good as Babu... so if I have the urge for more Indian food, I would have just drive North to get my fix instead of here... 

Sorry, Ganesh!"
"I have low expectation when I looking at Asian Speciality's menu. Hmmm, another Vietnamese Pho place in a Food Court? How good can it be?

At here, in this food court I have one of the the best Bún bò Hu I ate.

Served pipping hot the broth is so spicy, so fragrant and just full of flavours. The pig's knuckles so tender so is the beef shank and even with cubes of pig blood!!! The herbs for garnishing includes cilantro, mint, basil, green onion and raw red onion.. and more!! 

The menu here is quite extensive. But this bowl of noodles just Wow me! 

Definitely come to Asian Specialty if you do have this craving for Vietnamese food, especially Bún bò Hu! I am sure you won't be disappointed!!"
"This Starbucks must be facing quite a tough completion from Noir just down the street.

I do like how the space in here. Quite a charming old time vibe with extra high ceiling and the tables are not too close to each other!

The line was long and moving quite slow though on this Sunday afternoon..... and no empty tables...

Ended up having coffee too go...."
"Dropped by The King's Landing to watch NHL final game, so this review is based on more sport bar experience than the food.

Beer selection does need improvement. If Boston Pizza in the area can have Falcon Ale from Stouffville Brewery on tap and tallboys, I do expect a little more from The King's Landing.

We ended up ordering Rickard's Red and Shock Top. 

There are quite a few HDTV so not a bad place to catch any games. I probably will be back again and try the Bulgogi Burger next time!"
"Blame it on Mother's Day! Blame it on coming here late on Sunday when the whole kitchen probably all burnt out from a busy weekend.

I am really disappointed to Sam Woo!!

Not only the ""Special"" Mother's Day menu has just limited choices...and even then the Kitchen just could not deliver!!

Chives with Fish Fillet ($18)
- Grouper has good texture... but a little cold by the time it was served

Baby Green with Crab Meat ($18)
- It was a disaster... when the kitchen put too much starch in the crab meat...and it became a jello like texture... and so gluey and thick.
- The manager suggested to send it back and order something else

Something Else - Ong Choy (Hollow Vegetables) with fermented bean curd ($15)
- Not much better but at least is edible...but just bland tasting!
- By then I just don't feel like eating any more...

I have ""high"" expectation with the price I am paying....All the dishes we ordered were border on average and meh...... 

I don't think I will be coming back soon.... unless someone is dragging me here for their early bird dim sum $2.50"
"This review is based on their Lunch Specials.

Service is fast and efficient! Great for lunch especially if you are in a rush.

Pricing is on the pricier side from $8.99 and up. 

Food is not authentic Thai but  something with a Hakka/Indian twist. Can be a little heavy and fulfilling. That might be good for some? I did enjoy my Thai Basil Chicken ($9.99), requested extra spicy.

Not a bad choice if you know what you are getting into. Probably will come back for lunch again."
"Haroo may now be one of my favourite Korean Restaurant in the area. If you are interested in well prepared authentic Korean dish, I highly recommend Haroo.

Braised Beef Rib ($15.99) 炖牛仔骨 is just so good. The meat so well flavoured and melt in your mouth tender. 

Lunch Special though limited in choices but does comes with either s a combo of grilled fish and soup or just the soup alone for a decent price.

Winter is here and I can't wait to come back for some hot pot soup or even another order of beef rib which is just the perfect comfort food!"
"3.5 star

Over 123 flavors and 7 TVs in the bar area. I am a fan!  

69 cents wings on Monday let you pick 5 or 10  wings of any flavours...the question is which? 

Humble Bee ~ honey horseradish and mustardy good

Forty Creek BBQ ~ whiskey bbq

The wings were of good size and meaty, deep fried perfectly.

Steam Whistle on tap with Rickards and Alexander Keith..

End with a piece of cheesecake from The Cheesecake Factory....

Life is good!"
"This Starbucks is good for a take out place... that's it!!

Not enough seats (tables facing the front door and the washrooms?? I don't really want to chill there!).... Not enough electric outlets...

The worst is the WIFI.... I barely able to log in and it was so so so slow.. I feel like I am using a dial up connection! The worse part was the signal was so low, I picked up a stronger WIFI signals from Aroma and Second Cup while I physically inside Starbucks! Maybe I should not have come here..

Staffs were so nice and friendly...  I wish the WIFI connection is more stable and fast!"
"Having dim sum at Dragon Legend can be quite an experience!

The moment I stepped in, I just went wow. I know the theme is a little ""Chinese"" tacky but you can see the details and the time the business spent in trying to give the WOW factor.. and it works!

The dim sum selection is quite unique and original, but definitely on the pricey side. Not a place I would come every week to have a casual meal, but for special occasion. 

2 of us shared:

蜜汁义燒腸 ($4.30) BBQ Pork Steamed Rice Roll - The pork way too skinny and healthy
香茜陳皮牛肉球 ($3.20) Steamed Meat Balls - Meh, Too mushy
黑魚子燒賣 ($5.30) Siu Mai - Tasted better than it looked
秘制醬汁蒸鳳爪 ($4.30) Steamed Chicken Feet - soft and tasty
官庭梅花餃 ($6.30) Three Color Shrimp & Scallop Dumpling - Looked better than it tasted
鮑汁鮮竹卷 ($5.30) Dry Beancurd Roll w/Abalone Sauce - Meh, the stuffing inside the rolls is carrot!!
潮汕粉果皇 ($5.30) Minced Pork & Peanut Dumpling - A-OK
飄香榴蓮酥 ($5.30) Baked Durian Puff - yup!!!

I love the double-walled glass teapots and cups and of course the tea candle that keeps the tea warm. I do have to be gentle when I pour and sip my tea, as I don't want to break anything!

Service is still a little rough on the edges and hopefully that would improve with a little more training. 

I will be back again to Dragon Legend as there is always some ""Special"" occasion or celebration?!

Note to Management: For a higher end restaurant, staff should be checking cleanliness of washroom every hour or so. The lady washroom though nicely decorated but was in such a filthy unbearable stage around 3 pm on Sunday. (-0.5 star)"
"This review is for my dessert only experience at Hemispheres Restaurant & Bistro.

Everything in Hemisphere is a little old school, nice enough but nothing too amazing! 

We each picked one dessert to share but this is one of the few times I want to just eat my own choice! Green tea crème brulee wth ginger cake is one of the better one in the menu, maybe I just love Green Tea and Ginger!

NY Cheesecake and Chocolate Hazelnut Marquise are both a little boring. Good to fulfil one desire for sweet and nothing else .

Service though is amazingly attentive! Our waiter which is older man is cheerful and friendly and professional at the same time. I might come back here for a night cap or pre dinner drink as the deco itself is quite cozy and love those sofa armchairs!"
"Kobi Korean BBQ serves authentic Korean food. 

I highly recommend the cold noodle Naengmyeon as the noodle which was long and thin has a different texture compares to other restaurant in the area. As the noodle was imported from Korea so it is as close as the ""real"" thing as you can expect. Perfect on a hot summer day and the different shredded vegetables made it look so colourful!

I would be back to try their BBQ, especially the Spicy Chicken with Cheese which looks really interesting. Unfortunately, minimum of 2 orders so I have to bring more people to share in order to try other food.

Who can resist some good meat..."
"Tasty BBQ Seafood Restaurant's menu does looks really familiar especially if you been to Ocean Seafood Restaurant and Hai Tung Cafe. Apparently they are sister's companies!

Come before 5:30 pm if you want to take advantage of the Hong Kong Style Cafe offerings. The price is amazing! All Day Combo is ridiculously priced from $1.79 to $3.99. You can get a bowl of soup noodle and drink for that price!

We shared:

乾炒牛河($5.99) Fried Rice Noodle with Beef and Soy Sauce
芫茜皮蛋魚湯米線+鮮魚片+菜心($6.99) Noodle Combos At Your Choice

Not really amazing but decent.

Service was A-OK. 

Cash only.

Parking could be a nightmare even during a weekday afternoon."
"Came back here to Against the Grain for their Weekly (Monday) Specials... I have to upgrade my experience to a 4 Star. 

ATG signature cocktail for $5 from 4 pm to Closing...what a deal!! And from 4 pm to 8 pm all the appetizers are $5 off. 

And the awesome patio with those loungers... and the fire at night..... 

I wish Toronto Patio season can last forever................."
"High Park is nice to go for a stroll and get lost...

For us non locals, it is nice that High Park has more signages.. as there are more people looking confused trying to find their way around or out... 

Great to have a stroll here and takes some photos on a nice, warm day. 

And after, there are numerous decent restaurants and cafes within walking distance as I usually hungry after going around in circles..."
"PAT Thornhill Market is A-OK on its own, but having a location right across from one of the biggest Korean supermarket in the GTA area The Galleria Supermarket is not easy. 

Selections are not bad, you can pick up all the usual Korean food products but there are no Free WIFI access, No food court, No cake shop and not open 24/7.... 

But at least you don't have a problem finding parking??? It is good if you are in a rush, but not good enough as a WOW Korean shopping experience!"
"Dropped by Moxie's just for a quick night cap on a random weekday evening. Service was A-OK. We ordered the drinks and the waitress just served us without incidents. She even checked on us a few times to make sure we don't need anything else.

I did enjoy my Red Wine Sangria, a little week but has tons of fresh fruits, perfect for a hot summer evening.

The lounge area is quite dark, the waitstaff here just kind of blend in with the environment. I think my Yelp friends would not complain about those short tight dress. 

Beer selection just like any other Moxie's have a really boring beer menu, but seems like even guys like the Belini here?"
"My first experience at Acme Burger Co was quite OK.

$9.99 Combo that includes 6 oz Burger, Home Fries and Ice Cream Milkshake.

Fresh thickly cut home fries served right off the fryer! That's always a winner. Freshly made Chocolate Milkshake one of my favourite sinfully liquid dessert...

How's the burger? Whole Wheat Bun is really a tad too healthy for my taste. Beef patties a little char coaled, a little bland... But my friend just wolfed that down in record speed.. Was he hungry or the burger just too yummy?

The deco and furniture looks a little tired.. But the patio does look quite inviting!"
"Velvet Sunrise Coffee Roasters imports their coffee beans and roasted them on site.....

The problem I guess is their business hours as it is only opened to the public on Saturday from 9 - 4. Other days are by appointments or if you want a certain type of beans, you can call or email them and arrange a time for pick up or delivery.

I dropped by The Village Grocer down at Kennedy and 16th for a taste of their beans.. I think it is such a good idea for cafes to use products locally.....

And for the pound of whole bean I got for $12.99 I can't  wait forl my yelp friend to try it out....."
"Kitchen Stuff Plus right by Winners!!

Now I can do price check so conveniently since there are quite a few brand name that carries at both locations! Of course Kitchen Stuff Plus has so many more choices of kitchen and household wares compares to Winners!

A brand new store with friendly staff. I can imagine myself coming here often just to browse around but always ended up getting something."
"I usually go to Congee Queen if I want some comforting food... and I know the quality and quantity never disappointed...especially if I want some decent Chinese food after hours...

Services always Meh..... Staffs all looked tired and overworked... and wish they are somewhere else.

Ask for something... an extra bowl? some hot sauce? If you lucky they will arrive eventually.... if not ask again....

They accepts Visa and Mastercard...."
"Double Shot Flat White pulled by a New Zealand native using Pilot coffee beans with great latte art.

It is hard to believe that Wiseys Pie and Bakehouse would serve such an awesome coffee.

And of course MEAT PIE!! Steak with Cheese is not joke as the fillings has 2 layer of steak. All meat, no filler! The crust is so flaky. 

Aside from meat pies, the other baked goods looks as good as everything here is baked in house.

Definitely worth stopping by Wisey Pie and Bakehouse when you in the area. I would be back for more pies and of course another Flat White!"
"Blacksmith's Bistro is cute and charming. 

I opted to sit upstairs in their dining room  right next to the fireplace which gives it a warm and homey vibe. The downstairs where the open kitchen located is kind of dark and more casual without the white table cloth settings.

There is no business hour posted outside the restaurant, so I was there a little too early for lunch... 15 minute before it supposed to open at noon. The staffs were really welcoming and more than willing to sit me and the chef  was ready to cook too!

Parma Pizza (Prosciutto, Bocconcini, Arugula, Roasted Red Peppers, Pesto)  $15 was a little disappointing and overcooked. The crust was thin but so crispy like eating a flat bread crackers. Wish there were more Arugula... I am thinking about similar pizza I ate at 7 Pizzeria Enoteca (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/7-pizzeria-enoteca-oakville#hrid:l4nvKG0WnKuy--I11SwMlw/src:self) which was loaded with Arugula!

I ended up washing down the pizza with water and I was kind of full... so no dessert.

I might need to come back again for dinner and try other items on the menu, as it is unfair to write off Blacksmith's based on just a pizza.

BTW, there is ""Seafood Pasta"" on the menu, I know who will be coming here with me!"
"I have been coming to this Pho Mi 99 for years. Fast and Consistent. Always a good experience.

Conveniently located across from Vaughan Mills. Pho Mi 99 is a much better option than eating inside Vaughan Mills food court before or after shopping!

Menu is quite diverse as there are more than just Pho! I like how I can even select what toppings for my Bun Bo Hue.. as I am never a fan of pig's knuckles."
"It is a little unfair for me to write a review based on my experience of Burrito Boyz based on a Vegetarian Burrito.

Yes, I am eating a Veggie Soy Burrito. Personally I would prefer and expect to just veggie inside with beans, rice and cheese. But inside there are ground meat taste and look alike inside.. I got a little confused because my dinner mate is a vegetarian and seriously she would not be sharing a ground beef burrito with me??!!

I do find the Burrito a little bit too heavy, too saucy, too creamy?... I did not feel healthy eat this veggie burrito... But veggie choice doesn't equal healthy or light.. just the idea that no animals was harmed or killed because of my dinner..

The service here is nice and friendly. And it is open till 4 AM on weekend! Great to have a quick bite after partying in the area!"
"Don't be fool by the small store frontage of Constantinople Bakery & Coffee. I was amazed  when I walked through the door and entered into the cafe itself. The space is cozy and huge with ample seating and even a bakery and chocolatier making their products fresh on site.

Turkish Coffee ($3.90) was not as I remembered: not as strong, thick and bold. But the Turkish delight sweet did save the day. Though labour intensive and nicely presented, $4 for that cup really does not justify the price tag. I will stay with espresso coffee next time.

I will be back and chill out a little longer next time!"
"I am already in my vacation mood when I was looking through the Drink Menu at Coquine Restaurant. 

I want a beer to go with my lunch... not like I am crazy about Boris ($4). The bottle looks kind of cute, but a cheap beer always taste like a cheap beer...

Lunch serves till 5 pm. The prices are really similar to the dinner menu but for lunch, Coquine does have some lighter fare: sandwiches or wraps.

My Chicken Crepe ($14) filled with grilled chicken breast, sauteed mushroom, spinach and brie with a mixed green salad was quite savory. The sauce was really flavoured and creamy but definitely on the heavy side. Chicken breast as usual can be a tad too heavy and dry for my taste..

Coquine does have this French Bistro Vibe: dark and noisy. My waiter was friendly and professional. I definitely will come back to try other items on the menu when I am in the area!"
"Drop by The Bowery for a dessert and after dinner drinks on a Saturday evening.

We were seated at the bar, but the stools can be a little hard and uncomfortable as I trying to keep myself from sliding down... maybe just me? a little tipsy after a drink or 2??

The drinks we ordered The Bowery Buzz ($8) and Mayan Macchiato ($8), I found them both a little disappointed. I cannot taste the elements and ingredients they used for the mix. 

For desserts we ordered Red Wine Poached Pear ($9), Lemon & Concord Grape Satin Cream ($9) and Maple Mascarpone Cheesecake ($9). They were all so so aside from the Cheesecake. Just that everything sound tasty and unique when I read the menu, but the finished products were just meh...

Services though is excellent. Our bartender/waitress is cheerful and friendly and she checked on us all through the night. I think the guys like her.... really really likes her.. I wondering why?!"
"Hockey Sushi? Why is it call Hockey Sushi? I should have ask one of the wait staffs here.. but I know I would never get an answer out of them. Since I never even ever talk to me... no eye contact... hey here here here! 

I think Hockey Sushi is one of the worse AYCE for services. These Mandarin speaking waitstaffs are the coldest bunch of people I ever meet. Maybe you think we are just some cheapo coming for AYCE sushi and you have your 10% tips regardless how you treat us... but we still customers.....

Aside from the services.. the food is Meh. The rolls are mainly made with rice rolling loosely together with hardly any ingredients inside. How can tempura bits be in almost all the rolls?? I know cost cutting to maximize profit. The spicy tuna and salmon tasted the same rice/tempura bits/seaweeds and mayo... where is the fish??

The sushi we order has this thin piece of fish on it.. I have to give credit for the kitchen staffs to able to slice fishes that thin... a technique to be trained by frequent practising. The quality of the fish is standard for AYCE. 

Presentation... I don't need any great presentation.. but at least don't let loose food dangling out of the plate and on the table.. gee am I suppose to eat those??

Now to the cooked food. Hockey Sushi really have to take it easy on the deep fryer.  I am really puzzled when Chicken Teriyaki is served as a deep fried chicken cutlet with some teriyaki sauce on top. Here come the chicken with curry served with the same chicken cutlet with curry sauce on top?? First time I have Chicken Teriyaki in a form of fried chicken.....am I eating at KFC??

Green Tea Ice cream is good though... no complaint with the ice cream.

Lucky I am with some fun loving, asskicking yelpers! They make my lunch experience here so enjoyable! + 2 stars!!"
"This review is based on my experience during Savour York Region $25 Dinner Menu at That's Italian Express.

* My Choice from the Winterfest 2014 Menu *
Insalata di Funghi Misti - Warm Mushroom Salad was so good, high recommend if you are a mushroom lover like me! (I don't see this on regular menu...)
Pizza a Scelta Sidernese - Prosciutto Heaven! Though this is a white pizza with no sauce at all 
Tiramisu - House made was just so creamy!

*My Dinner mate Choice from the Regular Menu* (yawn)
Caesar Salad ($8) - Standard, nothing compare to Insalata di Funghi Misti!
Linguine Pescatore ($18) - Noodle a little overcooked but quite enjoyable!

Seems like the dish I choose from the Winterfest menu was a hit as I was forced to share my food with my dinner mate while I have zero interest in his salad or pasta!

Service was really attentive. 

We were also given a Lucky Red Pocket at the end of the meal with a $10 gift card to celebrate Chinese New Year. I guess I will be back again!

Just note: that their Home made Spicy oil is good but really spicy!  And the menu has less selection than That's Italian Ristorante in Woodbridge."
"My first experience watching an event at Quicken Loans Arena was awesome!

The Q is just looks impressive even from a distant! And I was just in awe when I saw that Jumbotrons! I just could not take my eyes off these Megatrons!! You do have a good view and won't miss any actions no matter where you sit in the arena. 

Washroom is plentiful and clean. Beers at $8 a little pricey but it is event pricing. I do like the various food options available including B-Spot for a burger.

A indoor walkway from and to RTA Tower City Station makes taking public transportation so convenient even on a rainy evening!

I wish I can have one of those HUMONGOTRONs  at home...."
"I been to TEN23 a couple of times for both K-lunch and happy hour K.

This is a good place for people that want to have a little gathering of Karaoke singing and some food to eat during lunch. You will be assigned to little private rooms that can fit the people according to your party. K-lunch cost $9.99+taxes+service charges. That includes a choice of entrees and a non alcohalic drink.  The time frame is from 12pm to 3 pm. So basically you can sing nonstop for 3 hours! 

The food is quite good. I have tried Grilled Pork Chop and eggs with rice, Spaghetti Bolognese, Japanese Seafood Ramen,  Minced Pork with Rice Taiwanese Style and Korean Style Ribs with rice.

For the free drinks, you can order cold drinks with no extra charges, that includes honey lemon drinks. The cold drinks are much better value because they are served in big glasses! (yes you will get thirsty when you are singing for 3 hours!)

The songs here are quite current and has Western, Mandarian, Cantonese songs too.

However, the services do need to improve because they don't really check on you that much in case if you need something extra. After the wait staffs took your order and serve your food.. they kind of disappeared.......

For Happy Hour is from 4 pm to 9pm for $8 that includes 2 non-alcohalic drinks. The menu during Happy Hour really sucks! All deep fried food and for $4.99 they are all really small..and their dumplings are nasty.. the frozen one that deep fried until they are dry! So have something to eat before coming to sing your heart out for 5 hours!

There is a membership fees of $15 for 1 year. or you can pay $5 per group each time you come.

Accepts all credit cards! 10% service charges are added automatically so make sure you don't double tip! 

Make sure call for reservation for happy hours couple of days ahead for weekends, they are quite busy and you might be disappointed!"
"3.5 

4 for Coffee
2.5 for food
4 for environment/service

Platform Espresso Bar has a lot of potential. All the hardware is here: a nice pleasant vibe. A Slayer Machine which is probably the only one in the neighbourhood. A passionate owner/barista who really wants to provide her customers that ultimate coffee experience.

The weakest link here is probably the food. I was here twice and really enjoyed my Flat White and Cappuccino. Lovely espresso and awesome latte art. I know I will be back for coffee. The food though was quite disappointing. 

Platform Signature Waffle Sandwich ($15) 
- Waffles was not crispy outside, the chicken was meh
- We opted for potato curls which is probably a better option than iceberg lettuce side salad

Belgium Waffle ($3) order with no adds 
- hoping for a dust of powder sugar: waiter said they only have brown sugar for coffee and did offer me some

A revamped of the menu might be in order to make the overall a better experience as a cafe."
"3.5 star

Come to Abruzzo Pizza for the food... Don't take your date here if so she will be disappointed.. 

Abruzzo is located at a strip mall... surrounded by mattress and furniture stores. Since it is in Richmond Hill, at least I don't have this seedy feel. 

2 areas of the restaurant, one is for pick up and the other area for sit down lunch/dinner. The sit in area is more basic remind me of a cafeteria set up... 

On a Friday afternoon... for late lunch, this place was quite busy.. There are at least 3 cars with the Abruzzo Pizza signs on their roofs going in and out of the parking lot doing delivery! 

Vince Special Pasta Fusilier ($12.50) 
- includes Italian Sausage, Mushrooms, Zucchini, Fresh Hot Peppers, Garlic and Light Tomato Sauce 
- Filling and hearty 
- the Italian Sausage is really lean remains me of Chinese preserved sausage... and it is not salty to my surprise 

Abruzzo Special Pizza Small ($13.50) 
- Consists of Tomato Sauce, Cheese, Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Green Peppers, Bacon & Onions 
- The crust is thin but not dried... still have this oh so good I am eating carb feel 
- The ingredients are generous and yes and filling! 

I cannot say Abruzzo Pizza is authentic Italian pizza... but is a good option compare to other chain pizza joint!

Services here is efficient and friendly... a good family vibe! I do have a feeling I am eating at one of the pizzeria down at Little Italy instead all the way up at the Burbs!! 

Open for lunch only from Tue - Fri. They accepts all credit cards!"
"Scaddabush really needs to work on their service and have better training for their waitstaff.

Last time when we went there for dinner, the service was so slow and unattentive.

Waitress always missing in action as she was busy socializing with a table of regulars. All we wanted was just to ask for the bill and leave. And it took 15 minutes. And the funny thing was she asked us not to be mean to leave her bad comment for the online survey."
"Khao San Road renewed my hope that there are authentic Thai food in Toronto. 

Pad Thai (Sam Roas) with Chicken ($14) 
When I was eating my Pad Thai ""three flavours style"" which I requested Thai Spicy... I have tears in my eyes.. joy that it tasted so good and authentic and it is just spicy hot!! 

Sweet, Sour and Spicy all in one... and real Thai chili pepper sprinkled all over... 

Pad Gra Prao with Beef ($13), Gra Bong ($7), Gaeng Massaman with Shrimps ($15) which my dinner mates order all tasted so good..Wish they all ordered Thai spicy like me! 

Compare to Sukho Thai, Khao San Road is the more classy and stylish younger sister..and the price point does reflect that. 

But if you are going on a date to impress then Khao San Road.....if I just going to stuff my face with Thai food.. then Sukho Thai.

BTW, the lunch menu is less extensive and a dollar or 2 cheaper!"
"I got a little lost finding Corks.... wondering around Longos wondering where is this place? a Bar? Don't see one? Then I saw Starbucks, almost want to have a coffee instead and forget about my beer... then I saw Corks, tagged right at the corner beside Starbucks. 

Thursdays from 5 to 8 pm, three free oysters when you purchase a pint or a glass of wine is a good deal... but the oysters were kind of small and not really fresh and on a paper plate ..... meh... but it was a nice offers. 

The bartender here was super friendly and explain to me what they have on tap and character of each beer. Love how Corks feature local beer from the breweries! 

Plowman's Ale ($6) is bold and heavy and have great characters...love the bitter finish at the end........ 

I might just skip the oysters but definitely will be here for a quick drink when I am in the area.......oh maybe some Canadian wine... Corks must be a wine bar, as it is call Corks??"
"We almost walked out of Mazda of Toronto because of lacked of services. 

The moment I walked into the showroom, I requested to talk to a sales representative. And after wandering around the showroom for 15 minute, we still waiting with no acknowledgement that someone would be with us shortly. Then I made another request again and finally after 5 minute, someone finally free to serve us.

I can understand if it is a Saturday when new car dealerships can be slammed with walk ins but it is a quiet Friday afternoon...

Our sales representative was quite helpful and let us tried the car we were looking at and was easygoing and friendly."
"I have been to Old Montreal numerous of time in various season.

I would not comment on all those cheesy souvenir stores as I never set foot in any of them. I would not comment on those overpriced restaurants as I never ate in any of them.

I just love wandering around the cobble streets and admire the beautiful historical buildings.

A great area to have a stroll and take some photos."
"Cafe De Causette is the one of the four Taiwanese tea place inside Commerce Gate. 

Grand Opening Special: Buy one get one free regular drink is a good deal not to be missed as you are really paying $5+tax for 2 drinks. Regular is perfect size to fulfill my BBT cravings!

I love the seating here the sofa area is quite comfy but on a cold day the whole place does feel really drifty especially by the windows. By setting up the heat a little higher might help, and I did have my winter jacket the whole time I was there.

Cafe de Causette does serves Panini/Sandwich and Waffles. How can I resist freshly made waffles?

Taste of Japan ($8.95) has a good waffle based but a little lack of toppings. A small scoop of green tea ice cream and a spoonful of red bean was a little sad. Why was the waffle served in a takeout box with plastic cultery? But the lady was nice enough to bring me a 'real' plate so I could enjoy my treat.

A lot of potential and quite promising for this nice little cafe."
"$2 for a bottle of beer?! I guess I am IN!

Tea & Kitchen just opened up on Steeles between Kennedy and Birchmount has a really mixed menu that has items from Chinese and Japanese cuisine. 

Fook Chow Style Fish Ball Noodle ($6.99) took forever to arrive, as the kitchen seems to be busy with some private function. The ramen Noodle with fish balls has this milky white fish broth definitely a A OK!! 

A good place for cheap beers and snacks as it opens till 12 AM. 

I will be back!!"
"Another one of those so so not so good, not too bad Cantonese Restaurant.

It is right at the corner of Brimley and 14th. 

The one good thing about going to this place is there is not going to be a problem with parking. 

The fresh seafood special is written on the chalkboard in the front of the restaurant. 

All the meals comes with Chinese soup and dessert (usually red bean sweet soup).

The service is a hit or miss since this place can be quite busy over the weekend.

Dishes recommended: sweet and sour pork, honey and pepper oysters.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"This Starbucks is busy!! Tables are set up so randomly trying to accommodate as many customers as possible. Good  in a way is you can find a seat... but it might not be a leisure sipping your coffee chilling experience.

Located inside Indigo Eaton Centre, with free WIFI and you are really out of sight from the staffs so basically you can just stay here forever..........

Noise level can be quite loud here, so I didn't take a nap at all...."
"We walked by Earl's while looking for some place for an after dinner drink... I got sucked in when I saw the patios with comfy seatings and the heat lamps.... I ran in so fast and so my fellow yelpers don't have a chance to change their mind!! 

Friendly hostess asked inside or out? I screamed OUTSIDE... so apparently outside is first come first serve. 

Drinks Specials everyday.. Tuesday Bellini special.. Bellini please and even the guys ended up drinking one of those.... 

Good friends, good conservations, cheap drinks and cool patios......... 

Life is good! 

It helps when our waitress was pretty, witty and quick!! She gave us a split bill without us requesting!"
"One of the reasonably priced Italian restaurants in the area.

They have daily special written on the board right when you walk in the restaurant. Try the Ginger Carrot soup if it is available as soup of the day, you would not regret it!


Appetitizers -  has a good selections, my favourite are Mussels, Calamari, Coconut Shrimp, Escargots and crab cakes. (yes I tried them all!)

Pasta - I would recommend Linguini Di Mare and Angel-Hair Ali a Olio 

Entrees - For lunch  Catch of the day or  Filet of Sole and for dinner Tuscany Steak, Halibat

Desserts 

Desserts - Tiramisu is great! 

The wait staffs are really attentative and helpful. We always has a great time coming here!

Not a happening hangout place, most of the customers are more mature or coming as a family......

PS I found the pasta are great value since I am all stuffed just eating that! I wish they have whole wheat option though, as least I won't feel that guiltying chowing away!"
"I prefer Casa Victoria any time over her sister Casa Imperial anytime.

Though both dolled up in lavish gold with European flare, but Casa Victoria feels more spacious and just less claustrophobic.

Service here is attentive and professional. 

Price wise is a little more than other Chinese restaurants but is worth coming here for special occasion.

All the food we ordered were well prepared with quality ingredients and all were A-OK. 

- Roasted Peking Duck 2 Ways
- BBQ Suckling Pig with Jelly Fish
- Seafood Hot Pot in Rum Sauce
- Beef Tenderloin and Cashew in Maggi Sauce
- Fried Sticky Rice w/ Conopy & Preserved Meat

I definitely will be coming back and maybe come here for dim sum?"
"F Coffee's opening hours is the shortest and most inconvenient compare to other espresso coffee shops that participate in the Indie Coffee Passport. Not only it closes on Sundays, on other days it closes early at 5 pm! 

Cappuccino with nice heart shaped latte art. The roast itself is not bad...the drink is a little heavy... 

F Coffee is one of the noisiest coffee shops I been to. With the loud music and people talking loudly so they could be heard over the loud music and the acoustic of the place all adds up to a more bar like atmosphere... And for what I saw not too many students studying or surfing the internet here... and there are seriously lack of electric power outlet here!! I could not even see one at all! 

Barista was really friendly and was so impressed to see that I almost finished with my passport... just one more to go!!"
"I have not been back to Reposado Bar & Lounge since I attended an Yelp Elite Event here. All I remembered I had a really good time? 

Back again with some of my fellow Yelp friends on a weeknight. The place was quiet and I remembered we were the loudest table? We talked about future bachelorette and bachelor parties that involves strip joints? I think?

I shared a Herrudura Flight ($30). Someone had an anejo Manhattan ($12.39) and told me it was good. Another person gave me his shot of Tromba Blanco  ($8.41) because it was not his thing, he enjoyed his Stratford Pilsener ($4.87) way more... And someone got really happy drinking her Virgin Sangrita ($1.33). 

Reposado is definitely a great place to hang out and chill with your friends. 

I need to go back again, maybe after a few shot of Tequlia, I will remember more?!"
"Boots... I love Winter Boots that keeping my feet dry and toasty warm.

Flurries Sheepskin has tons of winter boots that you can choose from and this location just opened and having Grand Opening Sales! 

Boots and Sales... are like music to my ears.

But check website first and see what they have on specials..but for sure the selections in the store is much better and you got to try them on, touch them and model in front of the mirror before you buy!"
"Dropped by That's Italian Ristorante for Savour York Region 2013: Lunch Menu $20

Polpetti Al Forono - Homemade Italian Meatballs smothered in tomato sauce, topped with Grana Padano Cheeses and served with crostini

Fettuccine Di Bosco - Truffle-scented cream sauce, portobello and porcini mushroom topped with crispy Italian pancetta

Tiramisu 

Food is quite delicious. Love the rich creamy pasta. Meatballs were a little cold inside. Tiramisu made in house was divine!

The service though is definitely an issue. There was only 1 waitress working during lunch shift while I was dining in and being understaffed, service definitely lacking. I do feel sorry for the lone waitress but I don't like to feel I am such a nuisance when I ask for some iced water 3 times when my glass never got filled up since I sat down."
"Lunch Specials!! $8.95 cash only for miso soup, salad and 4 piece of sushi and 1 maki room all Chef's Surprise.. 

I was pleasantly surprise as my sushi were all fantastic! My tuna roll was so so so good... just melt in my mouth while I enjoyed every single piece slowly. The wasabi definitely not from the tube! 

Love the small and friendly vibe of Solo Sushi Bekkan! Eating here really makes me feel like eating in one of the small sushi place in Japan! 

I want to come back and try out other item of the menu!"
"Love the location! Right by Queen Subway Station, a good addition to the neighbourhood.

Love the space! The nice sofa like seating, the huge patio!

Love the staff! So nice and helpful!

Unfortunately my Cappuccino ($3.25) was poorly made. The milk was not properly frothed. The espresso shot was not pulled properly.  It was a really sad cup of cappuccino.

Dineen Coffee does have a lot of potential. It is just not right if they could not do the basic right... I just want to have a good cup of coffee!"
"This is the newest location of Porta Via.

I am happy that they opens up in Markham, as now I have another options if I want to have a healthy lunch option.

Soup and Sandwich at $8.75 and with an extra soup $10.75.

There are usually 2 soups to choose from one Vegan and the other is usually vegetarian.. great if you has special dietary requirement.

There are quite a good selections of panini and you can get the kind of bread you would like... 

Salad/Beet Soup/Beef with Brie on Francese Bread
- Salad is smallish... the vinaigrette dressing is quite nice and tangy
- Soup is beet puree seasoned with a hint of black pepper, really simple 
- I love my Francese Bread, so crusty... the in house roasted beef is quite moist and lean...
- It will be more perfect if the sandwich has left in the grill a little longer

The deco is clean and simple. The disposable metal look alike plastic utensils would be nice if they are real utensils for eat in patrons. 

A little pricey than my usual lunch but I guess that's the price one pay for good and healthy ingredients!

Luckily they accepts all credit cards.. at least I still can pay for my lunch!"
"I have weird working hours and seems like whenever I am free, Junction Eatery is closed so it took me more than 1 year to able to make it here for brunch.

The restaurant is small and can be crowded. The wait for food can be long and the service may be lacking. It might have limited opening hours and maybe even floating hours....

But the food here is excellent. We ordered :

Smoked Brisket Hash & Eggs ($9.25) 

Southern Breakfast ($10.95) - Fried catfish and 2 eggs sunny side up

Both entrees were delicious, well prepared and with complexity and contrast in taste and texture. One can tell that the chef took time and effort in preparation. For the price that I am paying, it is definitely a bargain. I could be biased since I love the stronger and bolder ""southern"" flavour!

I can't wait to be back again for brunch or  their ""Supper"" Club Monthly prix offers or  Crème Brûlée & Warm Beignets dessert that sounded exciting!"
"I have been thinking about that Country Fried Steak since last Sunday. This is probably the only place I know of in GTA that has this on their menu.

Fried Chicken Steak was crispy and crunchy outside and with tender meat inside. Now I am a believer! 

And for $12 with a Side! 

Though the set up was casual. Service was excellent. Staff delivered our drinks and food to our tables and checked on us to see how we enjoyed our meal.

Local Crafted Beers on taps and in bottles. What more can I asked for?!"
"I come here because of the set menu and the drinks that comes with it.

There are a lot of choices to choose from Taiwanese, Curry, Japanese noodle soup, Eel with rice, Cod fish with rice in a hot pot. 

The soup that comes with the meals are usually really Chinese soup prepared with Herbs that suppose to be good for you.. I found them salty and not my favourite.

There are a lot of choices of different drinks.. mostly Taiwanese style bubble tea, fruit flavoured green tea, red bean ice with ice cream, grass jello ice with ice cream, hk style milk tea. (If you want your green tea to be hot instead of cold, there will be $1 surcharge.. I ask them why, they said because they have to heat that up in the microwave.. um...)

All the set menu comes with a dessert sometimes it is turtle shell pudding, mango mousse wrap into a ball....(I don't really know what to call them.. but they are not good..)

The service is friendly but it is slow... 

I would come back to this restaurant for the drinks.. 

They accept Credit card Visa or MC"
"2.5 stars 

The only reason I came to Pho Metro is because I purchase one of those teambuy coupon that gives me $20 for $10. 

The strip mall that Pho Metro located are quite busy... I still remember the days when the Ministry of Health has their health card centre here. We were delighted when we saw designated Pho Metro parking right at the front!! 

Special Beef Rice Noodle ($6.50) M 
- standard Pho, not bad.. 

Vietnamese Spicy Noodle ($6.95) +0.5 star 
- love the varieties of meat in this noodle: beef, Vietnamese sausage, beef brisket and pig blood jello! 
- The noodles are the bun noodle type.. 
- soup is sour and spicy... have great spicy kick 

Rolls with Shrimp and Pork ($3.50) 
- not bad..not something I will order again... 

Three Beans with Coconut Milk ($3.25) 
- I will definitely NO going to order this again... my friend was so excited when she saw the photo in the menu... this big drink with all the colourful beans inside.... 
- And what we got was this little plastic cups... little little cup with little little beans inside...sad and disappointed! 

The portion here are smaller and the price are higher. The deco though is nice, service is good and everything seems to be clean."
"Phu Quoc Island Vietnamese Restaurant is a newly opened Singaporean/Thai/Vietnamese Restaurant located on the 2nd floor at Times Square.

If you have been to the previous several Vietnamese restaurants in this location, you will find the layout and the decoration is basically very similar. Phu Quoc did refreshened it up and give it a brighter look.

There are quite a few interesting items on the menu that is quite unique which you might not find in other Vietnamese restaurants. So worth giving it a try and be a little adventurous aside from eating Pho all the time.

Vietnamese Style Duck Leg Noodle ($7.50) with a light aroma of orange peel and the duck leg was prepared like a confit. Here you can see the influence of ""Chinese"" and ""French"" in Vietnamese cuisine. Duck Leg was so so... 

Vietnamese Style Deep Fried Chicken Wings in Tamarind Sauce ($6.50) was pretty good value with 5 whole wings in an order. The wings itself was quite meaty. I enjoyed the sourness of tamarind which kind of balance the oiliness. The meat inside though a little bland. Maybe if the wings can be marinated a little?

For their Grand Opening Special, they do offers 10% off. We also offered a little appetizer to munch on and some dessert at the end of the meal.

Maybe I was having a high expectation with those 5 star review. But for me definitely an A-OK and I would be coming back to try out other dish and even Pho and other Noodle Soup."
"Nova Era Bakery
O Cantinho Bakery
Vannis Ristorante
Ellington's Music Cafe
Mi Tierra Restaurant
Banh Cuon Thanh Truc 
El- Tipico Ecuatoriano
R

El-Tipico Ecuatoriano is the Sixth Stop for Our November Food Crawl.

After a little time out, we ready for a snack! Ecuador, a country I never visit as yet and I left the ordering with my Yelp Friend.

A little confusion of what we ordered and who we ordered made us waited for food that never arrived?

The Cheese Empanada has this ooey gooey texture, while the Beef Empanada has a really moist filling. The baked shell was flaky and soft at the same time. I really enjoyed both of them!

Ceviche with various Seafood ($12)
- I almost mistaken this bowl of soup seafood as the Seafood Soup that we ordered
- The ""broth"" the fully cooked shrimps, squid and fish were marinated in has really light citrus taste. I found the seafood really rubbery. My Yelp Friend though quietly ate the whole order with a heavy dose of hot sauce
- Toasted corn kernels was offered to us as a side dish to go with the Ceviche which I secretly wish I can wash them down with a beer!

Seafood Soup ($12) which availabe only during the weekend never came...and when we followed up on our order, it was sold out!

What I would remember the most for my meal at El-Tipico definitely is NOT the food... This would be the night that I watched a UFC fight which last around 5 min from the pre show till the end...... That's definitely a change from CP 24!

KNOCKOUT!! 

I think I am ready for dessert!! 

NEXT!"
"Commerce Gate Dynasty Cuisine opens from 8 AM to 12 PM 7 days a week so they serves Dim Sum from 8 - 5 and then Cantonese dishes during dinner time.

The restaurant is located at the corner unit of the 2nd floor of Commerce Gate. There are big windows that overlooking Hwy 7 on both side. This create a lot of openess and the incorporation of natural light on a nice sunny day!

The dim sum menu consider of  the usual items. We ordered the beef rice noodle wrap, chicken fingers, XO stired fried turnip cakes and deep fried seasame balls.

They all tasted ok but the turnip cake is a little disappointment for $4.95 and it does not taste even as good as the one at Congee Wong. 

The price is reasonable for the 2 of us includes tips for $17 for non discounted prices.

The service is really polite and friendly! The manager said so many times thank you for visiting when giving us the bill, paying the bill, leaving the restaurant!

They accepts all credit cards includes AMEX with a smile. That is quite unusual for Chinese restaurant!

There is special prices for having dim sum before 11 AM and after 2 PM. So I would suggest visit then.

(My photos are nice and clear! Thanks to my official photographer my sister! Eva K!)"
"So many Fro Yo dessert places popping up all Toronto.. and Yo Yo's just another one of those. Good but not amazing!

Tasted a few of their offerings, non fat, non dairy, low fat or what not. I find the original is the best as I love the tartness in it. The other fruity taste was a little disappointing.

YoYo's does have a large selection of toppings, but I prefer my fro yo plain and simple so cannot really comment on that. But for sure don't go crazy on the toppings.. you be in shock when you cashing out! :)

Staffs are super friendly... and if you want to taste any of the flavours just ask!

The front patio is nicely set up.. would be relaxing and enjoyable to enjoy your frozen treats and watch all the action along Bloor Street."
"Golden Wok has changed their English name to Golden Prince but the Chinese name stayed the same.

They even kept the old menu but with new additions added. Most of the specials only written in Chinese on the wall.... For sure this is NOT a friendly restaurant for non Chinese reading customers!

We ordered 2 dishes to share. One is beef with fresh mushroom/soy curd and chinese cucumber with dried sea scallops/shell fish. (Hard to explain them in English!)

They both nicely cooked. More like something that are homemade and they are not too salty.

The dessert is sweet potatoes soup with tons of sweet potatoes inside... that's a really nice ending to the meal!

They no longer accept credit cards, CASH only!"
"Korean Harvest Festival is just another reason for me to eat and celebrate. This is the 11th annual Festival held by Korean Canadian Business Association of North Toronto at Mel Lastman Square. 

Harvest Festival (Hangawi) is celebrated on August 15th of the lunar calender which is similar to Chinese Moon Festival, which they consider to be their ""Thanksgiving""! And to celebrate and give thanks, families are gathered together to eat, drink and dance! That's all I need to know! 

Korean performers, fashion shows, traditional dances, hip hop/singing competitions are held on the centre stage. There are also arm wrestling and wings eating competition. 

Food vendors offerings Korean comfort food all curiously either in orange or brownish colour: rice cake in hot sauce, sausages, bbq, fish cake and buns. Curiously St Louis has the largest food area selling chicken wings, ribs, corns and potatoes... Western comfort food! 

It was kind of fun watching families sharing their laughter and food, kids playing with each other, friends chilling.......... That's makes any Festival special!"
"I like Aroma Espresso Bar. 

Great place to have an espresso type coffee and a sweet and chill out a little. And of course, that piece of chocolate that comes with the coffee makes the experience so much more enjoyable.

This is the first time I visited Bayview Village Location and maybe my last time. The food and service was excellent. I really enjoyed my Espresso Con Panna and Apple Cinnamon Danish. 

My advice though is to avoid this cafe if you see there is a line or if it is a full house. There are other cafes in the Mall if you want a coffee. It was passed lunch rush at around 2:30 pm on a weekday and this place was packed. People sat there after finishing their drinks/food and chatting away. Good luck in finding a table as no one was leaving and you have to fight for a table! There were some ladies almost got into a fight over a table and there was some pushing and shoving. Seriously, I would never have expected at Bayview Village Neighbourhood?!"
"Matsu now offers AYCE and a la carte. My Yelp friend got all excited since it is AYCE and he can really stuff his face with food.. and can eat all the ice cream he wants... 

Lunch AYCE ($12.99) sounded awesome with this price, since the menu includes both Japanese and Thai food. But I found most of the food tasted bland especially the Thai food... and the sushi and sashimi were disappointed both in presentation and taste. 

Dare I say, my maki rolls that I did at my sushi class looks so much better and taste better too!!?? I understand that the ""sushi chefs"" were all overwhelmed but when my rolls came out looks worse than what they have at T&T.... 

The only item we enjoyed the most are the ice cream.... I felt so much better when I ate my 6 little scoops of ice cream even when I am coughing... cough..cough cough..."
"If you looking for South Asian groceries, New Spiceland Supermarket has everything you need. 

Opens till 11:30 pm, really convenient for late night shopping.. which I prefer.

A little small and cramped inside... 

They have a separate unclosed area for their meat section... I wonder why until I got close and I can smell that unpleasant smell of  ""raw"" meat without even going through the glass door...

They accepts Visa and Master Card."
"I love CocoaLatte! What a cute little cafe! What a cute name!

Drop by for a Sunday lunch/brunch on a sunny day. The restaurant is quite busy but we have no problem to find a table either inside or outside at the patio.

We order the Breakfast Burrito and a Tuna Sandwich Melt with Beet soup. The ingredients they used here are nice and fresh. You can even watch them preparing in their small open kitchen area.

Though the portion is smaller but I think it is perfect for a nice quick meal without overeating. At least I feel like I have a healthy meal when I eat here.

The Chai Latte and Cafe Lattee where both nicely made.. The only thing I don't understand why the Chai Latte is served in a paper cup and half of that is milk foam?

The waitstaffs here are all so friendly and upbeat with such positive attitude.

I will definitely be back and have a coffee when I am in the area!"
"4.5 Star almost perfect?

Back here for dinner. No more spoon in my miso soup and the side salad had just the perfect amount of dressing! (Thanks for reading my review!)

Sashimi Dinner so Fresh! Good and Interesting selection of fish. Love the raw oyster and the uni/oyster/roe shooter! The bowl of sushi rice was just perfect!

Japango Roll was over sauced. A more balance is needed but that should be easily adjust.

I will be back!"
"I love my lunch experience at Porcello Cantina!

The set up is casual but with some table service if you do decide to eat in. You ordered the food at the counter and your food would be served to your table. You paid when you ready to leave. 

I love the rustic decor of the interior. There are also a small section at the side where you can pick up some Italian grocery: pasta, sauce, cheese and more.

We shared:

Porchetta Sandwich uses Berkshire Pig from Western Ontario ($8.50)
Fresh Cavatelli with Pancetta ($15)
House Red Wine ($5) and Caffe Latte ($4)
Nutella Bomboloni ($4)

Everything tasted so fresh, delicious and perfectly prepared. This is one of those places I would opt for a glass of wine instead of a latte? 

Since most of the items are made to order, so if you are in a rush during lunch, sandwich and pizza slices with a salad might be a better option.

Staff is friendly and checked on us frequently during our meal. Our waitress was really cheerful and has great personality!!

Highly recommend Porcello Cantina if you are looking for a casual and authentic Italian experience!"
"2.5 Star

Pavillion Pastries Cafe is located near Main Subway Station so it is convenient to pick up an early morning coffee. Americano ($1.69) was decent!

However,  Galaktobouriko ($3.50)  was disappointing. The phyllo was soggy, the filling was dry and hard... Yelp friend, thanks so much for finishing that! 

The staff was super nice even gave me a free sample of Loukoumades which was fresh and just have the perfect level of sweetness!

Pavillion Pastries Cafe is a good neighbourhood cafe but not worth a special trip."
"Eclairs! 

Brand new pastry place. Everything just so pretty and so yummy. 

Aside from sweet, they also have savoy eclairs. Seriously, smoked salmon.

Staff is super nice and helpful!

Love their individual packaging as mine stayed impact until I got home! 

The Persian Pistachio has such a balanced delicate flavour without being overly sweet. $30 for 6."
"Why I like this Starbucks?

- I found seats!! and I got to pick where I sit! There is not really usual!
- Every seats have electric outlets close by!! I don't need to be like crazy woman wondering where the outlets are!!
- Nice jazzy music.. and people here are quiet... all like me typing away on the laptop or studying!
- The back area for sure is spacious!! and have big windows too...

And of course the WIFI is working!! :) So I can write this review LIVE!!

Why I don't like this Starbucks?
- It is closing at Monday to Thur 9:30 pm! And the staffs were cleaning up and stacking up the chairs even before 9 pm!!"
"I love Noodles!! 

A bite of the Homemade Noodles at Chowon Family Restaurant and I knew that this is one of the best noodle I have!

Bajirak Kalguksu - Manila Clams Noodle Soup ($7.99)
- The noodle is the star! Cook al dente with this great bite!
- The broth has this really light delicate taste and with tons of clams!

Spicy Seafood Hot Pot ($14.99)
- If you are into fish, you would love this dish
- If you are hungry, you would be stuffed
- If you are into noodles,  you will be in heaven
- I wish this is more spicy
- This definitely not that live seafood hot pot I had before with all those seafood tossed in alive.. but good enough at this price!

Services is A-OK! I got everything I need and wanted and more with a smile!

I was hoping that I can get the noodles at a store, but the lady told me they made everything in the kitchen themselves.. I guess I need to come back to Chowon for that oh so good noodle!

Me Want Noodles!!"
"Parking seems like to be an issue for this location. 

The smallish parking which they shares with Chucky Cheese and Paramount has not even 1 open spot on a Saturday at 4:30 pm. There were tons of car circling around looking desperately for open spot.

Selection is quite standard compares to other location. 

The cashiers here though all super friendly and efficient!! I love their attitude!"
"Welcome Big Bone to the neighbourhood! 

I am just so excited to have real BBQ from now in Markham. No more driving to the West or waiting for the rib fest. 

Nice diner style set up with friendly staff and of course the smell of meat and BBQ sauce. 

3 Bone Dinner ($9.95) that's includes fries, cornbread, coleslaw and beans made me a happy camper!! 

1 2 3 4 bones... Must be magic!! Thanks guys.. 

Finger licking good!!!!!!!!!

Nice patio out front!! I can now dream of Summer... BBQ and Beers (they do have domestic bottles available)"
"One can argue that all Starbucks are the same, serving the same coffee with baked goods and with customers hanging there typing away on the laptops?!

Passed by this Starbucks during the November Food Crawl and feeling sleepy and tired from all the eating... I decided to pop in and do my route...

Of course getting a cup of coffee at Starbucks is my routine but aside from surfing the net, I love taking power naps at Starbucks... 

Staffs here really went out of their way to make sure I have a good cup of coffee by suggesting that they are making a fresh brew and I can wait for that!! Sweet....

Music was soft, Light was Dim, Conservations were soft... My tummy was full and I am tired.....

The smell of fresh brewed coffee in the air....

Zzzzzzz  Zzzzzzz  Zzzzzzzz"
"3.5 Star

Wandering around this part of town looking for food after some drinks.... Every restaurants looked empty and closed...until the nice people at Pho House waved at us and signalled us to come in!

We ordered a 101 Medium and Large.. and I don't think I would ever order a Large as the portion is huge. The broth was flavoured and savoury, really hit the spot on a cold winter night. The spring roll was crispy and delicious! Love the rice paper wrapping!

Even after their closing time, we never felt rushed or like some of other restaurants I been to when they started mopping the floor hinting that we should leave.

I definitely be back to Pho House next time when I am in the area!"
"Covernotes is unpretentious and down to earth. 

Having a coffee and chill out here is just like hanging at a friend's house. Especially at the backroom with mismatched furniture and bookcases of books! 

Barista is also the cook. A guy with multi talent! and he is super friendly too!

Free Wifi just ask for the password. If you rather not reading books but watching Youtube like me!"
"When I drove by The Sushi Bar http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-sushi-bar-toronto?hrid=Smn0s558wjG12xSw7qNoTw#src:self one evening and saw a huge For Lease sign up, I just don't believe my eyes! How can my favourite Japanese place be out of business.. Then I happily realized they moved to a new location, just 3 doors down... And of course I need to come here for a visit!

This review might be a little bias as I never even ever look at the menu whenever I eat at The Sushi Bar. Just show up and sit at the sushi counter and just eat whatever served to me. 

And now I can even drink my sake here?! I just love this new location, so spacious and nicely decorated. 

There are quite a few sakes offers here and some even not on the menu. 

Chef looked at me looking at the Sake menu, he said Hot or Cold? I said Cold and the pretty waitress just shown up mysteriously with 3 sakes for me to try... Just like magic! 

Wakatake Onikoroshi Junmai Daiginjo ""Demon Slayer""
Taiheizan Junmai Ginjo""Chogetsu""
Denshin Yuki Junmai Ginjo

And the winner today is Taiheizan Junmai Ginjo""Chogetsu""

Food then mysteriously served to me and I ended up eating non stop for 1.5 hour until he finally asked if I am full....  any dessert.. How I love this man..

I definitely will be back again and again... My new drinking hole...

Food served omakase style is all seasonal so I always come here to eat with an open mind and empty stomach! Just Feed me!"
"Kazan Koren Restaurant is a nicely decorated place. This is so chic and modern and has comfortable booth seatings. 

We went there on a Saturday night around 7:30 PM. The place was not too busy and we got sat right away in one of the booth. 

We opted not to have the Teppanyaki which is in a different area of the restaurants with the chef cooking in front on you on the iron plate. 

We ordered the BBQ ribs (2 bones) $21.95, Stir Fried Seafood with Rice $12.95 and Spicy seafood udon soup $9.95. I tried to order brown rice instead of regular white rice, the waiter told me it was sold out since lunch... hmmmm... can they just make more if they know they don't have any since lunch?? 

First thing that comes was the appetizers which is a pancake with green and red pepper. It tasted a little oily but it is OK. Our waiter did not even realized that we don't have chopsticks or any utensils to eat. 

The other complimentary appetizers is quite tasty: kimchi, mushroom with beef, green beans, egg plant. We were accommodated when we requested for a refill. 

The ribs are quite tasty. The cut is really good, no tendons or chewy part. The stired fried seafood with rice was a little disappointed, the sauce is kind of bland and but the 2 shrimps were nice and fresh squids were cooked perfectly! The seafood udon, I requested extra spicy.. that only come out as mild..with the same seafood..I do like the noodle soup better and it was huge.. they served that in a XL metal bowel! 

The service was a little slow and impersonal. Maybe our waiter is a trainee, he does not really know what he is doing sometimes. He left the dirty serving cart right next to our booth and I have to push it away more than twice. 

I prefer going to smaller restaurant that is family runned compared to huge restaurant that is so impersonal. I found the smaller ones do give me a feel how Korean really eats at home and are more authentic. 

Kazan is great if you have a big group and for sure you will have so much fun watching the chef cooking right in front of you and doing all the tricks! 

VISA, MC, Interac, NO Amex 

PS You do smell after eating here even no one around you are eating BBQ! I have to wash everything including myself when I get home. However, my dog has so much fun smelling me..."
"Eating Corned Beef Sandwich at The Corned Beef House which has the first location opens in Downtown Toronto since 1978.

The meat was soft, tasty and warm. Quality of meat is good. A ""Giantic"" 10oz Platter at $17.95, could be more giantic. The fries was really good too, perfectly crispy outside and just soft inside. 

Service here is super fast!! The only place I really been asked 3 times as they ready and eager to take my order! Great if you are here if you are in a rush.

Good choice of local crafted beers from Amsterdam, Beau's etc. It would be helpful if they have a menu of what's available instead of having customers asking every time."
"This is no gourmet but if you are value originated and looking for some Cantonese food that tastes like home? Canton Kitchen might fit the bill.

$6.99 for an entree dish and if you order 2, it will come with a huge bowl of rice. My father still believes that one has to eat rice to have the strength and energy. BTW, the $6.99 entrees does have a whole chalk board of selections but all written in Chinese.... They do have an English menu but a little different in a few items.

Tea infused Chicken and Soy Sauce and Braised Mushrooms with Tofu were both well prepared. 

I know I will be back again when I want some cheap Cantonese eat with good Wok Hei. They also have noodle/rice special the whole day.

There is table service if you want to eat in. The sit down area is more spacious and cleaner than typical food court.  

Cash Only!"
"Kim Bo restaurant just opened at the right next to T&T Middlefield replace Super 7 (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/super-7-restaurant-scarborough#query:7%20vietnamese).

The interior of the restaurant has been completely redecorated with new booths seats put in and the size of the main dinning room is only half the size from the old business.

House Noodle Large ($7.25) was a little small. I finished eating that and I was just half full... I can't imagine how small a small would be!! Taste wise I found the broth quite oily as there was this layer of oil floating on top. Taste wise was a little bland... 

The services here was so friendly and fast! When I asked for some chili pepper, the older waiter just ran into the back and got for me with a huge smile on his face..

I might give their Pho a try... and hopefully the experience would be better!"
"2.5 stars

This recent visit to Sushi Marche is a little let down, compare to my previous experience.

The sushi are not tasting as good. Maybe I have tried Taro's Fish and that experiene have change my idea or standard of what good sushi are like?? 

I would still drop by for my sushi fix in the area.. but their sushi would not be the one that I dream about when I have the cravings!!"
"Kingsway Meat Products & Deli is a family business and have been serving the Bloor West Village for over 20 years. 

The interior still have a feel of old traditional meat shop... those sausages hanging in the front area of the store for sure a sight to behold! Selections here includes Polish coil, Sopot Sausage, Chlopska Sausage, Blood Saga just to name a free... and some I never seen before... :P 

There is also a great selections of Cold Cuts, ham and other smoked products.. Jelly Veal Tougue! I don't know I ready to try that yet...

If you not into cooked meat products, at the back of the store there are also fresh meat that you can purchase and cook up a storm at your own house!"
"This is one of the most expensive take out Spicy Tuna Inside-Out Roll I ever have!

I can tell you that it was really really really good! I can eat 2 more orders of that!

I was just planning to have a snack... but that is a great snack. I wish I can have one every week... :)

The girl at the cashier is nice and polite and has a nice cute smile!

I would definitely pick up more sushi next time I am in the area!"
"Looking for a burr coffee grinder brought me to Home Outfitters. 

I found the store a little disorganize and the selections a little lame and a little overpriced unless there's a sale.

All the sale associates were busy reshelving instead of helping customers or at the cash registers. 

The Nespresso counter is nicely set up and the sales is the hardest working of them all!"
"I have been to Kiyo Sushi for lunch and dinner, I have wonderful experience both time I was there.

Lunch Special starting at $7.95 with some different combination bento boxes. My Sushi Combo ($10.95) was impressive both in the freshness of fish and the well prepared shari rice! A selection and even includes 2 pieces of Aburi sushi!

Chirashi ($12.95) at dinner which is listed as an Appetizer is no Appetizer. I didn't expect much as this price point and I was surprised and delighted when it was served to me! What a huge order with a great combination of sashimi!! I can eat this everyday.....

Kiyo Sushi is small family run business with really friendly and polite service. Price is so reasonable and I can't wait to go back again to have Chirashi again soon!!"
"3.5 star 

Ling Long Legend is a Northern Chinese Restaurant opened up in First Markham Place, replacing V2 Noodle. 

This new restaurant also specialized in noodles, but fresh hand pulled ones. You have a choice of narrow, regular and wide, depends on your preferences. You can see the lady actually making the noodle in the front counter. 

Aside from noodles, there are also Shanghai dim sum and other Northern style dishes. 

The reason I like Ling Long Legend because they are really single friendly in a way there are quite a few of smaller tables. Even the Steamed bun has a smaller portion, 4 in each order. 

The Beef Noodle Soup ($7.99) with a really light broth and the beef was tender. The regular noodle was cooked al dente, a little on the chewy side. 

Small Steamed Bun ($3.99) was also really good, as good as DTF next door. The skin though a tad thicker, but it is semi transparent and I can see the soup inside the bun inside. Best to eat is to wait for them to cool down a little and just eat the whole bun as a whole and let the soup and flavour expose in your mouth........ 

Waitresses are in training so a lot of hesitation but both really nice and friendly. 

I definitely suggest to give Ling Long Legend a try if you are into noodles and Shanghai dim sum!"
"Rodney's Oyster House is THE PLACE to take my Yelp Drinking Buddy who never eaten oyster before in his life?!!

How can someone never eat oyster before?? Does he knows what he is missing??

The waiter was really excited when he find out that we have an oyster virgin in the house.. and I ended up letting him pick the selections of oysters that would have give my YDB a more unique experience. 

YDB has a great time and I think he is ready for the next step of eating dozens of oyster and drinking all the beers and hang out as my oyster eating/drinking buddy!"
"This IKEA location is quite special to me because it is the first IKEA I ever been to. Back them when I was in University, I came here quite a bit to get some cheap furniture and I still have some of those around my house.

Years later, I am back again. After been to the bigger location in Vaughan which is never crowded on a weekday, this location feels packed and super busy. All these shoppers have nothing doing to like me on a weekday afternoon? The store set up itself is quite crammed too..  Or just because of all the shoppers? I can imagine how busy it would be on a weekend!

Yogurt cone was just as good as I remembered though. Always a treat whenever I go shopping at any IKEA."
"I am excited!

I love Izakaya Tsuki's North York location  http://www.yelp.ca/biz/izakaya-tsuki-toronto and I am glad that they decided to open up another location up in Richmond Hill!

Opens till 2 am 7 days a week  as I always have midnight snack/drinks attack and kind of bored going to my usual Cheap Chinese places or one of the franchise restaurants/lounges.

The staff here are friendly, attentive and polite. I would leave that to my Yelp friend to comment on that as I was busy drinking my sake and trying to take some photos of my food.

We shared:

Ankimo - Steamed Monk Fish Liver ($9)
- Since I cannot eat foie gras all the time in Toronto, I would settle for monk fish liver
-  Texture was smooth and just with a little fishiness

Maguro Tataki ($14)
- Not the best maguro but a dish with interesting texture and taste
- Love the mixed greens on the side, I need my veggie sometimes!

Buta Negi Shio Yaki - Grilled Pork with Mustard Mayo ($10)

Okunomatsu Kinmon ($22.99)
- Not every sake is available on the menu and there are definitely a good choice of quite a few sakes

I know I will be back to Izakaya Tsuki to have a draft beers or 2 when I am looking for a late night spot to chill out a little."
"Thanks Bisogno Espresso Bar for being in the Indie Coffee Passport for 2011 again!! 

Still as good as my last visit! Oh, might be better, because I got a biscotti with my cappuccino??!!! A treat! 

These place just have this friendly vibe! Everyone were so nice and kind to each other........ 

I almost tempted to upgrade my basic cappuccino to a Nutellacino... I almost................."
"Beijing Restaurant is the rebranding of La Mere Restaurant. Same location, Same Menu. The only change aside from the name is probably the pricing and the seating layout.

I usually just order the Meat Pancake which is always consistently good. The Pork Pancake was for $4.50 back then now it is $5.99. The meat filling seems to be less. Still tasty and juicy. But I doubt I would want to pay more for that.

I do like the new layout. It just make the space more opened up instead of having a roll of table of 2 in the middle of the aisle.

I would still come back if I have craving for meat pancake when I am in the area."
"I have been eating at Khao San Road for years since they first opened in the old location. After I visited their newest location for the first time this week, I have to say the food is just as good!

The interior is exactly the different vibe compares to their previous location. The tall ceiling and the huge windows, you might need to wear your sunglasses when it is nice and sunny out!

Service was fast and friendly during my late lunch. And Khao San Road always make my favourite X Thai Spicy right! 

I will be back whenever I am in the area!"
"My first ever experience with Porchetta, and yummmmy!!

The pork that served here really remind me of Chinese Roasted Pork..but way more tender, tasty and moist!!

My sandwich has a mixture of lean meat, fat and skin (crunchy skin!!). The bun itself is really light, crusty and perfect pairing to the pork!! This sandwich is one I would say worth every single calories and fat content!!

The seating here is tight..but it feels really homey and warm. There are now 7 seatings...and not too many people eating in...

For $5.99, Porchetta sandwich.here is great as a snack, not as a meal itself. I will suggest to skip the adds on.. since the sandwich does taste good as it is..."
"Kyochon BBQ apparently is not really a Korean BBQ place... at least for the night I went, none of the tables was doing any grilling and cooking.

Kamponggi and Gamjatang set ($19.80) Tuesday Special:

- Kamponggi (fried chicken) is just delicious!! I was so lucky to have that plate of freshly fried chicken covered in sweet and spicy sauce right in front of me. I lost count of how many pieces I had and surprisingly I could have more! 

- Pork Bone Soup served bubbling hot!! It was A-OK..enough flavour but lack the spiciness... 

Dak Galbi ($12.95X2) for Table Cooking:

- Table cooking?? More like table heating as the chicken were all pre cooked already
Just a little strange to just mixed up the ingredients and call that cooking :) I am a good cook then
- I do enjoy the hot sauces, the rice cakes and the vegetables

Kyochon BBQ offers lunch specials too. 

Maybe I can try eating that plate of Kamponggi next time all by myself? But should I?"
"This restaurant is called Han River on the signs but the receipt that show it is also call Han Kang.. 

I was there for lunch..and the place was busy with just 2 waitstaffs and 1 sushi chef working, so the service was quite slow.

Han River served both Japanese and Korean food that are runned and owned by Korean. 

Lunch special starts at $7.95 to $12.95 which are combination of Teriyaki dishes, Sushi and Roll. Sashimi and Korean dishes. There are 14 different choices.

I ordered the Han River Bento which has Sashimi and Tempura. All lunches comes with miso soup, salad and appetitizer. 

The miso soup is so salty! I just cannot drink it. The appetitizer is alright with transparent noodles and a fried fish cake (I think it is a fish cake?)  

There are 12 pieces of Sashimi which are fresh and tasty. Same with the Tempura. I have to give them extra marks for their brown rice. This is a mixture of brown rice, red cargo rice and beans. They put extra water when cooking it so it is nice and chewy.. remind me of sticky rice. (You have a choice of either white or brown rice with no extra charges, thanks for the nice waitress for asking when I ordered)

I think I will be back at dinner time or order a dish from the regular/Korean menu to see what kind of side dishes they offer. Sometimes I am so full just eating the side dishes.. :)

There are little private rooms if you do desire some privacy.

They accepts AMEX, Mastercard and Visa."
"I don't even realize how intimate the Fuel House is till I walk in the door. It is kind of funny that you can make a reservation through Opentable. 

Hanging out at this place is like hanging out at my friend's house. With just a handful of table for 2, the dining area is already full... I ended up sitting at the bar area with a bunch of guys watching NFL... So for the evening, I had a sport bar experience or a game night at a friend's house.

Menu is really simple sandwiches and more sandwiches.... I ended up with

Pork Belly Banh Mi ($7.50) which was not too bad a little too fatty for my preference but I definitely have better. My extra spicy request was as usual not spicy. I need 2 of this to fill me up...great for a snack with a drink.

2 drafts on taps: Sapporo and Beau's ($6.50) 

I doubt I will bring my date to Fuel House.. Maybe a game day Date?

The bartender/server though is really really nice."
"Cold Weather! Soon Tofu Hot Pot Season! 

Warm Weather! Cold Noodles Season! 

I have been driving by Cho Sun Ok numerous of time... snowing, cold... and thinking of the icy cold broth just made my heart turned icy and cold too! 

Finally, when everyone start wearing their short sleeves and I even saw some legs... I know the time has come! 

Arrowroot Noodles in Icy Broth ($8.95) 
- Remind me of Shaved Ice dessert!! 
- I demand not to have my noodle cut so I can take a good photos.. and I like how they were bundled together waiting for me to slurp them up! 
- Arrowshoot noodle were chewy and have great bite and suppose to be health too? 
- No meat at all but a half boiled eggs, cucumber, pickled turnips and pears... 

The deco of Cho Sun Ok reminds me of a HK Style Cafe restaurant, so I fitted right in! And surprising some of the waitress can speak both Mandarin and Korean too!! 

Lunch Specials from 11 - 3 Monday to Friday, which has a few items that are a $1 cheaper than dinner hours. 

Korean Sausage made from pig organs and intestine cooked in a spicy broth with more pig organs is one of the choice on the menu... if you really want to make your cholesterol level go higher.. that might be a good choice!"
"Raku is a new Ramen & Izakaya place that opened recently at the location that used to be Wonton Chai Noodle (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/wonton-chai-noodle-markham).

So if you are looking for some wonton noodle fix, you ended up have to settle for ramen....

The set up is really similar as the previous owner with a change of colour theme, fixtures and furniture.

Lunch serves from 11:00 - 5:00 pm daily. I would not call the menu a lunch special menu as the prices are similar to dinner pricing and with just less offerings and no lunch set. Sushi, rolls, sashimi on one page and Ramens, cooked food on the other side.

Tonkotsu Ramen ($8) serves with Miso Soup and Salad 
- Small portion, I can eat 2 of those with no problem
- The chasu though is nicely done with a great mix of fat and lean ratio and quite tender
- The noodle has a good bite
- The broth though is a miss as it lacks the savory taste, intense pork flavour and serves not hot enough
- Toppings are minimum... 

I will be back to try Raku as an Izakaya once they get their liquor licence. Maybe their cooked food and sushi/sashimi might be better.

Cash only."
"I had bookmarked Inspire Restaurant since July 2014. And it took me so long till I finally here for dinner.

Saturday Reservation: Either 6:15 or 8:15 pm. We are cool with late dinner as we can take our time without being rushed.

4 Star for what Inspire Restaurant brings to the Markham, a ""Downtown"" quality restaurant in the suburbs. Interesting and unique offerings compares to other in the area.

We ordered a few things to share:

Short Ribs As-Is ($10) - Meh
Wonton Au Gratin ($12) - A-OK
Chicken & Waffle ($16) - A-OK the boneless chicken was so juicy! I love ginger maple syrup too!
The INSP Burger ($15)  Duck Confit Fries (+$4) - Burger was good, Fries were soggy!
Udon Carbonara ($18)

Banana Bread Ice Cream Sandwich ($12) - Best Item of the Night! Banana Me!
Green Tea Chili Cheesecake ($10)

Food is 3 Star in general. Most of them were not too memorable aside from the Banana Bread Ice Cream Sandwich as I have this thing with those mini peanut butter cups!

Service. Service might be the biggest issue of the evening. Waitress no where to be seen when we wanted to order dessert or get our bill. Mind you, the restaurant was almost empty aside from another table. I hate doing that, but I have to yell out and wave one of them down so we can get someone to take our order. The service here is equivalent and remind me of BBT joint. On the other hand, the bus boy was really nice always making sure that our water glasses never empty.

I am happy to have Inspire Restaurant in my neighbourhood. I will probably be back and hopefully the service will be better next time."
"I have never set foot inside this Tim Hortons but I have been using their drive thru services for years.

There is always a line but no worries the service here is just so efficient. My usual order of Sesame Bagel Toasted with Cream Cheese always ready by the time I drive up to the pick up window!

The parking lot though can be super busy as it is shared with a Wendy's and also a lot of commercial vehicles are here including dump trucks as it is close to Scarborough Drop Off depot just down the street.

This location also frequents by police cruisers so don't speed through the parking lot, you never know who would be there around the corner."
"3 star for food and +1 star for value.

$1.98 All dim sum aside from special priced items at Early Bird and Afternoon Tea Special and no charge for tea ($1 for table cloth)

I did not have a high expectation. As seriously, this maybe the CHEAPEST dim sum restaurant in Toronto and Beyond. At this price, I am lucky if the food is served at proper temperature and half decent...

First thing that impressed me is the huge menu! There is the normal traditional item plus some interesting one that not offered in other even higher end restaurants. BTW, yes they have durian pastry at $1.98 too! 

There are almost 60 items on the menu to choose from at $1.98. Picking items can be difficult as there are so many items I want to eat!

We shared:

- Beef Rice Roll
- Har Gow
- Siu Mai
- Steamed Mixed Vegetables with Chinese Herb
- Steamed Squid in Shrimp Sauce
- Braised Beef with Raddish
- Chicken Steamed Bun
- Preserved Egg Congee

There are still other items I wanted to try. And of course I will be back for some good and cheap dim sum.

At this price, of course is cash only."
"I still remember the days when Spadina Bus #77 used to service Spadina Avenue. Yes these buses even inspired a song ""Spadina Bus"" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZnLjRi_g9o.

Now Spadina is serviced by LRT in the form of 510 Spadina Streetcar. What difference from the other streetcar route VS LRT is the right of way so it won't be influence by the flow of automobile traffic. 

I think with the disappearence of the buses, Spadina Ave looks so much open and the flow of traffic so much better. And of course less pollution too because of not running on diesel like buses!

For the 510 streetcar itself.. I found it is so neat to be hiding underneath Spadina Station! 

I don't ride it often so I cannot comment on the frequency aspect but hopefully one day as TTC promise all these old streetcars will be replaced by the newer faster streetcars model."
"I always a fan of Taiwanese dessert as I love the QQ chewiness of taro balls, boba and grass jello and more.

Sweet O'clock has hand made taro balls! Should I be excited?!

Service was definitely missing and rough on the edges. So many things that did not feel right.

One order per person which I can live with as I can share a taro ball dessert with my friend and take a drink home. The serving is quite generous as I doubt I can consider that as a dessert after dinner but more like a meal in itself. Taro Balls did have the great QQ mouth feel but that's really it.

The tray that they have my orders was so wet like dripping in water. I just felt a little gross out to start with. My spoon and napkins were kind of wet too....

I doubt I will be coming back. The search of good Taiwanese dessert continues."
"Dropped by 9Baci for a quick bite on a Monday night to an empty restaurant. 

The service here was fast and friendly even with the one waitress as there was just another table aside from mine.

Moretti though listed as one of the drafts but it was not available but nicely they have Barking Squirrel from Hop City instead. And they were nice enough to give me extra a pint instead of half pint for the same price.. (smile)

Spaghetti Aglio Olio ($9.50) though the portion was smallish but was cooked perfectly al dente. 

I really wanted to try their Pizza Nutella as dessert or even order a pizza as main. I guess I can try those next visit. 

Yes, there will be a next visit!"
"Tasty House is inside the food court of First Markham Place.

Though under  the same name as the one inside Market Village, they are not runned by the same owner and they have separate frequent buyer program so you will have to have 2 different stamped cards. 

There is a little different in prices too, the one at First Markham Place is a little cheaper because there are so many competitive for bubble tea and drinks in this location.

The menu is really similar with the usual HK style tea/coffee, over 20 different flavours for bubble tea with tapiocia which is selling for $2.50, different kinds of fresh fruit ice, smoothies etc. They also serves sweet and meat crepes.

All the drinks are buy 10 get 1 free. The lady at the counter even remind me to stamp my card.

The bubble tea here are not too sweet and really delicious! It does not taste powdery like a lot of other places. The tapicoa is perfect and chewy. yummmmm

BTW, they have this gift card you can get $18 which will give you $20 worth of products if you buy 2 of them. Good deal if you buy drinks here often!

CASH only!"
"If I going to rate Yulla on the food I had this evening.... I would give this place a 2 star or less and recommend people never to go! But I know it is a little unfair.. as I didn't have any cooked food at all, all I had was some sushi..... 

Sushi & Maki Platter ($14.99) with Miso Soup and Salad 
- Shari rice was bland 
- Fish was not fresh and the selections was boring with half of it being Salmon 
- Miso Soup was super salty, I could not even drink that! 

Decoration is nice with high ceiling.. At late night this place probably changed to a lounge or something as there are tons of tables at the back and a piano set up with a mic stand. 

Aside from sushi, there are some cooked Korean/Indian/Japanese dishes. Lunch Specials are not cheap, they are $10 and up for most of the bento boxes... 

I would suggest stay away from their sushi as their quality is in line with AYCE quality.. maybe try ordering the hot dishes instead!"
"I am even surprised myself that I am giving a 4 star to this newly opened Day & Night Angus Steak and Raw Bar. 

Yes this is a Chinese owned and operated steakhouse.... but no there is nothing really Chinese about this business from the decoration, attention to details and good quality of food... maybe the only Chinese thing about this place is it is good value if you are into steak! 

Lovely deco and table setting! Love the booth seats, great degree of privacy and quite romantic with the dim lighting...(suck though if you want to take good photos!) 

There are quite a few 5 course menu starting from $45 (if you are into steak order one of those) or you can order a la carte..... we decided on: 

Set menu ($50) that includes: 
- Welcome Drink: Virgin Pina Colada
- 6 assorted oyster 
good choice of Chef Selections, nicely presented, but the waitstaff just would not explain to me what I am having.... I eat a lot of things, but I sometimes would like to know what I am eating... I  know they are oysters...
- French Onion Soup 
Chicken broth based with browned onions and a touch of cheese. Not salty but have good depth 
- Romaine Heart 
Real bacon bits, dressing on the side 
- 8 oz Angus Beef Tenderloin 
With great selections of veggie on the side... I would suggest the beef to cook rare 
- Tiramisu 
- coffee 
freshly brewed by the cup and served in a warm cup 

BC grilled Salmon ($19) comes with a choice of salad or soup 
- Organic Salad was disappointing as it was like supermarket package salad... soup will be a much better choice. Great selections of dressing on the side.. 
- Salmon was nicely done... cooked and seasoned well with a nice creamy dill sauce, surprisingly not dry or fishy at all 

Services was attentive and polite. Food served hot and fast! 

They have a special after 9 pm when oysters and seafood are for $2 each and the selections are great! 

I think I will be back for some oysters?!! They opens till 1 AM everyday... anyone want a steak at 11 pm uptown, now you know where to go!!"
"Mira is great to have a cocktail or 2 and enjoy small plates and big dessert with a friend or 2. That's what I did!

Corazón Anticucho ($17.00) beef heart + ají panca + jalapeño salsa

Yucca Fries ($9.00) lime huancaina + jalapeño huacatay 

El Huevo Malo ($14.00) coffee ice cream + chocolate ranfañote + honey comb + yuzu marmalade + raspberry 

Pillow Talk ($16) tequila + lemon + grand marnier + agave + sauvignon blanc + lavender

El Demonio ($16) cucumber-jalapeno infused pisco + lime juice + sugar + egg white + bitters

Love the beef heart! But Yucca Fries was disappointing.

The ""famous"" chocolate bomb was ok. The portion was huge as we barely finished that with the 3 of us! I probably would not order that again because of the been that done that factor.

Love the Peruvian Latin inspired cocktails. 

A fun and hip place for a girl's night out or a romantic date. 

You can reserve your table on Opentable and it is opens late! (+0.5)"
"Drinking an Americano using Velvet Sunrise own Colombian bean pulled by Mark made me a FAN.

Well balanced and with good crema. I just wish I can pull such a perfect espresso shot.

So until I can perfect my techniques, I would be dropping by more often for a coffee. And get more equipment and beans to improve my home brewing coffee."
"Scoops Ice Cream is a good neighbourhood ice cream joint at Port Credit. 

Frozen Yogurt? Ice Cream? Gelato? Sherbet? or all the above

In a cup, a cone, milkshake, sundae? They all sounds good!

So good to enjoy a cooling treat on a hot summer day!

Staff is helpful and nice. They might even start making their own ice cream soon!"
"Pho Mi 99 looks a little sketchy from the outside with all the curtains drawn down and the small storefront. I almost want to pass and go somewhere else. But my Friend made me... she has weakness to Pho as I am to sushi so we walked in. 

A busy dining room on a Sunday evening always a good sign. Service here is so fast... we got all our food in less than 5 minutes after we ordered!! 

Special Pho ($7) 
- broth is cleared but flavoured with a hint of herb 
- noodle is the dry varieties but was prepared properly 

Banh Cuon Lua ($5) 
- nice portion for the price 
- pork filling was a little bland but overall was quite good as not too many Vietnamese restaurant as that on their regular menu 

Fast service, decent food and affordable prices made Pho Mi 99 the place to go if you have a craving for Vietnamese food when you are in the area."
"Patio! Patio! Patio!

Astoria Shish Kebob House has one of the nicest patio in Greektown, that alone worth 1 star.

I am a little bias as I don't like Greek food too much.. nothing ever wow me.. they are either too bland or too sweet.. Greek Salad would be the last thing I enjoy eating...

The dip I shared with fellow yelper was meh... and thanks for a nice yelper that gave me a taste of his grilled Calamari which was quite ok.. but my Yelp Drinking Buddy's lamb was just dry and bland...

So I just want a drink.. nothing more...nothing less... on this beautiful patio next time...

Maybe I have to try REAL Greek food?? Probably not in Astoria though!"
"Walk into Cosenza Bakery, you will see racks of baked Italian bread. Help yourself with pick up whatever you want or what you need...

Trust me, you will buy more than you need because you want everything! 

The store is really small... their products are all traditional and you won't find the fancy cakes and pastries here. 

The good old days?"
"Went back to Babu for cheap dinner options.. Sometimes you just want to veg out at home and eat in your PJ.

Got the Half Meal ($4.50) taxes in!! Yes the receipt said they pay the tax for us :).

Buttery Chicken with rice and veggie.

The Buttery Chicken so nice and spicy! Hmmmm Yummmm When I said spicy, trust me is spicy! :) 

The rice is the long grain rice, a little harder than the usual Chinese rice I have.. but I have to say it is perfect with the sauce!

BTW, why not 5 Star... My server was not too friendly, not too interested in my order..and just want to try to get rid of me! Not even a thank you or a smile...

But I will still be back just for the food!"
"I was dripping in sweat while I enjoying my Cappuccino inside Ezra's Pound.... I should have just stay on the patio.. their patio is quite lovely! 

I have no idea that I am at Ezra's Pound as all I saw was sign of some Espresso Institute... 

All I care that my cappuccino was done well and the nice barista with his little son helper deliver my drink to the table with a glass of water... 

At least this location closes at 5 pm... I could never make it in time for their Annex location..."
"Foodwares Market you can say it is located in a perfect location by the subway entrance and exit.. but if you never take the subway, you would never know that it exist! 

It is located on the lower level of the The Bay. It reminds me of a cafeteria that one can get something quick but here what one can get are gourmet food! Thinks fancy Panini, Artisan Bread, Espresso drinks..... 

There are also Gelato, sweet, marcons and biscotti to go with your coffee! 

Plenty of seatings, great place to come for a quick lunch or just hang with your friends. 

There are also a lot of products from SOMA (Mayan Hot Chocolate powder!), O&B baked goodies, Tea Emporium just to name a few!

Gourmet grocery and food with a price to match...but that's what you expect to pay for better things in life!"
"Bark & Fitz Aurora location is bright, nicely decorated with high ceilings.

Stocked with high quality pet supplies and pet food. If you here to shop for your own pets or a friend with pets, you will always find something that they would love to have...

Still cannot get over the pricey shamphoo $22 for a bottle.. more than I would have pay for myself.... But my dog definitely have more hair than me..

Their cookies and treats will always brings smile on your pets and your face...

There are 3 staffs working during the X'mas season and there are a lot of little gifts and stocking stuffers you can get or worse to worse get a gift card and let them pick themselves! (oh I mean the owners)"
"Five Guys Burgers and Fries finally opened up a new location in Scarborough. Now the people in the East end or people that travels only on TTC, can give their burgers a try. 

If you ask me if Five Guys Burgers are all hype? In a way yes.. especially if you are not crazy about pan fried patties. 

I love the open kitchen, you can see all these guys working like a factory assemble lines.. (there were more than 5 guys preparing all the burgers fresh when ordered!) 

Hamburger ($6.49) with grilled onions/mushrooms, jalapeno peppers, Mayo and lettuce 
- Love how you can pick all the toppings and create your own burger..mine is the spicy version usually unless I am sharing it with a friend. jalapeno peppers was really weak tasting... 
- Patties was a little dry since cooked well done and a little bland without any seasonings... some can argue that by doing so, can taste beef in it most primitive form... 

Five Guys' burger is not going to be the burger that I daydreamed about... I love my burger's patties charcoal grilled with seasonings and this thick patties that just cooked medium... pink inside...(not going to find that in Toronto ..so I daydream about it!) 

BTW, your burger might take a little while to get ready.. I guess you can always eat some whole shelled peanuts while you wait!! I hope you are not allergic to nuts!

One big difference between 5 guys chain in US and Toronto, no calories information are posted with the menu... If you see how much calories those little burgers has.. I don't think you would have get your side order of fries with it!!"
"Why are we at Megas Restaurant when fellow yelpers rating this place a 1 to 2 stars?? 

Why we didn't check the reviews on yelp before sitting down?

Why a fanatic yelper and mega planner like me will make a mistake like this?

Anyway, as I thought I would be yelled by some rude Greek waiter and have food and drinks poured on me... but nothing like that happen.....

The Patio is OK, the space a little cramped but has the full view of Danforth great for people watching.

I cannot comment on the food... but the Mythos served in a frosted mug really hit the spot on a hot summer day.. And I got that real fast..no waiting... and the bill came real fast too..

At least I have an A-OK experience... I wouldn't mind coming for a drink or too.. but I might just skip on the food!"
"3.5 star

Rooster Coffee has this nice College vibe which is quite different to the first location on Broadview.

People here are friendly and a lot of them busy on their laptops or preparing for their classes. It might be quite difficult to find an empty seat if you prefer to stay in and enjoy your coffee from a real cup just like me. Lines can be quite long but it does moves fast!

I do love the rustic and cozy decoration and the coffee is quite good too!

I will definitely be back when I am in the area."
"Kinton Ramen the newest Ramen Joint in Toronto. It is always exciting to have new Ramen restaurants in Toronto. 

Will I wait for a hour to eat here?! No... 

How is their Food? Decent... and fulfilling savoury and oily :)

Goya ($3.50) is A OK... but I had better... order this if you are really hungry as the Ramens took forever to arrive!!

Kimchi ($3) totally NOT worth it!! 5 little pieces of kimchi...though has quite a delicate taste

Cheese Ramen with Pork Belly ($10.80)
- I can see the layer of oil film on top of my broth... 
- Pork Belly is smallish.... I think I would try pork shoulder next time
- Surprisingly the Swiss Cheese went really well with the broth... 
- This is just a little heavy on a hot summer day... especially when the restaurant is hot and stuffy!!

My friend has the Shoyu Ramen ($9.80) looks A-OK... especially the soft boiled egg looks deliciously good... 

The noodle itself are cooked al dente...and have a good bite. The broth are all pork based and you have a choice of light and rich. 

I don't mind coming back to Kinton Ramen if I don't have to wait for a table... as I want to try probably the Spicy Garlic or the Miso broth.... and I will try to get a seat near the front of the restaurant as I don't want to smell like pork and sweat like pigs while I enjoy my ramen!"
"Babu, I drove by you all the time.. I never even give you a second look because there are Thai/Vietnamese, Cantonese restaurants, Subways, Second Cup. 

Babu you even tried to deliver me flyers with discount coupon to my mail box thinking I will jump to take advantage of the $5 off. 

Luckily, fellow yelpers show me the light... After reading all these positive reviews, I am so curious.. What makes you so specials?

Saturday at 7:00 PM. The parkings in front of the store are all full.. Really all these people getting take out for a Saturday night? 

There are 2 different lines when you enter the store, one on the left is for  express (bread, cake, sweet) one on the right is for regular order. It is so bright and modern inside. All the stainless steel counters are sparkling clean and a huge open kitchen at the back.

Menus with prices are all in the lighted boxes overhead. There are so many choices! I have so little experience with Tamil dishes, ok this is really my first time I been to one!! I am not good in dealing with choices... All the food are labelled with number of pepper to indicate the degree of spiciness.

I am lucky to have one of their friendly and smiling staffs to the rescue. Shari is so patient! I told him I want something really spicy. He let me tried the Chicken Hakka..hmmm yes... tender and spicy. Then he let me tried the chicken curry ..hmmmmm yes tender and spicy too!
 I decided on the Chicken Hakka Combo for $6.45 that comes with rice and 3 choices of vegetables! Gee I have to choose again?

For rice I decide on brown rice that is a easy choice. However for vegetables there are more than 8 choices: pickled eggplant, creamy eggplant, colland, curry ladyfinger, pea with goat cheese, curry veg, stired fried veg, mushroom in curry... choices choices choices.. Again Shari let me tried anything I have doubts. I like most of them, so I ended up asking him to pick for me!

Then to the 2 big sweet display cases ... What to pick, what are all these!!! They should have label them! I don't know what they are and none of them have names... I ended up asking Shari to pick some for me...

The food I got for under $10 can really feed 2 people!! They all tasted really good! The staffs here are so helpful and friendly. I will definitely be back to try out other food on the menu..

Thanks fellow Yelpers!! I really value all your reviews!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard, Amex and Interac.

There are also daily specials on weekdays."
"Dropped by at 6:30 AM on our way to Ottawa. We were the first one to arrive and they making the coffee when the 1st customer comes in so it will be fresh.

We ordered the 2 eggs 2 sauage breakfast and the bagel with mixed fruits.

The egg sauage breakfast is ok. But the Mixed Fruit is great! Awesome! Wonderful! There are so many different fruits there
- strawsberry
- Kiwi
- Mango
- Red Apple
- Green Apple
- Star Fruit
- Cantuople
- Honey Dew
- Grapes

The presentation is great. This is the only restaurant that I been to that offer all these fresh ones...! This is what I call variety and freshness.. 

It took a long time to arrive though... since they have to cut up the fruits when I place my order.

I wish I can have a fruit cup everyday... it is both delicious and healthy!

The service is friendly and attentive.. My coffee cup always got filled up without asking!

They accepts all credit cards."
"Sometimes some affordable and delicious Chinese food is what I need even when I am travelling.

Wandering around China Town looking for food and Kan Bai nice deco looks promising and the food is quite decent too!

We had the Bamboo Shoot and the Whole Fish in Soy bean sauce both are reasonably priced and portion is perfect to share between 2 people.

Both dishes have enough spicy and flavour without being overwhelming. 

Kan Bai is a great option if you have craving just like me for some Northern Chinese food in Montreal."
"Burrows Hall Public Library is located in the same complex at the Chinese Cultural Centre. 

The librarians here are one of the most helpful and patient ones I encountered. The lady that help me renew my library card reminds me of my mother, trying to explain to me every single details (how long I can sign out books, how I can renew them.....) while a line was building up behind me......

The library was smallish but it has a lot of plugs near the few communal work tables so great if you want to charge your laptop while using the free Wifi.

I was a little disappointed with their Chinese language books collection since I expected that they will have a bigger collections with the Chinese Cultural Centre right next door."
"Nice little bakery inside J-Town complex. 

Bakery Nakamura offers Western pastries with a Japanese twist. So the cakes here are really light and not too sweet. I would not feel guilty after eating one or two of them. +0.5 star

The Rare Cheesecake ($4.50)  is so light and fluffy,  taste more like a mousse or angel food cake with a distinct lemony flavours. There are even little bit and pieces of lemon peels inside. 

You can actually watch them baking all their bread and pastries from scratch in their open kitchen.

PS according to their signs all their products are chemical free, that is so good to know!"
"Pho Tai Bac is a good option if you want to have some decent Vietnamese food in the area. 

Bun Bo Hue was good! I like that they really have all the toppings including blood pig cube. I would come back for that and of course now Katelyn T mentioned Banh Cuon!! Hopefully it would be available next time when I visit!

Service was fast and friendly. 

Note to owner: please kindly wipe the washroom doors.. it has hot sauce and other yucky stuff on it."
"This is the first ever Pita Land I ever been to and it won't be the last.

Service was fast and efficient. And so many condiments and toppings to choose from! 

I loaded my chicken shwarma with all these fresh toppings and made that into a big meal. Frankly the chicken was a little dry but the toppings did help a lot.

Staff here is super friendly and full of energy. Tables were also wiped down constantly."
"3.5 Star

Disclaimer: I am not into rolls with a lot of mayo or any dressing. So I have yet to try those ""Special"" rolls at Hub Sushi.

Lunch Special at around $12 is reasonable priced with the quantity of food. Checking in at Facebook scored me a free tempura which was really good.

Sushi Lunch (8 pc of sushi and 3 pc of tuna roll and 3 pc of salmon roll)
- The fish selection was good as there was variety 
- If they would have the pieces with sauce plated separately, it would be much better
- Maki rolls were badly made and the seaweed was really soggy

The complimentary tea was really tasteless like plain boiling water. Maybe they should just taste the tea before serving to customers.

Service was excellent and attentive. My waitress was really nice and has a great smile.

Hub Sushi is great if you are looking for a non traditional sushi restaurant experience. They serves interesting rolls and portions are great. 

I will be back to try out other items on the menu."
"Fv Foods used to be D'Roltz http://www.yelp.ca/biz/d-rollz-toronto#hrid:hb8NVq7Xcj8kOyKiPwfZIg/src:self, oh how I miss D'Roltz.

Frankly, Fv Foods looked closed! One cannot see inside of the tainted windows and the OPEN sign is not On?!  

Ube everything here: milk candies, cakes, paste, ice cream, rice cake.. oh and other Filipino goods too... 

There is also a hot table with Filipino food... looking quite fresh and delicious.

You have a choice to enjoy the food inside the store as there are a few tables set up for your dine in pleasure."
"Don Mills Subway Station is my default station whenever I go downtown for my Yelp adventure.

I know it is a hassle to change train to Yonge Subway line at Yonge and Sheppard. But free parking from 9:30 AM is a no brainer for me if I need to go downtown for lunch... Finch Station though more convenient but free parking is not until after 3 pm! 

Of course, Don Mills has covered parking, this is good for both summer and winter as my car would never be boiling hot or covered in a blanket of snow.

Being right next to Fairview Mall also really convenient if you want to do some shopping or just get a coffee or a quick bite!"
"Bento Boy is a new addition to Shoppes of The Parkway's food court. 

I had the Pork tenderloins ribs Ramen ($8.95). There was a lot of ribs. Maybe a little overload as those can be a little heavy. A little more noodle instead would have balanced out this bowl of noodle. The vegetables tasted a little awkward and out of place.

The pricing is simple with almost all items priced at $8.95 with option of upgrading to include a  pop/tea/water for $0.50. 

This is more an Asian Fusion Hong Kong Style Cafe take on food. You cannot really compares to Kinton or Sansotei which is a real sit down ramen place with just $2 more a bowl."
"I have been back numerous time since my review more than 4 years ago.

My work always host our annual dinner here on the Saturday over Father's Day weekend. Even with our group of over 15 with a full restaurant, our food has always been good and service excellent.

Grilled Veal Chop, New York Striploin, Filet Mignon under $30 all cooked perfectly medium rare. 

Coconut Shrimp and Calamari still my favourite appetitizers.

And of course dessert.

Sour Apple Martini at $7? after all these years definitely a deal."
"Love the interesting architectural details of Scarborough Civic Centre Branch! 2016 Winner of Design Excellence Award handed out by the Ontario Association of Architects.

Love the glass windows and the spacious interior. This is probably the best designed TPL in the Scarborough area.

3D printing with seminar sessions available as Intro to 3D printing and if you want to use 3D printer independently, there is a 3D printer Certification that you need to attend.

Metered parking right in the front. But walking distance from Scarborough Town Centre."
"CIBC must be paying quite a bit to Toronto Pearson Airport Authority to be the exclusive banking service inside YYZ.

Convenient as a traveler if you need some last minute currency exchange for emergency cash on hand. But you would not be happy with the exchange rate, which is higher than if you charge your foreign purchase on their credit cards even with the 2.5% extra.

If you are a CIBC customer, you can do a debit from your account towards the foreign cash you purchasing. 

I would just purchase what necessary but not more. 

Staff is friendly and eager to help!"
"When I saw the business sign saying NOODLE, and I know I want to have some fresh pulled noodle!

Noodle Legend is quite hidden in a little plaza and you can even barely see the store front when you drive by. The plaza looks sketchy with a massage parlor at one end and I kind of expect Noodle Legend would be like a hole in the wall. When I walked in, I was surprised to find that it is chic, spacious and clean!!

Noodle, that's the only thing you can find in the menu and some cold appetizers. 

Go ahead, order a bowl with a small for $6.99 and large $7.99 which is good value as the small is quite good a portion for lunch. 

Hand Pulled Noodle Soup with Braised Beef ($6.99) 
The beef is soft and tender. The noodle cooked al dente with a good bite. The soup is not overly spicy so if you prefer spicy, ask for extra spicy! 

I definitely would be back for more noodle: Potato Noodle with Spicy Soup in Clay Pot sounds good?

BTW, Arizona Green Tea in a can cost the same $2.50 as a Budweiser/Coors Light/Canadian? Maybe I would have a beer next time too.

Cash Only"
"I am confused! How many stars is Hapa Izakaya? How many stars should I give in order to be fair?

5 Star and up - Edwin's UYE and all these wonderful people sharing some good times together 

3.5 Star - great drink menu and love all those Japanese cocktails options which are quite unique, but the mixed drinks definitely on the weak side 

4 Star - for services and friendliness of the staffs and waitress wearing great outfits according to the male yelpers

4 Star - for the set up of the space, good enough lighting when you want to take a good photo! :)

But the food... the Omakase ($29/pp)Tasting Menu... was a little letdown. Nothing really wow me or too memorable.

As stated for the Omakase is for 4 to share and have 11 courses... I am ok with sharing and I love sharing.. But curiously a lot of the dishes are not really portioned for 4 people!! How can I divide 6 pieces of Shrimp or Fried Chicken or Tuna Sashimi between 4... Especially when you are sharing with dinner mates that always looking at you with hungry eyes and kept saying ""hungry"".

1)  Edamame - A-OK nicely marinated, but a small bowl for 4 to share?! 

2)  Tuna Avocado Salad with Plantain Chips - A-OK 

3)  Beef Tataki - Nicely seared went well with the sauce

4) Tuna Sashimi - 6 good pieces but for 4 of us... we are fighting for the last 2 pieces!

5) Ebi Mayo - 6 shrimps.. tasty, we are fighting for the extra pieces

6) Beef Short Ribs - Savory and quite tender.. good portion

7) Negitoro - Chopped Albacore tuna belly, spring onions and  toasted garlic bread, size of a meatball... ended up we had a teaspoonful each. A waste of Negitoro, too mushy, too saucy... 

8) Renkon Gyoza Tempura - A-OK! Light batter result in a really light and dedicate taste.. but 6 pieces again?!         

9) Halibut Tacos - Asian fusion tacos so tasty... with a kick of spice too! One of the best dish for the night

10)  Ishi-Yaki (raw pork/ egg in hot stone bowl) - The hot bowl need to be more sizzling..the rice never got crispy and it is just kind of mushy and wet

11) Chicken Kara-age- 6 pieces again?! Great fried chicken... we are fighting for the last 2 with our chopsticks! 

12) Yaki Udon - definitely is a meh, the chicken pieces inside looks like leftover scrap and I can stir fried a better version! Salty is all I remembered! 

I feel a little incomplete after the 12 dishes.. No I am not hungry but I think if they going to have it as tasting menu, the last item should be some sweet. 

If you have picky eater/special diet requirements, I definitely recommend just order dishes off the menu. More flexibility and not every single item on the tasting menu might be appealing for you.

I am glad that able to sample the tasting menu and got to try a lot of the dishes on Hapa's. Since it is relatively new, hopefully down the road there will be some daily fresh items and the tasting menu can incorporate the special of the day too.

I definitely will be back here for a drink or 2!

3.5 star with room for improvement!"
"Came here for lunch with 2 hungry Yelp Friends and their agenda of course is Meat! Pancer's Deli does have enough meat to make them both satisfied!

My Deli Burger ($12.99) is a little on the dry side and bland, but luckily the tasty Pastrami topping saved the day. I know a meat topping on a meat? The freshly cut fries though was tasty and I didn't feel guilty at all eating them!

I tried a bit of the Roast Beef my Yelp friend ordered, it is disappointingly dry and chewy. Tips: stay away...

Reuben Sandwich for sure must be good as I saw my CM chowed that down in record time, maybe he forgot we are not doing a food challenge for this lunch meet?

Service here is excellent! Friendly and attentive. Better than any Deli I been to!!

Pancer's Deli Emporium is a friendly deli for a lunch with your meat loving friends when you are in the area!"
"CLOSED

Dumpling Restaurant's http://www.yelp.ca/biz/dumpling-restaurant-scarborough 2nd location just opened up in Markham.

This used to be another restaurant that closed down due to competition and lack of businesses... Great to have Dumpling Restaurant moves in as they still keeps their pricing and menu selection as their Scarborough location.

Dumplings.. Dumplings... Dumplings... for $4.99 but for a hot day 35C, I opted for the Korean Buckwheat Cold Noodle ($5.99).

Sizable, Nice and Refreshing..... 

Dumpling Restaurant not only bring their good dumplings and noodles up from Scarborough.. but even their slightly sticky floors, tables and chopsticks..maybe that's their trademarks!"
"3.5 Star

I like how Ci Gusta! offers a choice of 10 different  flavour in either gelato/sobert/yogurt.

I would definitely go for the gelato, it might not be the healthiest choice but I prefer the smoothness and richness both in texture and taste.

Coconut Gelato was delicious with shredded coconut mixed right in! 

There might not be as many toppings to choose from than other self served fro yo place.

They also serves waffles, crepes and even a daily soup (it was Baked Potato soup which the friendly staff wanted to offer me a free taste too!)

Plenty of seating both indoor and outdoor. 

I would be back for more gelato for sure!"
"Where is Cold Tea? 

Even with some detailed instruction from Martin S, we still almost miss this place. After walking down this deserted lane way to the end and there were not sight of anything until I started to put my ear closed to a door and heard some fainted whispers and music...  

This is much easier than a lot of other Speakeasy I been to that required calling a special number at a certain time to make a reservation or you need a special code to get in or it is behind an unmarked door in a busy restaurant.

There is no menu at Cold Tea. You can just request your favourite cocktail here and trust the skill of the bartenders or you can tell them what you feel like drinking: sweet, sour, strong, fruity, rum, vodka or they will make something for you.

We just tried one of their cocktails and it was well crafted and deliciously balance! 

If you are not a cocktail drinker, not to worry as there are beers to choose from!

Cold Tea has collaborated with other area restaurants hosting backyard BBQs on various weekends during summer! 

Beer, Patio and BBQ always a wining combination!"
"I was planning to fly Porter Airlines from Sudbury to Toronto.. my first experience with Porter Airlines.

However, I cannot review the actual flight itself because my flight got cancelled due to heavy fog. No planes are landing or taking off the whole day.. This is NYE, and all of us here at the airport just want to go home.

Porter Airlines decided to hire a bus for the travellers that willing to take the 5 hour bus ride down or they can rebook you to the next available flight the day after.

The passengers that are willing to take the bus were given a $10 voucher for meals in the airport and 53 of us all got bus down to Toronto.

Though it took us 5 and half hour and 4 stops for the driver....seems like she been drinking too many coffees. we finally arrive Union Station close to 8 pm.

I am happy how Porter Airlines handle the situation, as the last thing I want to be is stuck in Sudbury for NYE.... and though I don't really want to take the bus as it is not really fault that the plane could not fly because of the weather.

Now I have to try actually flying Porter's plane in order to write a real review!"
"Frida Brow Bar is a natural, luxurious brow shaping and facial hair removal concept that uses the ancient, time-honored threading technique. 

It is located in one of the Kiosks inside Vaughan Mills facing Hockey Life.

For $10 you can have your eye brow shaped, which is quite reasonable and it takes around 15 minute or so.

The location is a little awkward as you are really in the middle of the aisle and there are shoppers walking around while you went through the ""hair removal"" treatment. I secretly hope no one saw me in tears and sweat while my brow getting threaded.

The girl might try to sell you facial products and can be quite persistent. 

Just make sure to get a frequent customer card and you can get a free treatment after your 10th!"
"I love trying beers that are brewed in small batches and Beer Academy conveniently located near the Yonge/Queen Subway is a prefect place for me to just have a flight!

Though Beer Academy is really owned by Molson and promoting mainly Creemore beer (which is readily available at your neighbhourhood LCBO outlets), they though carries some microbrewed in house beers that you able to get it as a sampler, pint and even a growler to go.

What they are on taps are change regularly so depends on the season, you might able to sample different style of beers. Check their website or their twitter feeds to see what they have to offer.

The staffs here are super friendly and able to give you recommendations. Love those tasting card that have the full description of ingredients, styles and characters. Definitely enhanced the whole tasting experience.

Beer Academy is a great place to hang out with your beer loving friends to have a pint or 2 or even come for a time out alone!"
"Red bean filled waffle cake in the shape of a fish?

Bungeoppang 

I saw that in Korean grocery stores and oh they tastes so good especially when they are freshly made. And you probably saw it at Toronto a la cart at Yonge and Finch. http://m.yelp.ca/biz/kims-%C3%A0-la-cart-north-york

Red Bean Waffle House, a newly opened Korean pastry and snack place is run by the same people of the only successful food cart program by City of Toronto.

Open 6 days of week and they really prefected this snack. The outlayer always crispy, inside stuffed with red bean and just the ultimate comfort food.

6 for $5 I almost started eating them before I got home... and trust me, I could have eaten all of them myself! 

There are also Korean snacks like rice cake, squid, pancakes, dumplings available. You have a choice of eating in at a small bar area or to go."
"RESO definitely worth a solid 3 star if it is cold and freezing and snowing or raining outside... 

Great place to get lost... Gee, why am I going around in circle... I just want to walk South.... Don't follow me, I am lost!!

The stores can get a little boring if you are into shopping,,,.. I just want to have a break from the freezing cold

I end up just going back on the street... just walk South, a little cold but at least I find my way back to the hotel."
"An actual vineyard and a winery just 10 min drive from Markham? It is hard to believe that there is actually a vineyard and a winery up in Stouffville! 

Willow Springs Farms & Winery has 11 acre of vineyard and winery that produced decent Red, White, Rose and Ice wine. They are all reasonable priced starting at $6 a bottle! 

The winery includes a wine tasting bar for you to have a taste of every single products they carries before you make your purchase! 

We ended up have a free tasting of: 

2007 Ice wine ($25) - not bad at that price point but cannot really compare to the one at Niagara On The Lake. 

2008 Awesome Blossom ($12) - a Rose with a fruity taste, more of a summer wine. And it is named after the winery owner's dog Blossom.. :) 

2007 Barrel Fermented Chardonnay ($16) - I always a fan of Chardonnay, a more complex taste of oak and a hint of fruity taste 

The staff here is friendly and knowledgeable making this a pleasant shopping and wine tasting experience! :P 

The gift store also have carries handicrafts, honey, dips and decors beside wines. 

BTW, there is a big hall overlooking the vineyard if one interested in having a banquet or a wedding here... I feel like I am in Napa Valley or something!"
"My experience of YUL is based on transiting through from YYZ domestic to International flight.

The International departure area is surprising nice with a lot of fairly new restaurants and stores. Even the 2 lounges I visited Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge and National Bank Lounge are clean, spacious and new.

Duty Free store, The Loop is nicely set up with good selection and decent pricing.

A brewery pub! Several sit down restaurants and takeout places if you are hungry."
"Analog Coffee inside Calgary Farmer's Market is probably the busiest stalls! But definitely worth your while if you are craving for some good coffee to start your day!

Here coffee is taken seriously and with respect. You can pick during brewing method and beans and be fancy or just a coffee?

Americano is balanced without being too fruity. Cappuccino has a perfect milk froth.

Worth the wait if you are a coffee geek!"
"My first and ever Tim Hortons' review!! 

I have nothing against Tim Hortons...but I have not have one for more than 2 years! Why am I here this afternoon drinking a XL coffee with cream only and having a chocolate glazed donut? oh now I remember why... a nice yelp friend gave me his ""Roll Up the Rim to Win""' prizes!!

Freaking line up... with 10 guys in front of me... all working in the factories and offices in the area...... They all having their coffee to go... 

The to stay ones are seniors...no students parking themselves with their laptops or studying or doing their homework... Now definitely this is not my scene... I ended up having mine to go too... :)

Server was polite and friendly... and when he asked me what size for my FREE coffee!!  of course XL!!!"
"This is the ONLY Tim Hortons in the Markham area that has a Cold Stone Creamy... so you can imagine how busy it is when Tim Hortons has the special $2 for their ""Love"" it Size!

When I got there, the line was long!! I have 15 people in front of me waiting to order one of those ice cream.... But surprising the staffs were all cheerful and the line moved really fast!

Since it shares the same parking lot as Foody Mart, the traffic can be bad on the weekend. There is though a small designated parking area just for the Tim Hortons' patrons... or you can even order through drive thru for your ice cream and coffee fix!!"
"I don't know why? But every dishes I ordered from Dong Kee tonight made me feel like having some ice cold beer?!

Maybe it is the fresh from the wok vibe? Maybe it is the atmosphere? Just maybe all the dishes I ordered has this saltiness.. but in a good way?

Dong Kee really reminds me of an authentic Hong Kong eating experience: the smell, the noise, the hustle. The dishes here starts from $5.95, portions are small in a good way, because I ended up ordering more dishes and able to try out more things on the menu.

Fried Fish in Teriyaki Sauce ($5.95) - so crispy you can even eat the bones!
Vegetables in Hot Pot ($6.95)
Taiwanese Stir Fried ($5.95) - good with beer!
Sirloin Steak with Garlic ($9.99)

All nicely done, hot and savoury.... Where is my BEER!!?

Dong Kee for sure is not a romantic restaurant to impress your date, but is a great place to come with a bunch of friends for a midnight or after party snack since it closes at 4 AM everyday!!

BTW, the fish tank at the back are packed with lobster, eels, crabs and fish.... Dong Kee full name is really Dong Kee Seafood Restaurant.. When you order your seafood, it is as fresh as it can get.. 

Anyone up for a midnight snack?"
"I don't give a business 1 star that often. As I believe there must be something good in everything. However, Win's Seafood Restaurant makes me feel like giving them not 1 star but 0 star! I will never go back there to eat for sure!

Win's Seafood Restaurant used to be an AYCE Japanese restaurant and then it becomes an AYCE Hot Pot.  Not much changes as they kept the same layout with little renovation done. The built in hot pot stove still on our table.

The menu items they offer are quite unique. Not the usual dishes as other Cantonese restaurants. There are also tanks of fresh seafood of fish, lobster, crabs and shrimps where you can order by lbs.

The restaurant was quite busy when we arrived on a Sunday 9 pm. Almost all tables were filled. We got seated promptly. we decide to order 3 dishes:

- mushroom with diced sirloin beef
- mixed veggie with fresh soy and mushroom
- Sunny Chicken

The only dish tasted good was the veggie dish because it is the only one that is not burnt!! The beef was so dried and some of the mushroom was black. This dish cost $14!! and it is one of the worst food I have for a long long time...

The chicken. It was charred in some of the pieces. I complained to the waitress right away. She said those are just black bean sauce, not burnt... ok so we tried eating it.. yes the chicken is burnt, dried and tasted bitter. I told her I know how burnt tasted like! I asked to speak to the manager but he just ask the waitress to tell us that it is the way it suppose to be! For sure I am not eating that! They offer to replace with the same dish.. I really don't have faith in anything that comes out from this kitchen anymore, I just ask them to cancel the order.

When I asked for the bill, and the total comes to $30, so I left $40 waiting for the change. I wait and wait then finally ask where is my change? The waitress said I never pay any money! Gee! And then she asked me who I gave it to?!! Of course one of the staffs took our money... Then after looking around for awhile, they finally found my $40.

Lousy food! Bad and Unfriendly Services!

I don't think I will be back again!"
"Located in Pusateri Food Hall which is really conveniently if you want to stay in the PATH especially during the winter.

Thanks for the Yelp App check in for bonus seaweed! 

Love my Ahi Tuna bowl! There was so much tuna and they were fresh and well seasoned! Sadly the sushi rice was NOT good. Hard and dry!  

Maybe just pick another carbs? But I love my sushi rice. Hopefully they would improve on that and this will be a perfect bowl of Poke!"
"My goal of trying all the non Franchised Burger continues...

Craft Burger for sure is A-OK on my list.

They really take their time to prepare their burgers even in a practically empty restaurant on a Sunday afternoon, it took over 10 minutes...

Love the charcoal marks on the meat, yes it has this nice rustic taste too. Love the idea of the patties are make with Ontario AAA beef... perfect eat locally ideology!

The meat is on a little bland and dry side but is is not bad. This is one of the place which I really enjoy the bun. Fluffy crest with load of seasame seeds. BTW maybe a Spicy Craft Burger may spice up the experience a little.

Definitely prefer sitting in the communal table in the middle of the store than those tables on the side with ugly plastic red chairs looking into the empty panelled wall..."
"I love Mildred's Temple Kitchen brunch but I don't think I love them enough to wait more than 30 minutes for the experience on a Sunday.

Get the Mrs. Biederhof's Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes! It is one of the fluffiest pancakes I ever put in my mouth. Just like pillows! I love Scones & Biscuits as you can order one each. 

Boozy drink I had was really boozy... I left in such a happy mood.

Service was top notch and our waiter was so friendly and efficient.

OK, Maybe I would come back again for brunch. Or maybe just make a reservation on a weekday for lunch and skip all the agony."
"2.5 star 

Pho Trend really needs to work on their identity. The menu has this mixture of Vietnamese and Cantonese food. 

Pho Trend might be like a lot of restaurants nowadays is they want to have this huge menu that offers everything but nothing is good enough or outstanding enough to worth people to come for repeat visit.

We ordered:

Special Pho Large ($6.99)
- Portion is really good for the price
- Soup though is not hot enough
- The soup based lacked the complex taste of herbs, really one dimensional

Vietnamese Style Laksa Noodle Soup Small ($6.49)
- Really light curry broth, similar to Singapore laksa but lack the coconut milk and the intense flavour
- It supposed to be a house special, chef recommendation but it really not executed well
- broth lacks flavours, noodles overcooked

Spring Rolls ($3.99)
- Too much taro in the filling and taste just too mushy...
- Chinese egg roll paper used instead

Almond Paste Soup (complimentary dessert) was a nice touch, but instant almond paste that I can make at home and way too gluey....

Pho Trend is relatively new and hopefully it will improve over time. Nice decoration, friendly services but the food is just disappointing."
"Things Japanese carries assortment of authentic Japanese products. 

So much fun to browse around and everything here is just so delicate. Love the tablewares and they even have tea sets for the tea ceremony.

Friendly shop owner also gave me good tip that if I forgot getting any gifts or souvenirs after my trip to Japan, I can always come by and pick up some. Good idea especially I love travelling light! I doubt my friends would have notice the different :) as Things Japanese has their goods shipped from Japan anyway!"
"2.5 star 

Shoubu Japanese Restaurant is a Korean owned Japanese restaurant that serves both Japanese and Korean cuisine. 

They do have lunch specials till 3 pm for $10 and up which includes a salad and a miso soup. 

Sushi Platter ($11)
- Mixed Spring Salad was nicely presented and with a light dressing, which I found it was a step up from other places I been +0.5 
- The sushi was a little disappointing. Since the fish was thinly cut and there was no wasabi inside the sushi itself!! 
- I just so not used to having sushi that does not have wasabi inside, personally for good sushi, the amount of wasabi should be decide by the sushi chef depends on what kind of fish and to the proportion of rice 
- Fish selection is a little boring mostly Salmon... 
- The California Roll was nicely done 

Shoubu Japanese Restaurant though small but nicely decorated. But I don't think i will be back for their sushi... maybe for other Korean dishes? 

They accept Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"When you have short hair like me, you would have to find a place that is affordable and able to give out a good cut without any fuss, since I need mine trimmed every 4-6 weeks.

Salon on Brimley is the one for me! Andy is the hair dresser there, he has good techniques and really patient with the customers. The price for cut and wash for short hair is $23.

 I been recommending my friends to get their hair cutted there and they all really happy. 

They do provide Japanese hair straightening services.. They cost around $300... I cannot comment on that since I never need that services. But seems like it is their bread and butter. (I have straight hair and I want mine to be wavy...)"
"3.5 Star

I did not have too much expectation for King Huang Restaurant, especially during lunch special. Most of the items on the menu from $5.99. But I got to pick what kind of tea I drink, I have this huge bowl of complimentary soup of the day!

Beef Noodle ($6.99) was decent in portion. Nothing too amazing but quite good. 

I would not hesitate coming back again to King Huang for lunch or even dinner if I want to have some cheap eat.

Service also fast and efficient. 

And if you want to have a taste of wok hay, the essence of Cantonese cooking, you might want to give King Huang a try."
"Rice Rolls Rules!!

Love the Daily Special Combo for $5.99. Really good deal.

I ended up ordering Plain Rice Rolls and Minced Beef Congee. I found the congee so so but love the rice rolls. Great texture silky but bouncy mouth feel. Made fresh when order!

Definitely will be back for those yummy rice rolls and I love the different varieties."
"If you want to have some authentic home cooking of Szechuan or Northern Chinese, the Old House is the place I would recommend.

However, if you are eat spicy food, this is NOT the restaurant for you!!

Yes this is the restaurant that will makes your lips numb, you cough like crazy and you have to drink tons of water while the wait staffs smiling at you!

This restaurant serves one of the most spicy ""water cook"" dishes, that water is hot chilli oil with tons of chilli pepper and peppercorns that explore in your mouth!

The interior is small, the tables are packed together. At least now they installed a new Air Conditioning and ventilation system. You won't smell like hot chili pepper after you eat here! 

Service is fast and efficient! And a good chance for you to practice your Mandarian! :)

Prices are reasonable, portions are big. I was full eating the Szuechan Cold Noodle ($4.99). It is mixed with cucumber with hot chili sauce and a hint of peanut sauce. Perfect spiciness for me!

Cash only! no lunch specials!"
"Calabria Bakery always the place to go when I want to get some home made Italian food, bread or pastries when I am in the area.

They used to located right at the corner of McCowan and Hwy 7 and now they moved further East closer to Markham Road.

The new location is a little smaller.... but they did a great job in bring some of the decor and the atmosphere from the previous location.

Cappuccino ($3.50) is on the milky side compare to what I prefer but not bad.

It was a nice place to hang out with your friends on a Sunny afternoon....... or maybe grab a quick lunch or a loaf of Ciabatta?

Btw, this location doesn't bake their bread on site.... but have them shipped from the location in Scarborough."
"So what am I doing when I am not on a Hot ""Yoga"" Date practising yoga and be Zen or eating Ethiopian veggie platter like baby food?...ommommmm 

I am feasting on Meat! To be precise Smoking Hick's BarBQ of Ribs, Pulled Pork and Beef Briskets.. done their way.. which definitely better than my way.. 

Smokin Hick's BarBQ is straightly a takeout joint... as the interior is set up in a way that you know you have no option but take it somewhere else to eat.. no tables... just bare walls...and the food your ordered would be all packed to go.. but where to eat? 

1/2 Rib and Beef Brisket ($16.25) with South Carolina Vinegar and Pepper Sauce choice of side and a buttermilk biscuit 
- Just sinful to look at how the beef brisket is soaked in oil and sauce... sinfully delicious.. as it is soft and tender.. 
- When I opened up the box to see this huge dried looking rib.. I felt like whining and complaining..but trust me, it was just cooked perfectly.. as I rip the ribs apart with my bare hands... 
- the sauce which is sour and tangy compliment the heaviness of the protein.. while I watch my yelp buddy dipping every single ribs and enjoying the flavour.. 

The Smokin Hick Pulled Pork Sandwich ($7) with Sweet Kanas City BBQ sauce 
- Slices of homemade bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato and onion 
- Pulled Pork is nice and tender... not dry or chewy at all 
- The tomato based BBQ sauce is sweet and tangy at the same time 
- The fatty bacon does give the whole sandwich extra flavour 

There are a lot of different choices of how you can dressed up your BBQ meat sandwiches at Smoking Hick's.. Greek, New Orleans, Mexican, Philly style.. 

The server/cashier was really cheerful, helped me with the selections and gave advice of the different BBQ sauces they offer... All their sides are ""homemade""... where is this HOME?"
"It is NOT easy to find a Italian restaurant in the Scarborough area! Having Joey Bravo is really a breath of fresh air in the jungle of Asian restaurant.

Went there for lunch in the afternoon.. the place is empty and they do have a nice patio outside if you do want to sit there for lunch.

The bread basket was left on my table even before I order.. Those bread was so so good... I can eat the whole thing by myself.. :) I did almost eat the whole thing, I have to ask the waiter to take it away... :)

Though Joey Bravo has a lunch menu, however the prices are the same as dinner but just that the lunch menu is more limited in selections!

I decided on the Regular Penne in Spicy Tomato Sauce ($11). The pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce have tons of garlic inside.. though not spicy but really have a nice kick in the taste. Though not the best value when compare to the lunch specials in the area, but it is refreshing to different things for lunch for a change!

The service is friendly and attentive. 

I will definitely be back again for lunch and enjoy some quiet time.

They accepts all credit cards."
"Free Fresh Popcorn +0.5 star

I think there is confusion with the set up with this Green Grotto Tea Room compares to others. 

I walked in on a Tuesday afternoon before the High School Students in the area arrive, so the place was empty. There was no one greeting me or anyone in the dining room area to tell me should I have a seat or should I order at the cash at the front area?

Apparently, they have a 15% off for takeout order and if you choose the dine in option, you won't get the discount but you will have your buckets of popcorn.

Hot Formosa Bowl ($6.99) looks so good and pretty in the menu. But when the waitress served that to me this huge bowl of black muddy thing, I almost want to say I did not order that!! Portion is huge with no complaints but the jello was a little hard not silky but I do love those black QQ balls, so chewy.

Munching on popcorn and reading magazines and right at 3:30 pm, 10 High School Students came in and all tables ordered the same bowl, so I guess it is quite popular.

Will I be back? Maybe. As there is not many other options in the immediate area. I will probably stay away from ordering ""real"" food as there is more a ""fast"" food place."
"Noble Seafood is the newest restaurant that specializes in high end Cantonese cuisine. 

I love the brand new decoration. You won't even recognized the previous business Fung Lam Court. And the brand new menu. I hope you like sea cucumber, bird nest, shark fin for menu for 2....

We ordered a la carte instead.

Daily Double boiled Soup 水鴨燉湯($10) 
House Special Poached Chicken 貴妃雞 ($16/half)
Stir Fried Groupa with Veggie 菜遠黃旗班球($30)

The food all tasted good. Good ingredients and preparations. The taste is clean and fresh.

The complimentary dessert though was poorly executed. And even for someone that does not have a sweet tooth, I found them bland and watery.

Dim Sum Special daily with Early Bird Special till 11 am.

Hopefully they would have more set dinner special, what they offers now just a little too rich for me as my usual spot for casual dinner."
"I know I should not eat alone that often?! 

I really want to try out JaBistro's Tasting Menu ($55). On their website, there is no where it is stated that in order to enjoy that, one cannot come here by alone... get a date, get a friend... which I should have. I was sad and disappointed when I was informed that I have to order off the regular menu.

I ended up ordering Aburi ($27) which was really good. I even enjoy my mackerel!! I would order that again. 

Green Tea Puff ($10) which was also excellent. Nicely plated, tasted as good as it looks!

I cannot comment on the cooked food and I only able to sample 2 items on the menu but overall aside from the misunderstanding with the Tasting Menu's situation, I do enjoy what JaBistro offers.

I guess I might go back and have some more sashimi and sushi."
"Kula in Annex is another Yoga Studio that I visit with my Passport to Prana card!

I went on Sunday at 3:00 for the restorative class.
I really like the way they run the class as they limit the class to 15 people (so make sure you arrive early to secure a spot!) We have all the props our little heart desire (3 blankets, 1 round bolster, 1 square bolster, strap, blocks and eye pillow!)

Since the class size is limited we have all the space we needed and attention from the teacher.

The music they used were excellent, more modern and hip... but the same time calming and relaxing.

There are 2 showers and 2 toilets in the change room. Being Eco hand towels are used instead of paper towels to dry your hand.
Floor are cork floorings .

They have special for 1st timer $30 for 30 days. I would definitely go back in the new year and take advantage of this offer!!

PS When you fill out the wavier form, please put down your birthday! They will email you and remind you to come and take advantage of a free class on the date of your birthday! That is excellent customer services! I am going back next Sunday again for a free class.. YAY!"
"Having breakfast at Annie's Kitchen is just eating at home.

If you looking for a wholesome home cook breakfast in Stouffville's Main Street area, there is no other better choice than Anne's.

The best part is Breakfast Special with a Free Coffee  ($5.95) is good till 11 am. So I can still sleep in and take advantage of the special. 

Ingredients here is fresh and coffee from Velvet Sunrise just down the street."
"I just love to go to ""I don't know where I am going to eat"" food crawl. 

Soup Nutsy have so many soup choices and just thinking for to order just makes my head spin... and my Yelp Eating Friend has no choice but to line up, pick the soup, pay for it.. and screwed up the order.....

Busy playing with my Yelp App.. checking in and uploading photo.. no idea what kind of soup I was eating..but really so so creamy..and wondering if my YEF wants to make me fat.. 

Should have come after 3 pm for Specials? Why we not doing that?? 

Why YEP kept mumbling that why soup so expensive? Why there's a line up? Why I picked 2 breads as a side? 

Why, I don't really know?!"
"2.5 star

I chowed down a High Priest ($8.99) in record time... Not because it is the best burger I had... I just want to make sure the grease and oil not going to drip everywhere or just become solid if I take my time...

There was no lines... no one waiting on a weekday afternoon at Burger's Priest. I don't really understand why would there be 20 people lining up for a burger?? For me the burger still a 2 star... the extra 0.5 is for no waiting and I got to sit down with AC and enjoy my burger... Much better than The Beach location.

Damn!! $10.16 tax in for my Burger Priest's Big Mac version burger... with no fries or drinks... definitely not worth the wait or the price!"
"Lunch Special from $4.50-$5.00 tax in that includes a drink/soup?!

I really don't understand how they able to make a profit with this prices. 

Canton Kitchen is located inside Chartwell Mall's food court and possibly the busiest food stall there. With this price point, no wonder that are so many people ordering from here. 

Service is fast and efficient. Everything seems to have a system and the cashier might not greet you and chat chit with you. They are here trying to take as many orders as fast as possible, not here to socialize with customers. 

Even on a busy Saturday lunch rush, it only took 10 minutes for my order to be ready. 

Will I be back? I will be picking up boxes and boxes of lunch specials to feed some always hungry teenagers.

Cash Only."
"This Cineplex Odeon is conveniently located right at Dundas Station with connection to The Path! This is especially awesome during winter as I don't need to brave the winter cold to get here by TTC!

Multi floors and I can see how it can be busy when everyone wants to leave at the same time after a show. 

I think I will be coming back again for their VIP experience!"
"Happy Lemon is one of the numerous Bubble Tea Places in SkyCity Plaza.

I ended up coming here because I really want something refreshing after my hot spicy noodle. Happy Lemon never disappoint as their lemon drink are all made from fresh lemons! 

Maybe I always come by all these places during off hours and never have any issue with service or wait time.

My drink really hit the spot! 

I have yet try their milk tea series but it is hard not to order any ""lemon"" drink when I saw their mascot winking at me when I walked through the door!"
"The veal sandwich ($7) at Via Panini is huge.... 

This is one of those time I wish I have someone to share that with..

I ended up just eating the meat and just half the bun. 

The staffs are really nice and cheerful.

Great if you are in the area and just want to grab a bite.

CP 24 showing the latest news kept me updated."
"If I only going review Dr Deli and the Salad Queen based solely on the food... I would have just rated this place as a 3 star.... but we got exceptional services from the waitress. 

My Lunch buddy has this thing for soup...but she just couldn't decide which one to go with since there are 3 choices for ""Soup of the Day""... While she looked to be for help and knowing me I am not good with deciding.. I asked our waitress for help... 

1/2 Roast Beef and Soup ($6.95)

Waitress: Potato Soup is the Best.. 
Friend: hmmm how is the chicken noodle? 
Waitress: Potato 
Me: Beef and Barley... 
Waitress: Potato 
Friend: What is Barley... 

Finally, we decided on the Beef and Barley...but our lovely waitress took out 3 samples for us to try.... I never have that happen to me... and finally after voting and intensive taste testing... We agreed on the Potato!! It is more like a really light broth with veggie inside and it was delicious! 

I usually don't want to order anything with ""Chinese"" when I am in a non ""Chinese"" restaurant...but with all these reviewers raving about Chinese Chicken Salad ($6.95), I have to try it out! Small is Large! Me and my friend having trouble finishing that.... and there is nothing really Chinese about the salad...aside from those fried noodles.. 

The half Roast Beef sandwich on rye ended up I have to save it for pre dinner snack for later... 

I definitely will come back here if I have another salad attack... and I would be bring my friend!!"
"I love how conveniently Love Me Sweet is located inside Scarborough Town Centre.

I have been to their Thornhill location so I do know what I am expecting. Usually I pick up a Japanese cheesecake but this time I decided to try their cheese tarts.

The crust is nice and buttery, just like eating a cookie. Matcha flavour was not too strong but the filling is smooth and silky.

No lines and no wait. 

Not a bad option to pick up a treat while shopping at STC."
"This update review of Dragon Legend is based on my Saturday Dinner Buffet ($29.99) experience.

I am never a fan of AYCE or Buffet so this review can be a little bias. But I was honoured to be invited to a special dinner for my Godson's First Month Birthday Celebration and I have a good time eating with my friends.  I doubt I would be back again in a rush....

The sushi, maki and sashimi offering is quite impressive for a buffet restaurant: hamachi salmon, butterfish and scallops were both really good. The rolls and sushi were not bad. Enough selection compare to others I had been to.

In general, the cooked food were average. I would stay away from everything that were deep fried in a batter. As they were all heavily coated and drip in oil. Peking Duck, Dim Sum, Various Stir Fried items were not bad. I enjoyed my little bowl of hand shaved noodle as it was cooked al dente with a choice of broth (spicy beef please!)

Dessert table has various selection of cakes, pastries, pudding. Good on varieties as I tried a few but did not really enjoy anything.....

Since we were in a semi private area at the back of the restaurant, we were only allowed to stay or 2 hour (from 5 pm-7 pm), and right 7 pm, we were presented with the bill... Just make sure you tell your group not to be late!

Dragon Legend is good place for a gathering with friends and families. But I doubt, I would be back just because of the food.....

Sadly, they no longer offers a la carte dim sum for lunch anymore as of April 21."
"Pho Vaughan is not that Pho Vaughan.

Menu is limited but something this is not a bad thing?!

A small family run restaurant with 1 waitstaff and 1 cook. My Hue's Style Soup was not bad but quite different than the other version I had at other Vietnamese Restaurant.

I was lucky to be here when the place was not busy as I don't think the kitchen can handle even when the place is half filled.

With that many other options for Vietnamese food, I don't know if I will be back."
"3.5 Star

You might have seen Beverley's Bakers' baked goodness all around the GTA.

Butter Tarts: Plain, Maple Walnut, Raisins, Pecan and even Chocolate. Yes, for all those chocolate lovers out there.

2 package for $12 which is really reasonable priced. But really I can only pick 2?! Just wish they have a mixture of flavours in their 6 pack!

Chris, the owner and baker was at Stoufville Ribfest, always great to talk to the face behind all these sweetness!

So how is the butter tarts? 

Sorry, not as good as Maid Cottage which is still my favourite. But since those are over $2 a piece, it is a little unfair to compare them.

The crust is a little savory trying to balance off the sweetness of the fillings. The fillings. The size of the tart itself is huge and the filling can be a little overwhelming.

Next time if you see Beverley's Bakers in various festivities or farmer's market, pick a 6 pack up and show our support to local business!!"
"Michael on Simcoe was never on my foodie radar until American Express sent me a special offer with a statement credit if I dine here. I can't resist a deal so I booked a reservation and invited my meat lover friend to join me for this meat adventure.

I should had request to be seated in the Main Dining area when making my reservation but that was not a deal breaker. The vibe in the lounge is more lively and bright. But definitely if you want to have a more intimate romantic experience, insist on the Dining room area.

Ontario Lamb Rack ($48) roasted lamb rack, roasted pomodorini, charred red onion, mint salsa verde

USDA Prime NE/Black Angus Striploin ($45) with Roasted Bone Marrow ($18)

Dessert on the House (Thanks AMEX fine dining program)

Both entrée were cooked perfectly! Even the Lamb Rack was so tender and tasty.

Japanese imported A5 Waygu with Certificate of Authenticity also available with a price tag to match!

Definitely will be back next time I want to have a fine dining experience. I do dream of Waygu quite often at night."
"This LCBO is located inside Shops at Don Mills. 

I am not surprise that they have a great selections of beers, wine and everything... even some not so common sakes.

Staffs are friendly and cheerful. Always enhanced the experience!

There is also some dedicated parking spots for LCBO customers in the covered lot just across the street.. great if you just want to pick up something quick!"
"If you are into Hot and Spicy like me, Szechuan Legend is the place to go! Here you will find dishes that will bring tears in your eyes, drink water like crazy and your face all red and sweaty.

My favourite dishes here are:
- Fuqi feipian/Mixed Spicy Beef ($6.99) which is made of thinly sliced beef, beef lung/stomach/tongue, and a generous amount of spices, including Szechuan pepper
- Spicy Poached Fish ($9.99) where the delicate and tender white fish showcases the hot and numbing effects of the chillies and Sichuan pepper
- Spicy Bittermelon ($7.99)
- Starch Noodle with Chilli Sauce ($5.99)

Beware of the dishes with 3 peppers icon next to them, those are really not for non spicy eat!

Most of the waitress staff here speak Mandarian, so it is a good place for me to practice my limited vacobulary.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Nature's Emporium is just impressive!! 

I always a little bit skeptical about ""Health"", ""Holistic"", ""All Natural"" and ""Organic"" food store but my experience at Nature's might just have change my mind.

Huge Selections of everything and anything!! The best cheese selections I have seen, 400?! different cheeses including  raw, organic cow, goat, sheep from local and overseas..

Deli, Prepared Food, Bulk Food, Meat even Coffee and Tea. 

Supplements, Health Products and Even Cosmetic!!

I never know there's so many options and choices in a health food store till I visit Nature's Emporium and the prices are surprising competitive too!!"
"It's the Cats Meow Cafe is located just off Main Street Markham. 

Nice cute little neighbourhood coffee place  which set up like some one house... a really homey atmosphere with tons of cats and kitten decorations all over the place! 

The owner/cashier/barista is nice and friendly... and makes all his customers really welcome. 

Cappuccino ($3.00) 
- tasted more like a cafe latte.. really milky.. and lack the taste of coffee 

They also has Kawartha Dairy Ice Cream and all their meats they serves here are antibiotic and hormone free. 

It's the Cats Meow Cafe is a nice alternative to the chain coffee shops..and it is an great addition to the neighbourhood."
"3 Guys or 2 Ladies?

3 Guys: Pearl, Milk Pudding and Grass Jelly VS 2 Ladies: Pearl and Milk Pudding

CoCo Fresh Tea is quite promising as an alternative to Chatime that located in the strip plaza just south of it. But I really dislike the Parking here as the space are tight and all these one way signs.

3 Guys ($5.50) Less Ice 30% Sugar still on the sweet side. I love the chewiness of the tapoica but grass jelly is way better at Chatime. With the Milk Pudding, the drink was a little filling.. I was on a BBT coma...

Service was slow but all the servers were sweet and kept apologizing to everyone. 

There are some ""Back to School"" Special at $3.50 a drink. Get the stamp card as you can get a free one after 10 drinks.

Maybe back?"
"Zen Beginnings is a not just a yoga studio.. it is more like a Holistic centre plus baby/toddler program and prenatal program. You will be really disappointed if you just want to come here for a yoga fix.

Most of the patrons on this Friday afternoon are mostly ""mature"" students for therapeutic yoga. The room is really small.. smaller than some of the change rooms I been to in some yoga studio.. But it is great as a small class setting.. Talking about change room.. there is not really one but just an unisex washroom with showers facilities and since most of the classes are non heated and gentle so showers are not needed!

The class is for 1 hour.. a little short.. but it was a good class. Love the uncompetitive environment and teacher always there for hands on adjustment!

The staffs are really nice and friendly. Slippers were provided at the front door if you do prefer to that instead of walking around with your barefeet.

You can find free parking all time in the side streets.. but it will be at least 15 minutes walk.. but I actually didn't mind that since there are tons of interesting stores along Mt Pleasant! But you might be like me, end up having some gelato, get some sweets and have a croissant along the way....

Complimentary yoga mat if you don't have one..and passport of prana is welcome here!"
"A hat shop!! Come check Goorin Bros if you are into hats...

Great workmanship... A lot of stylish selections for all occasions: especially if you have a bad hair day.

So if you looking for hats for Tea Party, Wedding, even something casual, something to keep you warm or just for to looks good.. Goorin Bros' friendly staffs able to help you.

I love how there are sizings....as one size definitely not going to fit all!"
"I really want to like this Harvey's location since the staff here is all so friendly and nice but I think it was a bad move for corporate to make this location with a Drive Thru.

The restaurant already is smaller than the one I used to go to. There is only 1 cook with a small grilling area. She had to manage everything including the grill and the fryer. When the place is busy, the quality of the food does suffer. My onion ring was not cooked through, still doughy. My  toasted bun was burnt (black on one side). I waited forever for the food.....

And add to that, there are Drive Thru customers....

I went to the front and shown her my burnt bun and it was replaced. But this is really the first time I had that issue for all these years I had been eating at Harvey's.

I don't think I would be coming back for my burger at this location."
"Nathan Phillips Square is one of the most recognized landmarks of Toronto aside from CN Towers.

Large open area great for communities events and celebrations: New Year Countdown, Canada Days, Cultural Days, Weekly Farmer's Market, Art Events and Carnivals etc.

Love the Christmas lights and winter skating during the holiday seasons probably a highlight of growing up in the City.

Why the 3 stars?

It is getting really dirty and smelly. Garbage, Bird Poop, Urine Smell really turned me off. I hope the City would have clean the area more frequently."
"This is one of biggest The Best Shop I have been to. 

But is it The BEST Shop to Shop? 

I would not say it is a discount store as they have rice cookers for over $300!! And cheap and affordable items for around $1? 

A lot of merchandise are imported directly China so may not be some brand not too familiar to me? Soy Milk Making Machine? Apartment Size washer/dryer all in one unit? Electric Cooker for Chinese herbal medicine and soup?

An interesting place to browse around... Never know maybe you will need a set of Cupping Therapy set.."
"Memphis BBQ is a perfect spot for a down to earth date. (Maybe not for the first one!)

Big Bone Combo ($20) includes 1/2 rack of ribs, 1 lb wings (smoked one recommended), fries, coleslaw and much more. Great to share or just to finish that alone and feel busting full.

What more down to earth than using your hands, licking your fingers and eating meat in a trailer like dining area.

Huge TV showing Food Network, so if your date is boring, you can always just watch the show.

BTW, the poor ventilation in the ""trailer"" might make you smell smokey and meaty after. But that's much better than the cologne some of my cheap dates been using.

Cash or Debit Only. Hope my date has Cash on him?!"
"Pro Tips: Stay with Pho or Bun Cha

With a limited menu and one would think at least Little Saigon knows what they are doing. 

Photos are deceiving as I know quite well as I myself is guilty to make my food looks more tasty through my camera lens and by using filters. But their Shrimp and Chicken Pad Thai ($10) was such a disaster. I can made something better than this. The plate of noodle swimming in some brownish sauce was nothing close to how it looks in the menu. This is not a restaurant quality dish. 

Would I be coming back? I would only for Pho and their Summer Rolls and nothing else."
"My dog went Wow and Woof!

A dog park with a view of a pond full of goose. Close to natural and close to home.

2 fenced area: one for the big dogs and other for dogs that are under 20 lb or senior dogs, both covered by wood chips so no one feet/paws would have got muddy.

Rocky wants to meet some girl dogs but sadly we came on a really quiet afternoon and only another male dog dropped by.

Here all the dogs are well behaved and it is great opportunity for owners to socialize their dogs and get to know other dog owners in the area.

A Doggie Meetup? 

Rocky now really want to go back when there is going to be some action!"
"I am not sure if I want to eat hot pot or grill meat or even noodle any time of the day. But I am happy that Huh Ga Ne is open 24 hours!

The wait staff here is pleasant and speak good English but I shouldn't have any problem to read the menu as it is printed in Korean, English and Chinese!

Duck with Vegetable in Hot Pot ($30) Ori Jeon Gol is labelled as spicy but lack the spice even when the lady reassured me that it is spicy. She did go and get extra seasonings to help spice it up for us. The duck though was a little tough, I probably won't be ordering it again. But It was not bad for a cold day.

There are also other traditional Korean comfort food: soup, noodle, bbq, blood sausage, pig's feet and more.

At first glance, the pricing seems to be a little higher than other neighbourhood's restaurants but the pricing includes HST. 

I will be back, especially at the strange hours on a cold day.... eating Hot Pot and other Korean's comfort food just make me feel nice and warm. Or I come back to eat some pig's feet with a cold beer?"
"2.5 Stars.

Dinner experience is a little disappointed.

The AAA steak set dinner ($16.99) is pretty good. Cooked to medium rare, the way I like it without request. But what if I don't like medium rare. The salmon maki should not be serve with the steak on the same plate. The seaweed gets soaked with the gravy and it is not crispy anymore.

The $1 Grilled lobster is great!! I cannot complain about that. It is nice, fresh, juicy and cook to perfection. My boyfriend kept digging for more meat, so it must be really good!

The Sushi/Sashami combo ($39.99) was not that great. The fish are ok fresh. But the sushi selections without any uni, eel, fish roe.. just egg, flake crap meat and some of the normal selections.

The miso soup still a miss... especially when we were there at the end of the day, tasted like they water down a lot. 

I might be back or I might not be back... but I for sure not going to order the Sushi/Sashami combo again."
"What a view!!

Sipping my coffee  and looking at Wonderland's Leviathan thrill ride.

A lot of small tables for 2 here which ended up being a table for one with a laptop. It might be hard to get a spot here when it is busy...

The back area has 2 armchairs and a lounger which looks really comfy. I would definitely avoid the front though since with the drifts in the winter it can be quite chilly, I had my winter jacket on the whole time!

Staffs are nice and friendly...

Great to ""chill"" out when you are in the area!"
"Where in the World is Mr Chu? Mr Chu must have a late night as he did not show up for work till 3:45 pm instead of the posted 3 pm. 

Lucky for him, his Churros are so tasty and I forgave him the moment I had my first bite!

Chocolate and Almond ($5) - Crunchy outside and soft bread like inside with a touch of Cinnamon and Sugar

I can eat that everyday."
"I can get confused really easily. 

Billy Bakery & Cafe used to be Vienna Bakery & Cafe. They still keeps their Chinese name of Vienna. So am I in Billy or Vienna? 

All I know is there's almost 15 different kind of Noodle Soup to choose from and they all priced at $5.49 and includes a drink available from 11:30 am - 5:30 pm. 

Beef Brisket Rice Noodle Soup ($5.49) was A-OK. Perfect portion size for lunch or a snack.

I won't make a special trip to either it is called Billy or Vienna. A good and reliable neighbourhood Hong Kong Style Cafe is always a good thing."
"Meat Meat Meat

Spicy Savory Smokey

Cheap Beer in Pitcher or bottles, no craft beers, sorry

Fast lighting speed services, food on the table before you realize

Great for late night snacks!

Price seems to be reasonable aside from the BBQ corn $3.50 for just 1 ear?! I can get 12 at the price at the supermarket! 

Packed 1 am in the morning...now I know where to eat after drinking for more drinking!!!"
"""What kind of Smoothies do you have?""

What?! You don't have Smoothies!?!

I seldom go to a McDonald's.. I am here for the $1 special Smoothies and they don't have it.

Looking at my disappointed face, the nice cashier was kind enough to tell me the closest one that has it!

So now you know... This location at Warden and Hwy 7 has no McCafe or Smoothies.. don't waste your time if that's what you want!"
"If I going to rate Etsu based on their washroom facilities, I would have give Etsu a close to 5 star rating!! Their washrooms are so clean, smell so good (fl orally), so modern (Japanese style help you clean everything?).

If I going to rate Etsu based on their food, I would have give Etsu barely a 3 star. The presentation were good, but all the rolls we ordered just drowned in Mayonnaise, every single roll we ordered. 

Black Dragon ($9.95), Etsu ($10.95) and Fire Mountain ($7.95) all tasted similar.. which was kind of disappointing.

Cold Soba ($7.95) was pretty good though.

If I going to rate Etsu based on their decor and services, I would give them a 4 stars. Great friendly and attentive service (though we were the only table there on a Saturday evening!). 

So at the end of the meal, I could just rate Etsu as a 3  star.  It is a solid 3 star though!

Lunch Specials maybe?"
"Aaniin Coummunity Centre is the newest everything under one roof facilities in Markham.

So much Parking! There are always ample parking whenever I drop by. 

The building itself is nicely designed with First Nation theme. The name ""Aaniin"" pronounced [ah-nee], means ""hello"" or ""welcome"" in Ojibway.

Swimming Pool, Running Tracks, Library, Gym all in one. They also have community events that helds that on a regular basis.

It is good to see our tax dollar being used in improving the well being of fellow residents."
"2.5

Maybe coming to this Starbucks during March Break was not a good time! 

This is the first Starbucks I been to that were infested with pre-teens. They scattered everywhere, on the sofas, in the doorway and everywhere. I don't really mind sharing spaces with them, but when they are cafferinated and on sugar high (eating those mini butter cupcakes like there's no tomorrow), they tends to get a little hyper jumping all over the place.

Even the usual crowd in this Starbucks are different. Ladies with their tan, in their designer clothes flashing their Gucci/Louis Vuitton handbags. 

Drinking my coffee listening to all the gossips and how to apply make up probably from all these ladies did make my stay at Starbucks a little more entertaining!"
"I think my dog will definitely give Richmond Hill Off Leash Dog Area a 5+ stars!

Richmond Hill off Leash Dog Area, a fenced 3/4 hectare site, is located in Ward 4 on Town-owned open space lands south of Tower Hill Road and just west of Yonge Street. It is contained by a 1.5 m tall chain link fence with a separate small dog area and a double-gated entry and exit area. 

I really appreciate the stated rules of using the park: all male dogs have to be neutered, no female dogs in heat and no children under 12 years old! 

The small dog area is for dogs that are under 12 lbs and it is well maintained. My dog had so much fun exploring the area which are lined with wood pieces and played with dogs that are friendly like he is!!

The other area where the bigger dogs roamed is huge.... hilly and they can all run wild and explore!!

I wish there are more off leash dog park like this, where dogs can enjoy the open area and socialize with others just like children!"
"Thirsty & Miserable is one of my favourite dive bars.

If you are into local craft beers on drafts, you will be happy. Or if you are into Belgium or import beers in bottles, you also will be delighted!

Come here for beers and nothing else... Or maybe for the laid back and easily going vibe?

I kind of like the darkness here..as I think I look better in this dim lighting after a few beers...

Cheers!

PS You can find their beer lists updated frequently on Facebook!"
"Beff Pan Steak And Roll House serves up Korean Style Western Food.

If you here looking for a real Steakhouse experience, you might be disappointed. But for$17.99 you do get a decent 250 g Rib Eye Cut Steak with sides. Avocado Salad ($5.99) with a Japanese dressing was fresh and plentiful!  Rose Pasta ($13.99) was enjoyable!

Sadly Spider Roll ($12.99) was the most disappointing item we ordered for our visit. The soft shell crab was so overcooked and it hurting my mouth while I was eating that. 

Service was attentive and excellent. Our waitress was so friendly.

I would suggest ordering the steak the most medium rare as it was a little overcook for my liking. Maybe I would even go for rare."
"Caffe Gran Sasso is my to go place to grab a coffee and meet up with my friends whenever I am in Unionville Main Street.

The barista always friendly and coffee always well made.

I have been to their older location which is just all Main Street with some outside seating. It always been nice just enjoy a coffee and chill.

I have not yet been to their new location which is right on Main Street. I will drop by for a visit soon and hopefully will have a good experience just like before."
"I don't understand why my drink was served in plastic takeout cup? Serissa Cafe really have the needs to get some glass wares, not just for the environment but the overall enjoyment for their stay in clients. 

WinterMelon Favoured Green tea ($4.50) was A-OK, a tad on the sweet side, I might have to ask for half syrup next time! 

Why no comfy sofa seatings? Why it set up like a HK style Cafe? Same old set up as the previous tea place at this location! 

Free Wifi and I found electric outlets underneath my seat :), a little pricey drinks than Starbucks but a lot quieter, am I in the library?"
"The main reason I wanted to eat at Xin Jiang is because of their famous lamb skewers. But when I saw their lunch specials, I just could not resist!

Over 35 items around $6 to $7. The huge selection makes choosing what to eat quite difficult as the colourful photos just makes everything looks so delicious. Just be warned even at this bargain pricing, the portion is big enough to fill you up! 

The complimentary soup would be something I won't recommend. Yes it is free but I just hated that gluey, starchy texture.

Xinjiang Style Chicken Combo ($6.49) and Hand Made Noodle with Sliced Lamb ($6.99) were both tasty, not overly spicy and with great balanced flavour. 

Give Xin Jiang a try especially if you are a lamb lover. I guarantee you won't be disappointed!

So I guess I have to make another trip for the skewers! 

Lunch Special is available only on weekdays from 11 am to 5 pm! So plan accordingly!"
"Lunch Specials till 3 pm.

Ginza Sushi is a Chinese owned Japanese and Thai restaurant with a menu that reflect that. 
  
Sushi ($6.95)
- Nicely presented 
- Shrimps, Salmon, Tuna and White Tuna sushi with a Californian roll
- Fish quality is OK, there are no wasabi inside the sushi
- Shari Rice tasted more like regular rice.. doesn't have that chewy and vinegary taste

You know Ginza is a Chinese run Japanese restaurant.
- a spoon is stuck right into your miso soup 
- staff talking loudly in Cantonese to one another
- It is just strange to have a Japanese/Thai restaurant?!

The decoration is modern and nice The staffs are courteous and polite.

The lunch i order is good size if you going for coffee or dessert or a second lunch. I was still hungry after eating...  I guess time for afternoon tea now!"
"I end up visiting Marché Bonsecours de Montréal every time I visit Old Montreal. Just the exterior building does look awesome and well maintained.

The inside though was a MEH.. as nothing much historical architecture left and the emphasis is on the artisan boutiques and galleries. 

I never buy anything here... nothing for me to buy and most of the merchandise are over priced.

But it is a great place to get away from the winter cold and use their clean washrooms. 

Do I really have to get out in the cold again?!!!"
"I would never ever going in Makkah Restaurant by myself if my fellow yelper did not take me here!!

Makkah Restaurant is full of men... all the men that works in the kitchen...all the men that was ordering the food or eating the food in here..  I really stood out like a sore thumb... 

The self served eat in area is clean and spacious... after you placed your order, you picked up your food and then you eat and after that you pay... All based on honour system since you even help yourself with the drinks from the fridge!!

Chicken Tikka Kebab was so tender, juicy and delicious! And love that charred smokey flavoured!! 

Naan bread that is freshly made by those friendly kitchen staffs that even posed for my photo shots with a big smile on their faces!!

Just love Makkah Restaurant for their food, their down to earth vibe and friendly service!

Now maybe I am ready to come back on my own now???"
"I was disappointed but maybe I expected too much after reading all these 4, 5 Star reviews.

Making our reservation via Opentable was fast and easy. We arrived early and was able to get our table for 2 with no issue.

The interior was dark so dimmed as I could barely read the menu. We were lucky enough to be close to a table of 6 who was talking so loud and with the background music, I could barely hear myself think.

I didn't expect a cocktail bar resemble a club scene. My friend was trying to talk to me and I barely could hear her with all the noises.

Drinks were ok. I did expect a little more.

We left after 1 drink. Maybe the Cloak Bar is just not for me."
"Singapore Slaw Kid Lee's Size! I finally able to try the ""famous"" Susur Lee's slaw. 

Good portion. I would be happy just ate that for lunch without adding any portein. The mixed salad has nice texture. As it is made from 19 different ingredients, which made each bites a different experience. I love the pronounced gingery flavour. 

Since each order is put together when ordered, so it does takes time even when we got there around 11:10 am without any line up. They do take a lot of ritual orders so come early  if you don't want to wait.

Great addition to boring food court options. I know I would be back when I am at First Canadian Place and looking for some lunch next time."
"Adore Fusion specialized in Clay pot rice. The menu is simple with an order of rice with soup or pop from $9.99.

The interior is nicely decorated for a claypot rice restaurant. 

Wait time for the food was long 20 to 25 minute even when the restaurant is not busy. (It would be good if the long waited time is stated in the menu as I do understand that each order us cooked when ordered.)

I enjoyed my preserved sausage claypot rice. Ingredients is good quality and the portion is perfect. The rice was nice and crispy which is important as it is always the highlight of the meal. The seaweed soup though was meh. 

I might give them another try. A good option if you are in the area."
"Yan's Soy Food has the best Tofu pudding in GTA!

They used to be in Market Village and now moved to this location.

Same great food, same great prices! All their soybean products are freshly made daily in house from scratch.

It is a lot smaller with only 3 seats so I suggest having your dessert to go.

Ample Parking."
"Bobbette & Belle is a cute little pastry bakery store. 

It has a more sophicated vibe.. where ladies are all dressed up and sipping their lattes and munching on French pastries..which is quite different than the pastry stores in the area.

I did feel a little out of places in the store with my yoga mat! But what I will do for some macarons.

Salted Caramel/Black Currant/Pistachio (@$2)
- one of the better maracons I have
- crisp outershell and with tons of filling inside
- not super sweet and just enough sweetness to make them a great sugary treat

I was not too excited when the lady just put my priced maracons in a paperbag! They got kind of crushed by the time I ready to eat them.. tasted as good but not good for my photos!"
"Korean-Chinese Food is something I don't crave often. But I have been watching too much Korean Cooking drama lately and all these Jajangmyeon eating really make me what a bowl!

Beijing Sung is one of these ""authentic"" Korean Chinese Cuisine 中華料理 in Toronto. 

Ganjjajjang (乾炸醬; stir fried black bean sauce with noodles)
Kkanpunggi (干烹雞, fried chicken with sweet, sour and spicy sauce)

Noodle was nice and chewy. The sauce is rich and gooey. And I do think Korean really perfected fried chicken. 

Service is fast and friendly."
"I usually go to the La Paloma Gelateria inside Vaughan Mills but since it has mall hours so when I have a craving for some gelato, this will be place to go!

Open till 12:00 AM even in the winter?!! I sounded cold just thinking about that.. Gelato as midnight snack?! Of course you can have a coffee instead... Coffee as a night cap? Of course you can especially when you want to stay up till late with your date!"
"So Spicy and So Good.

Dumplings and Szechuan Cuisines has this family vibe I really enjoy. The menu is extensive with a mixture of spicy and non spicy food.

We were here for lunch with a toddler. The waitstaff was so kind and accommodating. Warm water in a plastic cup and cute bowl/spoon were provided without asking. +0.5 star.

Since we are still training the toddler to enjoy spicy food, we ended up ordering a Pork and Veggie Dumplings just for him.

Spicy Cold Chicken and Hot and Sour Intestine Noodle were both delicious and have great complex flavours aside just being numbing spicy.

And of course I will be back to have more noodle dish! They do have smaller size at $3.99 and $5.99 for large for some of their noodle item, perfect for single diner like myself!

10% off Grand Opening Special if pay by cash."
"I have been wanting to come and try Anh Dao Restaurant, but every time I came they were closed until last week!!

Timing is everything... but when the restaurant is empty and passed the prime lunch and dinner hours.. my showing up was not the most exciting thing that can happen to the staffs...when all they want is having their afternoon nap...zzzzzzzz

Spring Roll and BBQ Beef Bun ($5.95)
- I heard a lot of microwave beeping in the kitchen when my food was being prepared... not really a good sign, so now my food is being heated up instead of cooking??
- Beef is a little cold... maybe they should have be put in the microwave for another 10 sec? 
- Spring Roll was freshly deep fried..since it cannot be that crispy if it was just heat up in the microwave
- I do love the mix of lettuce, basil and coriander in the noodle, giving it a more complex flavour

I did not find Anh Dao Restaurant really Amazing but is A-OK for the price. Maybe i need to try the House Speciality  Nem Nuong next time!"
"Stay with the L and don't even think about the XL for extra $1. 

Pho Star does give you a good value for your money especially you loves carbs! My L size Thai Noodle has so much noodles, I could barely finished that. 

Sadly the taste was one dimensional boring. I just did not feel like eating anymore after eating my noodle halfway.

Spring Rolls ($5.99) was nice and crispy. I like their small bite size presentation.

Waitstaff is super friendly and nice. 

Pho may not be the ""star"" here at Pho Star. There are so many options of authentic Vietnamese food in the hood. It will be a pass for me."
"Pinky's Ca Phe is a fun and interesting restaurant to hang out with friends and have some drinks and good food! Love the speak easy vibe and the set up is homey and cozy.

Warning: make sure you let your waiter knows about any food allergies. Not the kitchen would not accommodate you but at least you know which dish or drinks or desserts you cannot order. If you do have nut allergy, your choice of food would be quite limited. 

We ordered a few items to share and love the flavours which was bold and interesting.

We asked for some Sriracha sauce, the waiter said there would be a charge? Then came back saying there won't be a charge?? I have yet been to a restaurant that charge for Sriracha sauce from a bottle...  

I would probably go back for a snack next time when I am in the area. Either come alone or with a group of no more than 4 then you won't need to wait for a table for so long."
"I finally tried Shanghai Sang-Ji Bao at Sang-Ji Fried Bao! 

Perfect when it is chilly as the Bao was served pipping hot with so much meat juice and soup inside! 

My friend asked if I like it? If I ate mine 2 so fast after a big lunch and now eyeing the one that left which supposed to be hers? I guess I must LOVE it!

Perfect as a snack and no sharing required!

10 minute wait time was so worth it for these freshly made Bao!"
"Love Kitchen? A Kitchen full of Love? Or I Love this Kitchen?

Bueokae serves up some authentic Korean food. Love the banchan: that smooth and creamy sweet potato salad is so good!

Lunch Special till 3 pm.

Tteokbokki (Korean Rice Cake) chewy and spicy. The waitress was a little worry about the spice level as I am not Korean. But I told her is yummy and could be more!

Kimbap (Korean roll) loves the different vegetables. Light and refreshing.

I really enjoyed the food here. Glad that a solid Korean restaurant opened in the area."
"When I opened the door and walked inside Chole's Garden Restaurant, I came face to face with a Toronto Maple Leaf's jersey!

The music here is hip and loud. The TVs are tuned to Hockey Night in Canada.

Am I in a sport bar? But what's that smell of Pho in the air?

This is really a new Hong Kong Style Cafe that opened up that replaced Pho Trend.

$9.99 or so will get you a set dinner with soup, main, dessert and drink. In line with most of the HK cafe in the area.

House Special Baked Pork Chop with Rice ($9.99) used lean pork and was quite tender. The only problem was the kitchen baked it at high heat and burnt some of the pieces! Taste of bitterness!

I don't mind coming back for lunch or afternoon tea if I am in the area to chill as the interior is spacious and has free wifi.

Btw, they serves beer..maybe Chole's Garden Restaurant can be a Sport Bar after all!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Fantasy Eatery. Lunch Special from $6.99 serves till 3 pm.

Try to arrive early for lunch because some items might not be available if you come right at 3 pm:  Soup of the Day or even Milk Tea.

Beef Fried Noodle ($7.99) is small in portion definitely a lunch size as I could finished the whole order by myself and more. I was expecting a really good wok hay dish but it lacks that high temperature caramelization. 

Both quality and quantity of the food were not up to the same standard as the old location.

Milk Tea though creamy and smooth but served warm.

The crystal balls and chandlers looks a little out of place since they are the leftover deco from the previous business. But since it is a ""Fantasy"" Eatery, everything goes? Includes the Swan decoration at the front door.

I will definitely come back and try other items. Hopefully they would be better.

It is sad how Fantasy Eatery is no longer it's Scarborough hole in the wall neighbourhood eatery. Maybe Richmond Hill neighbourhood has less compettion and people here are willingly to pay more for less?!"
"This review of Cluny Bistro is based on my Winterlicious 2018 experience.

I love that Cluny Bistro has a wine pairing at $20 for the 3 courses ($43). This offerings really pushed the rating to a 4 star.

Food was tasty. I love everything I ordered! 

Or just maybe, the pre dinner cocktail and the glasses of wine just put me in a good mood?

Our waiter was fast, efficient and engaging! 

One of my better Winterlicious experience in Toronto!"
"Customer Service was superb the moment when I walked into Southeast Sandwiches. The staff here so friendly and cheerful making me feeling so welcome!

What to order? As a first timer, I would suggest the 3 Mini Taco/Buns as you can choose 3 different proteins/toppings combinations and it is great for sharing! Now the question is which 3 out of the 6 different protein and 2 vegetarian options you want and what toppings/sauces to go with each! Now my head is spinning!

3 Philippine Brioche with
Chicken 'Un""Skewered
Oh My Cod!
Fairy Dusted Pork Belly

Really tasty. Really good. Interesting flavours. I might go easy on the toppings especially with the mini size as there might be too many things going on! 

Taco Tuesdays at $2. I think I would like to have half a dozen please?!"
"Bakery Gateau is located inside the New Galleria Supermarket in Thornhill! 

I love how the buns and cakes that Bakery Gateau are all wrapped up in plastic bags... which is really hygienic and looks really organized too. 

Most of the selections are Western pastry with a Korean twist or Korean pastry with a Western twist?? 

They do have the actual bakery on site, so you can actually watch the baker or pastry chefs baking and working on the dough.. and sometimes I can even smell that oh fresh out of oven aroma all through the store!! 

Green Bean Bun ($1.20) 
- Compare to the Chinese buns I have before, Korean buns are really generous with the filling!! The whole bun is practically filled with green bean paste..wall to wall!! 
- The filling itself is not sweet at all... but has this really gooey texture.. that stick to your teeth... 
- I would say the bun is filling and comforting! 

They do have other great selections of different bread, cake and pastry. so more incentive for me to come back and try out some of their other offerings!!"
"2.5 star

Came here for a pre dinner snack and a drink before our dinner. So we just ordered a few items to try. 

Service was a little green and awkward. A lot of training needs for the front of the house.

Menu is huge. But this is just too many items on the menu. There is no focus at all. I have to spend a long time to going through all the pages in order to find something that I might be interested. The fonts and colour choice was not the best either.

5 Star Premium Sushi $20.99 (nicely present with good craving art, fish selection could be better to be call a 5 star)
Temari Skewers (2 pcs) $7.50 
Chicken Karaage $6.95 
Asahi Large ($9.95)
Matcha Gemmaicha ($1.75)

Charging a premium price, I do expect a premium food and service and I do happy pay for that. But sadly, Sozo really fell short. 

Beer was not cold. Food was just passable. 

One thing positive is management might be interested in improving that is quite encouraging."
"IQ Living is quite different than the other stores and business on the Danforth. 

Great to browse around and check out the cool office and kitchen gadgets. Maybe you can find a nice and unique house warming gift? 

I was carrying my yoga mat on my shoulder so as my usual clumsy self, I really worry that I might knock things off the shelves when I was browsing around.... 

I definitely be back again to check out the cool things IQ Living carries!"
"So good!!

This is probably the best macaroons I had in Montreal and Toronto. 

The shell is so thin. The filling is not too sweet and the flavour is intense! $10 for 6. This is a bargain!!

21 flavours to choose from. They are all so pretty and it was just so hard to pick 6. If I would have know how good they are, I would just take all home!

The packaging is really secure and safe for travelling. None of them were crashed during my trip and still in perfect condition when I took them home.

Point G! You are perfect!"
"Not my usual Costco but this might change!

I usually go to the location at Woodbine/7 which is insanely crazy even on a weekday afternoon.

Surprisingly, when I dropped by yesterday afternoon. I able to find a lot of parking spots which were close enough to the entrance! When I checked out, there was only 2 carts in front of me and I was able to cash out within 10 minute wait! 

Selection and pricing is similar to the other Costco, but with less shoppers and shorter lines.

This make shopping at Costco a more enjoyable experience!"
"I did not remember when was the last time I was at Roy Thomson Hall but I was able to come here for a TSO concert recently for Star Wars Series.

The structure is interesting and quite iconic. Though the building is over 30 years old but still in good condition. If you are here for TSO, you won't be disappointed with great acoustic. 

If you have your tickets on will call, drop by at least 30 minute before the show begin. Since as of the time I wrote this review, one cannot print the tickets ordered online, so you can expect how long the queue was at the will call box office."
"I am a fan of Wonderland, especially on a nice sunny autumn day with no lines!

I have not been to Wonderland for ages... ok make that a decade! So I have not been to a lot of the ""Newer"" rides. This makes my experience a lot more enjoyable. 

I managed to get on the following rides:Flight Deck, Time Warp. Psyclone, BehemothX2, Blacklot Stunt Coaster, Sledgehammer and Drop TowerX2. and since there are no lines I managed to finish them in less than 3 hours. 

They are all fun to be on. Make sure you have your eyes open and stop telling your friend you are scare, she is going to laugh at you! (Sherry T. I am talking to you)  

Quite a few people threw up during the rides.. namely on Jet Scream and Blacklot Stunt Coaster. It is getting a little gross to see vomit on the seats and the floors. hmmmmm

The Funnel Cake though overpriced was as good as I remembered!! So good for sharing with your best buddy after all the excitements!

Wonderland does have end of season specials so if you don't use the waterpark and don't want to see the shows then come when the tickets are much cheaper..!"
"The first 20 minutes when you are in the Rainforest Cafe, it is cool..

After that all the animation became old and stale, even can drive you crazy!!

The food here are expensive and does not worth the price they are charging. 

And of course this is a family restaurant, there will be tons and tons of kids... if you do desire a more adult dinning experience, please stay away!"
"This Duty Free is located inside YUL Departure Area for International flights. 

Usually I don't like to forced to walk through Duty Free shops when traveling but The Loop maybe one of the one I enjoyed.

Nice collection of alcohol includes Canadian brands and A lot of Whiskey from around the World. I suggest checking their website which has full pricing and current specials before heading over to the airport.

Those cute souvenir is hard to resist. I even want to pick up a few and I live in Canada!"
"Not too bad after all...

Free Wifi 

$1 Medium Iced Coffee

Leaf Payoff action showing on 2 TVs

If there's power outlets!"
"2.5 star?? 

Allen's maybe one of the place that I can walked in and walked out without anyone asking or even anyone even knowing?? 

Maybe it was a little dark since it was 10:15 pm..... but I thought that 's when people going out?? but I guess not on a weekday? 

Patio is lovely!! The trees are huge... on a cool summer night, sitting at Allen's back patio is like at some friend's backyard. But if I am sitting in a friend's backyard, I would have helped myself to a drink from the fridge! 

No one even asked if I want a drink? or if I need a drink? or I just don't want a drink! Or I just got really confused after checking out the huge beer menu on the chalkboard and I just don't know what to order?

I even tried jumping up and down, waving my arms over my head... but no one... no one even noticed me... Maybe these wait staffs were trained in one of the Chinese restaurants?! 

Allen's Special Light Draft 1/2 pint ($4.30) was a nice and refreshing to make me less frustrated with my beer ordering experience......"
"There are at least 4 different Honda dealerships within driving distance in my area but I have to say Formula Honda is my choice when I need to buy or lease a new car or have my car serviced! 

The receptionist here is nice and warm and always greeted me with a big smile. The show room is roomy and has the latest model on displayed. I never have any problems to take any cars out for a test drive. 

The prices are always reasonable. My salesperson George more than willing to accommodate my needs and answer my questions and he is knowledgeable and never pushy. (when I am ready I am ready!!) 

There is also a comfortable waiting area when you waited for your car being serviced. Yes they have a Net Zone where you can go online while waiting! 

I won't be hesitate to recommend my friends and families if they are in the market for a Honda."
"I found this Starbucks' location not as busy as others I been to. Not too many laptop users sitting here for hours.

Service is fast and friendly. 

Drive Thur always a welcome sight when it is cold or rainy outside!

The furniture though a little dated, my table is so scratched up and sticky!"
"I think it is a good thing that Made In China having a Hong Kong Style Cafe menu most of the business hour because if it is going to be solely on their hot pot menu, it would have went out of business for a long time....

Late Night Special ($13.99) though sounded like a decent price but not worth it at all. The food quality is just pathetic. And the satay soup based was just tasteless with zero satay taste. The thinly sliced beef has this funny looking colour and texture.. I even have my doubt if they were beef....

No I am not going to come back for Hot Pot.. ever... They might as well take the word Hot Pot out of their name.

The only reason it is not getting a 1 star because at least their none hot pot offering at the none hot pot hours are decent!"
"Korean Chinese? Chinese Korean?

Joong Wha Ru 中華樓 took over the old Hansik's location and now serving Korean Chinese food.

With a party of 4, we were able to order all my favorite items and more to share family style.

Guobaorou (deep fried pork in spicy sauce)
Jajangmyeon (black bean noodle)
Kkanpunggi (chicken with pepper)

Please note Guobaorou was mistranslated as Chicken in the menu but it is really a Pork dish! Thanks for my Korean friend pointed that out to me.

Most dish were quite standard. The only item I did not enjoyed was the chicken as the batter was thick and gluttony.

Not my favorite Chinese Korean restaurant. But I do love the booth seating and the less hassle atmosphere compares to Beijing Sung."
"Tuesday is Wings night: Half Price of wings with a drink purchase.

I have been to Dakgogi's location in North York and I personally think that the wings here is better than the other location. 

The lighting here is so dim. The music just deafening loud. I cannot even carry out a conservation without shouting at my friends.

I would be back if I have craving for KFC in the downtown area."
"A brewery in Scarborough?! I think Common Good probably the only brewery in the neighborhood.

The interior is rustic and simple. You can order a flight, a pint and even have a taste before you buy.

I love the open concept, you can actually see the brewmaster in action but I can imagine how hot the area would be during the summer months.

The smell of hops in the air while you sipping on some iced cold beer.

Drop by for a visit and support local brewery in the area. Of course remember to pick up a can or a 6 pack on your way out!"
"This is a ""New"" Hong Kong Style Cafe that opens up at the location used to be Rural Restaurant and Dickens.

There is no indication of their ""English"" name on their frontage sign but only the word ""Cafe"". It does have a Chinese Name ""表哥茶餐廳"".

Typical Hong Kong Style Chinese Cafe menu opens daily from 7:30 am to 10 pm. Afternoon tea time definitely good value as any set orders over $4 (over 50 different items to choose from!), you can get a free upgrade to Red Bean Ice drink or a cold drink!

Meat Sauce Pasta ($4.95) has chunks of meat went down well with an Iced Milk Tea! 

If you looking for some where that is affordable and decent in Scarborough, this cafe is a good place to be!"
"Whenever I go Emperor for dim sum or dinner, I always walk by Palace Bakery and Cafe. 

From outside, Palace looks kind of sketchy, but inside is just clean, tidy and very welcoming! Tons of seating if you want to just chill out and enjoy a snack and listen to oldies..

A lot of special sets with choices of buns, sandwiches, noodles and even rice dishes. The pastries and buns are all individually wrapped so really hygienic compare to other Chinese bakeries I been to! Choices might be limited but all seems to be nicely prepared!

Egg Tarts fresh from the oven with a small milk tea ($2.20) definitely A-OK. The egg tart has such a flaky buttery crust with really light and jiggly egg custard filling is just delicious!  Milk tea though a little meh wish it it more creamy and silky!

A lot of locals in the neighbourhoods seems to frequent Palace and the staffs/owners are just really friendly and chatty!

I definitely will be back to Palace again..."
"I get confused really easy especially when I have to decide what to order. Choices and more choices? Poutine? Mac n Cheese? Fusion Wraps/Burgers? Or should I go for the tradition?

Confused Kitchen does have a confusing menu. Sri Lankan Fusion is confusing good. I love their different options.

For my first time, I ordered something familiar. Chicken Biryani ($9.99) and Mutton Roll ($1 each).

The Mutton Roll so good, stuffed with filling and has a kick of spiciness. The wrapping is just perfectly crispy but with some chewiness. Eating that was a little confusing?

Chicken Biryani has a lot of sides! Even a chicken leg. I love the salad that give the plate some freshness. Sadly the chicken leg was really dry. The rice though was the star! Chunks of chicken meat and bold spices. A lot of flavours. I personally would just eat that and salad and I would be happy.

Spicy is good. Spicy is yummy. Please enjoy your food if you like that complex flavours of spices. And if you cannot take the heat, I think you might not enjoy the food as much as I would."
"It took me over 5 years for a revisit to Crown Prince. The experience was disappointing. And frankly, this might probably be the last time.

We did not take advantage of the Early Bird Special and paying full price for our dim sum lunch. At this price point and Crown Prince calling themselves ""Fine Dining"", I do expect some standard of service and food.

Service was a 1 star. There were practically no service as there were not enough staff even during their lunch hour. I don't expect they drop by and check on us often and asked us how's everything is. There were practically no one I can even waved over. Maybe we were seated in a blind spot and no one seen us?! And all I asked for was 2 glasses of water and 3 hot sauces, the waitress sacastically said you better tell me what else now?! (-1 Star)

Food came fast and tasted decent, until we found a hair in our beef rice roll. No apology just asking if we want to take it off the bill or replaced with another one. It took forever for the replacement to arrive....

All these fancy decor and uniforms really does not mean much if you are treated like a nobody. Please show some respect to your customers, it is just the minimum requirement to be in the service industry."
"Go For Tea probably does not worth coming if you are not at Downtown Markham and if you are not in need for a late night snack.

Menu is huge but sadly the food we ordered were all meh. 

The decor here is nice and love the booth like sectional. It feels like a good date night place with the dim lighting.

I would not be back for a full meal but not bad if I want to have some brewed Chinese tea or bubble tea."
"I am glad that Sansotei opens another location up in Markham. It is just hard to get decent Ramen North of 401. 

This place is always busy in the evening. I had give up having dinner here as I don't see myself waiting half a hour for a table even at 9 pm?! For me Ramen is supposed to be something fast and convenient.

Dropping by for a late lunch worked the best for me as I never waited for the table. Service always be fast and polite. My usual is always Tonkatsu with thick noodles. The broth rich and creamy, noodle with the perfect bite.

Double check opening hours as lunch only serves Ramen during weekdays and without any sides."
"My heart sank when I walked through the indoor antique/flea market area of Crossroads Market. I was thinking ""oh not another one of those ""markets""!! 

But when I walked through to the outdoor area with stalls and stalls of vendors selling fresh fruits and vegetables, now I realized why this Market has an average of 4 stars on Yelp!

Fresh produces in season. There are also so many varieties of peppers! So colourful and enjoyable to just browsed around.

I ended up getting a peach to snack on which was so big that I could barely held that in my palm."
"CP24 seems like a default channel at a lot of local businesses if they have their televisions on. 

Great if you want to know anything or everything that happens around Toronto. Weather, Traffic, News, Alerts, Stocks, Sports... You are always up to date. 

However, for some that want to chill out.. It is just way too much instant information.. as I can only watch that for 15 minutes.. and then I just tuned myself out...

Maybe it is great if I go out with my friend who has nothing to say to me.. and he just pretending he is watching CP24. Sadly CP24 maybe more interesting than me!"
"The Rec Room is located right in the middle of all these tourist's attractions is a cool concept!

We dropped by around lunch time on a Saturday afternoon to kill off some times and it was a lot of fun. I love those simple carnival games that doesn't require too much skills because I am not really good in video games. 

The arcade area as mentioned by other reviewers packed too many machines in a small area. I can imagine how uncomfortable this can get if the place is crowded. 

I didn't eat or drink here so cannot comment on the food. The patio is nicely set up with the great view of CN Tower and the Toronto downtown landscape.

I will be back for some more fun as I still have some credits left in my account."
"Butchies is Chef Andrea Nicholson's restaurant. If you don't know who she is, it is perfectly fine as not everyone likes watching all those Top Chef's Canada, Chopped Canada or whatever on Food Network Canada.

I love the concept of Butchies Meat+1+2+3. Sounded simple? But it is a little confusing if you are like me, who are a little indecisive. 

Main: Country Fried Steak sounds interesting? Smoked Pork Shoulder? Hot Nashville Chicken Sandwich (I do like HOT!)? 

Sides: Should I eat healthy? Watermelon Salad sounds refreshing? or Baba's Cucumber Salad? But why am I eating healthy? Should I do 1? 2 or 3?

Trust me the struggle is REAL... 

I got a little lazy and told the girl at the cash what would she suggest for a first-timer? I ended up with Meat+2 ($14)

Butchie's Burger + Mac 'n' Cheese + Green Beans

Wait for the food was a little long as everything is cook when ordered. I watched my green beans being boiled and blanched (a little overcooked and mushy). 

The ingredients were fresh. Burger was A-OK. But personally I found I was interested more in the different sides. 

If you are in Whitby and area, drop by for a visit. I did see Chef Andrea Nicholson walked in and check on the staff after the lunch rush."
"Love how all water theme has been implemented in the set up of Sherbourne Common!

Those huge waterfalls like structure ""Light Showers"" for sure a sight to behold. There is also a huge area of water fountain park which transformed into a skating ring in the winter!

I didn't realize how innovative Sherbourne Common is until I did some research online!! It had received an Award of Merit from the 2009 Canadian Architect Awards of Excellence. 

What a cool public spaces and for kids a great place to hang with all the facilities!!"
"Now I know where to satisfy my late night noodle craving! Hey Noodles, welcome to the neighbourhood!

The decor is modern and nice. Plenty of seating. Parking maybe an issue if you dine during prime time.

Beef Brisket Noodles ($13.99) and Marinated Pork Belly ($12.99) tasted great. Pork belly melt in your mouth tender. I opted for the ex spicy and numb level and it was spicy.

If you able to order and eat more noodles, then the price is justify and quite good value.

Service is excellent! Our waitress kept asking if we like more soup or noodles. 

Worth checking out if you are hungry or for a late night snack."
"I really enjoyed my experience of Fresh made Soba at Soba Canada.. Just the idea of having someone willing to offer this unique and authentic experience in Toronto! That alone worth an extra 1 star! 

Buckwheat flour suppose to be nutritious and rich in vitamins and dietary fibre. This do give me an excuse to indulge on my soba experience! Hey eating buckwheat suppose to lowers blood pressure, controls blood sugar and increase liver function (that's what I need being hyper, eating too much sugary marcarons and drinking too much alcoholic beverages!) 

Just love how everything that was served here are related to buckwheat.. from appetizer, main and dessert! 

I am lucky enough to able to tried all the different soba by sharing an Okonomi Soba with my dining mate... now I know which one I will pick if I am lucky to come here again! 

Oboro Tofu - love how soft and silky the tofu blended well with the soba taste... give me a light and refreshing taste and feel of well being and healthy... 

Tororo - I usually love yam... but not this form of puree Japanese yam.. I find that it makes the soba really gluey tasting and really blend and heavy 

Orishi - So so.. but if you are for the pure taste of raw radish, this one is for you 

Ikura Roe - I always have a weakness for Salmon roe and the freshly grated wasabi... that's the one I going to order for sure next time 

Snow Crab - enjoyed the crab meat..just because they are good tasting and I love crab... nicely presented.... 

Next up is the Sobayu, why are we served the water that the fresh soba was cooked in? As most of the water soluble nutrients and vitamins were lost in the hot water that soba was cooked in, so by drinking that boiled water, you will recap all the good things that soba provided. You suppose to mix the water with the soba dipping sauce. Taste wise is it nothing exciting but just the idea behind this is so interesting! 

So the verdict of fresh vs packaged soba, which one I prefer? The texture between them are different as the fresh one are more chewy and has a stronger buckwheat taste! Of course, if I have a choice.. the fresh one wins hands down!"
"Prix Fix Menu Daily from 5:30 pm - 7:00 pm... A little too early for dinner but a deal is a deal and I am into specials... So I made a reservation using Opentable for a 6:30 pm early dinner at Left Bank.

Talking about specials, I opt for the Wine Glass of the Day ($6) - Sangria... which is quite good... refreshing for a hot summer evening. You can also bring your own wine for $5 corkage fee Sunday to Tuesday... I guess I going to bring my own next time!! 

Prix Fix ($27) 

Organic Salad 
- boring prepackaged mixed green.. but the dressing has this little peppercorn kick to it... 
- sizable portion enough for 2... but I might just opt for the Soup of the Day instead

Ontario Trout
- cooked perfectly: crispy on the outside and moist on the inside
- love the chunky almond sauce: Amandine

Creme Caramel 
- smooth and rich with flavour but light at the same time!
- Banana cooked in liquor and covered in chantilly cream on the side round off the dessert with different texture and elements

We also ordered

Steamed Mussel ($10)
- The broth is so so so good... enough flavour to just compliment the freshness of the mussels.... I was using a spoon to drink it like a soup!!

Braised Lamb Shank ($19)
- great value as the dish is good portion with a lot of sides of fresh vegetables!
- Tender and well flavoured...Even the brandy and caramelized onion sauce is light and not overpowering

Service is excellent especially from our waiter who is patient and knowledgeable. 

Huge covered patio or if you prefers the dining room is also well appointed... great for a romantic date....

Left Bank Bistro is a good choice if you are looking somewhere for some decent food and a great price point!!"
"3.5 stars based on my dessert and cocktail experience.

I really like the feel and the set up of The Hoof Cafe. The rustic feel, the small intimate size, the friendly bartender, the dim lighting. +1 star

The Salty Tash ($9) I have is quite good... yes it is quite strong too... so that can be defined as good. 

The Sinking Ship ($6) not really to my liking.. It is really a deep fried chocolate cake/bread. I found it a little too dried and not really exceptional! (should have go to the flow and order Peaches and Cream....) I wish they have Bone Marrow Strawberry Beignets.

I really want to be back for their famous brunch menu then it is fair for me to give a much better and rounded review of this place!"
"Ala Shang Hai inside Pacfic Mall is the newest venture of Ala Kitchen.

Open concept red and white theme, the deco is chic and modern. There is even a patio like area by the side.

Menu is really similar, with fewer selection than their first location but the service here is a lot better and friendlier.

The few items we ordered were well prepared.

蒜泥黄瓜($4.99) Cucumber with Garlic Sauce
砂鍋云吞鸡湯($8.25) Wonton and Chicken in Soup
南翔小龍包($4.25) Steamed Pork Dumplings

A good choice for Shanghainese food if you are in Pacfic Mall!"
"Dropped by Stratusphere Yoga again using my Passport to Prana. 

This time is for a Hot Flow class taught by Mr. Yoga (www.mryoga.com). It was a Monday early evening class so it was not too busy, we only has 9 students. Daniel was really uplifting and fun instructor. He really spent the time to make sure we got the attention, help us in our poses. 

Though the class was more fitness based with pushed up and crunches... Yes My shoulders and my abs were sore the next day. This is quite different than the regular hot classes I usually attended.

I find the room temperature is just perfect. I guess I was all heated up after all the push ups! 

BTW, Stratusphere Yoga does provide complimentary mats.. the nice Jade Harmony mat! (http://www.jadeyoga.com/store/home.php) They are in the cabinet in the room for your use. Just make sure you spray with the mat cleaner after you finished using them. 

As noticed by Rana L., there is no water fountain! They are selling the small bottle water for $1. So make sure bring a huge bottle of your own or fill up your water bottle before coming, you will need it if you are in a hot class!"
"I dropped by for a Reduced Heat Level 2 lunch class using my Passport to Prana. 

Lina is the teacher, she is Ashtanga based so her class was more active, with a lot of flow and more challenging since it was a Level 2 classes. 

Though the class was only for 1 hour, it was physically challenging and I really got a workout. For inversions we did headstand, forearm stand and handstand. Lina was really patient and giving us pointers and tips so we can work on the poses based on our level. 

So if you do want a challenge, go to the Level 2 or 3 classes in this location, you won't be disappointed!

For the studio itself, new self combination locks has been installed so now you can lock all your valuables in the change room instead of leaving them in your car.

4.5 stars!"
"Montreal to Zurich flying in Business was a delightful experience.

Though my aircraft was not the newest model, but sufficient for a shorter flight to Europe.

The cabin and seat placement allows a lot of privacy. The single window seat is perfect for single traveller like myself. 

Service was professional and attentive. I was even offered to try out a few of the wines during dinner.

The movie selections was so good as I stayed up and binge watch the whole flight.

Getting to my destination on time in comfort always a good start for my vacation!"
"I finished a Two Pounds of Poutine ($8) - 3 Cheese & Curds, Pulled Pork and Gravy all by myself.

It was that good... Everything the way I like it, especially with the gravy not being over salty.. but it might not be a good thing for some other people?

Really 2 lbs?I ate the whole thing  all by myself... at least no one was watching!"
"The Yoga Sanctuary is coming uptown! Opened up recently first week of September and for their Grand Opening Specials all the classes are free till Sept 30!!

This location used to be Yoga Plus http://www.yelp.ca/biz/yoga-plus-richmond-hill. The Yoga Sancturay did a great job giving it a facelift, not only giving it a new layer of paint.. a new partition has put up and divided up the reception area/practice room. The washroom has been totally redone too.

Classes are all non heated but concentrate on Ashtanga and Vinyasa with some Hatha. So You will get a good workout even in a room temperature studio.

Front desk is super friendly and cheerful. She remembered my name already after the first class!!! 

Ashtanga class I attended was free sequencing with some postures from Primary Series. The instructor was inspriing and class full of energy.

I would try to drop by for a few more free classes and they also has new students special $20 for 10 days."
"I really enjoy my experience at Stiver Mill Farmers' Market.

Happens every Sundays from end of June to Mid October and held in the newly rebuilt, restored and renovated to it's original,  Stiver Mill in Main Street Unionville.

Though is smallish compares to others, most vendors here are from the area and really friendly! 

If you go around 3:30 pm, a lot of the vendors even offers end of day sale! 

And of course, after shopping there is the  business area on Main St and Toogood Pond where you can enjoy the rest of the afternoon!"
"I love Dessert Trends! It has qualities that makes me fall in love...

- Cute and Good Looking: nicely decorated 
- Great Personality: cheerful(in a sunny afternoon) and romantic(in the evening with the dim lighting)
- Tasty and Delicious: the lobster pasta for $20 is great! chunks of lobster tail and freshly made pasta! 
- Sweet yet Healthy: all those desserts and gelato... what more can I say.. and especially if it is made in house by their own chef!
- Patient and Understanding: our waiter is soft spoken and polite. Did not even blink when we just order 1 main to share and bring us complimentary bread!

Sweet Sweet DT! I will be back!"
"You will like Wok Wok Restaurant if you are looking for some cheap and comforting Chinese food..

You know that kind that are sinfully oily, fattening and high in cholesterol!

$5.50 all day specials with choice of drink (milk tea/coffee/soy bean drink/soup of the day)

Wok Wok is definitely a hole in the wall, in need of renovation. 

Beef with Rice Noodle ($5.50) with Milk Tea was A-OK at least it was made to order not like the one that were sitting under the heat lamp at hot food table in various supermarkets!

Parking is a nightmare though.. I just hate that parking lot! I ended up parked at level 5, but I guess was good to walk off the calories from my lunch!"
"@ Puff Cafe is another new cafe that opens on Yonge and Finch.

If you are into puffs filled with whatever (ice cream/cream/custard), you might be in for a treat.

The puffs though not as flaky as I preferred and a little small in size (I can just pop one in my mouth and ate that in one bite!).. but the different flavours and the presentation does make up for it!

Matcha Ice Cream Puffs (2/$4.27) perfect for a hot summer afternoon.

Matcha and Vanilla Custard Puffs (2/$3.27) has this toffee bits on top seems to be quite good as my friend just ate them in record speed...

The staffs here are super friendly. I love the set up of the space, cozy and homey. The mismatched furniture give this place a really casual feel... I can just stay here for hours just using their free WIFI and sip on all the different drinks they offers!"
"I don't know how much Style Furnish N Style has but just maybe not my Style?

Saleperson though friendly enough but I just don't like people following me everywhere and telling me every single piece can be custom made to whatever material I like. I think I would need to like something first?

The display is flea market like but without the pricing to match. A note to management, more selections doesn't mean better.

No Photographs signs are everywhere. Maybe they don't want to see how messy and crowded this place is?"
"Hungry for food before some beer drinking at The Roundhouse Craft Beer Festival in Toronto, my Yelp drinking buddy ended up getting a BBQ Pulled Pork on Brioche ($10) to share with me It was not bad but didn't wow me. The pork itself was a little dry but I am never a pulled pork fan. The tempura bits did add an interesting crunch to the sandwich itself.

Then a little later in the afternoon after some sampling, I was offered to share an order Nutella Bomb ($5) with him. When we broke up one of the bombs, all these sauce was oozing out and I know he would able to eat both bombs himself. They are just so good! Cornflakes batter deep fried, drizzled with Bourbon Caramel and real whipped cream on the side! 

3 star for the sandwich but 4.5 star for the bomb! I think this will be the only thing I will get from Food Dudes from now on!!"
"2.5 star 

Sometimes I lost track of which Congee place I was eating at.. Since they are all named similarly King, Queen, Time, Wong.. and the newcomer to the Scarborough area is Congee Town.

The deco is clean and simple... and though the restaurant is big, the owner packed the table capacity to the max... the problem is on a busy Good Friday late lunch hour, they don't really have enough staffs to handle the crowd.

""Take a number and wait"" which I don't really mind..but at least clean the tables and sit customers promptly. It was so annoying to see dirty empty tables left unattended while people anxiously waiting for their numbers to be call!

Lai Wan Style Congee ($3.95)
- good congee based..even the ingredients are quite interesting: roasted duck, pig skin, pork, squid...
- they did not put in any salt.. but you can always sprinkle some table salt to make it a little saltier..

Fried Turnip Patties ($5.25)
- The turnip was quite tasty, as they deep fried the diced patties so it is hot
- the shrimp and the chicken though are cold, though they were fully cooked but kind of gross me out a little

Fried Eggplant/Tofu ($3.75)
- freshly deep fried and the black bean sauce with a hint of spiciness giving them a kick, A- OK

Mince Beef Cilantro Rice Roll ($2.95)
- portion is a little small... the beef lack the Cilantro flavour and it was like paper thin... 

The food served quickly after we ordered that was a pleasant surprise since it was so busy. Wait services though really lacking, staffs really over worked and grumpy.

The tea cups and bowls are all chipped.. so be really careful when you sip your tea... for a place that is newly opened that should not be happening!

Maybe I might come back on another day to try out their noodles dishes.. but definitely not when I have to wait for a table! The food at Congee Town really doesn't worth the wait!"
"I wish there are more Hole in the Wall like La Distributrice that makes excellent espresso drinks around town.

It is nice to sit in a coffee shop that has wifi, comfy seating, perfect cup ware but if the drinks that are not well made, I would rather give up all those perks.

La Distributrice is just so simple, good coffee on the GO.

This is one of the rare time I don't mind drinking out from a paper cup."
"One Exit One Entrance...One will never get lost...

Right across from the Ramsden Park..always quiet and never busy.

And of course not being underground, I always able to get a signal for my cellphone...

No special designated drop off or pick up area...just tell your friends or your ride to pick you up at Black Camel across or the street!!"
"A brand new location of Rabba Fine Foods Stores!!

So spacious!! And everything so clean, new and organized!

I can see a lot of potential for this location since it is right across from old age home and medical facilities 

Business hours of 24 hours is so convenient.."
"3.5 Star

There is nothing too ""Thai"" about Sukho Thai aside from the food they offers. 

I do like this new location much better than their first one on Parliament. Close to King Subway Station and take reservations! The inside is really roomy but the deco is more modern pub like and not that hole in the wall vibe.

We were lucky to arrived right before the lunch rush. There were a party of over 20 that  came in for lunch gathering and we rushed to put our order through, if not I cannot imagine how long would be the wait for our food!

Larp Gai ($12)
Sukho Thai Pad Thai ($14)
Beef Massaman ($12)

Thai Spicy was requested but it was a little weak for the spice level. I was digging around my larp gai looking for fresh chili pepper and could not even find any. However, the Massaman though not spicy but the flavour was really balanced and complex.

If you looking authentic Thai food, Sukho Thai is good choice comparing to a lot of other Thai restaurants in the area. I will say go for it!"
"3.5 stars

Sun's kitchen for sure is the busiest food stall at the food court in Pacific Mall's Heritage Village.

It is fun to see how the guy pulling the noodle right in front of you! Bang Bang Bang! Flip Flip Flip! (looks like great arm strengthening and with cardio components exercise routine) +0.5 star

I ordered Carleen L's favourite the Beef Pull Noodle soup ($5.99) with a soy drink. The soup base is ok, a little on the salty side but the soup based is not rich with beef flavour. The noodle is ok, I found noodle a little undercook because some of them has a floury taste. Extra half star is awarded to the generous amount of bok choy makes this a balance meal! (protein+carb+veggie)

Love the all photos menu, it does make selection a little easier!

Great friendly services! 

They accepts Cash only!"
"The Social Cupcake's cupcake might not be the best cupcakes I ever had, but they are quite decent. 

I ended up trying 3 of their mini cupcakes ($1.75 each) and the cake base is really moist and have good flavour, especially love the Apple Crisp that has a real chunk of apple inside! The Cookie and Cream has enough sweetness but not overpowering at all.

The staff here are nice and pleasant. A great option if you are into sweet next time when you are in the Port Credit area! 

*The Social Cupcake uses organic free trade cocoa, Neilson Massey Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla extract, free range eggs, sweet cream butter, fresh fruit and fruit purees, and fresh citrus zests."
"I think I am converted after eating the duck tongue from Kung Fu Duck! 

Can I confess that I never have duck tongue before in my life until 1 month ago? Duck Tongue is not as gross as you think it maybe, at least close your eyes and give it a try! 

The reason I like Kung Fu Duck's tongue is the nice, complex, tasty spice. Yes it is so good and tasty! 

BTW, a warning!! Eating good tasty duck tongue is really addictive! You cannot just eat 1 or 2 or 3.. you will ended up eating everything before you can stop! Advice: share that with a friend and you both will be happy as over indulge on duck tongue is not a good thing!"
"I have to say that Richtree Market Restaurant has the healthiest food options compare to other fast food place in the food court.

My Caprese Panini ($3.89) was sizable and reasonable priced. And the other sandwiches are all under $4. The nice lady have my panini heated up in the sandwich presser..

Why am I eating a meatless sandwich for lunch?"
"SOJU! SOJU!

Pojangmacha Restaurant aka North York Restaurant is a really cool place! Thanks for fellow yelpers Susan C in organizing this UYE so I have a chance to try out this interesting Korean restaurant. If not I really don't know what I am missing!

Strawsberry, Grapes, Yogurt, Lemon Soju these are all the Soju that we tried. They served in cute little pot and drink with shot glasses. They tasted like Cool Aid and yes you suppose to down it in one shot! They are really tasty! I can drink that the whole night. One problem is I wondering how much sugar I consumed..

""Soju is usually drunk in group gatherings while eating, unmixed and portioned into individual shot glasses. It is against traditional custom in Korea to fill one's own glass. Instead, it must be filled by someone else at the table. This promotes a spirit of thoughtfulness and camaraderie"" from Wikipedia. 

I did a good job doing it filling out everyone shot glasses!

The food is decent too, we have the sweet and spicy chicken, seafood pancake, spicy seafood with rice cake. The only thing I don't like is the cheese omelette with ketchup. The portions are great and good to share with a group!

There are a lot of young Koreans hanging out here on Saturday night.

I would definitely be back for another visit and drink more Soju!

Not to mention the prices are great!

They accepts interac."
"Sul Irmaos (Southern Brothers) does have an interesting sandwich menu. Love the different combination of elements but does those work in a sandwich? 

But I found out after the first bite of The Beefeater ($8.75) - Southern Slow Smoked Brisket, Deep Fried Okra-Shrimp Crunch, Collard Greens, served with Creole Mustard, that I dislike okra a lot more than I realized! Even deep frying it not helping at all. The beef though tender, has a texture of roast beef instead of brisket!

I though really enjoyed the Pulled Pork Beanasaurus ($8.75) - Southern Slow Smoked Pulled Pork,  Baked Beans,  Slaw and Fried Mac & Cheese Bites. The combination of the ingredients gave it a interesting flavour. I heart Mac & Cheese Bites!!

Sul Irmaos being a smokehouse, I do find the meat lack any smokiness in both beef brisket and pulled pork. 

Owner/Server was super nice and friendly. I don't mind coming back again to try out other sandwiches when I am in the area."
"I always love Menchie's Fro Yo for the flavours and toppings.

Parking here can be dangerous and confusing!

Sharing the parking lot with all these restaurants, bakeries, coffee shops can making find a parking space a frustrating experiences especially during perk hours..which for here is all the time!

Maybe, I need to park all the way at the back at Galleria and just walk over if I really want some fro yo!"
"Saturday at 6 and every tables at Congee Delight are occupied. 

Good luck if you are a large group without a reservation.

At least as a single diners like me you will feel welcome...as there are couple of small tables that are perfect for a party of 1 or 2.

Shrimp Dumpling Noodle Soup ($4.55)
- a little heavy on the MSG... don't drink the soup.. you will regret that
- The noodles though have excellent bite
- Fresh shrimps and plenty of them in the dumplings went well with the bamboo shoots and the fungus, great texture

Congee Delight's vast menu is great with a big group or anytime of the day!

They accepts Visa and Master Card."
"3.5 Star

This Boston Pizza review is based on drinks and service at the bar area only.

This might be one of the best Boston Pizza I have been to. 

The setup though identical to other locations since it is basically a franchise but it does have something unique that other franchise locations does not offers.

Local Crafted Beer Falcon Ale from Stouffville Brewing Co available both in Tall Boys and Draft. Triple Bogey from Toronto in Tall Boys.

There is also daily drink specials including domestic pints for $3.99 on Sundays, Mondays and other tall boys, bottles, bucket specials.

Service here is fast and friendly as there were a few waitress working in the bar area."
"This is the second time I have iHalo Crunch so I guessed I really enjoyed my first experience down at Queen Street pop up.

There were a few people in line but the line moved fast even on a Sunday afternoon. I did want to order a twist but sadly they were out of coconut so I settled on just the ube in a cone.

For $7, it might sounded pricey but the portion is fair. I do love ube! 

I am happy that iHalo Crunch decided to set up an outlet in Vaughan Mills. Soft serve ice cream while taking a break from walking around this massive mall definitely is a treat!"
"Mount Joy Go Station is my to go Go Station if I need to park my car when I taking the bus or train downtown.

The parking lot is huge compare to Markham Go Station just down the road. I like how it is really well lit and there is also a second lot if you have problem finding a spot in the main lot.

There is also the waiting area is sheltered and has an actual door that help blocking the freezing cold on a -30C windchill days. There is also a covered bicycle parking area! 

New ticketing machine also been installed recently.

Extra 0.5 star for keeping the roadway clear even on snow day, at least my car was not stuck after major snow storms."
"I need a Micro Sim Card for my phone so I can get on one of the Pay As U Go daily plan with unlimited text, call and data when I travel in the US.

The staffs at this T-Mobile's location is just wonderful! Professional, patient and so eager to help! I have everything set up and ready to go in less than 15 minute!!

And of course, I am a happy camper when I have my data plan and can use my Yelp App to research and check in when I eat/drink around the States!

I won't be lost again!!!"
"Aroma Espresso Bar inside Fairview Mall has a different setup than most of the other Aroma I been to. I do like how it is in the middle of the hallway right underneath the skylight, a great place to people watch while enjoying a cup of coffee.

The Espresso Macchiato I ordered was A-OK. But of course, I was a little more excited to pair it with the piece of chocolate that came complimentary with my drink.

Aroma is probably the best option inside Fairview Mall if you want a decent espresso drink serves in a proper cup even with a latte art. The other option which is Second Cup, is not even close to what Aroma can offer!"
"Great selection of pet's supplies. I love the newer Pet Valu a lot since they are a lot more spacious and their merchandise always set up in a way that is much easier for browsing!

Self Served Dog Wash at the back with 2 stations so there is never a wait if your dog needs a quick wash.

Staff is so friendly and helpful.. (patiently looking at the photos of my dog and give me some advice about how to make his washing experience better!)"
"Walking into Kusmi Tea is just like walking into a high end boutique for tea.

The white glossy interior vs the colourful product package design is just so eye pleasing.

I had been here a couple of time during my weekend to Montreal. Service always professional and cheerful.

The staff even opened up a new package of loose tea leaves for me when I was buying bulk.

The only store owned by Kusmi in Canada. Must visit if you love their tea and want to sniff them all before buying!"
"Tangerine Asian Cuisine is really a great lunch restaurant! This is especially if you want good cheap spicy lunch!

This place is packed during lunch hour. Got there around 12:40 pm and there is a wait for table. I got to share a table with another single guest. So I guess I am not eating alone ? :)

The lunch menu is huge compare to Ferderick's or China Cottage. Anything you can think of is in the menu for $5.95 or $6.95 which includes a spring rolls and a can of pop.

The waiter is really nice and family. I ask him to recommend something really spicy. He recommended the Manchurian Chicken ($5.95) and make it extra spicy for me. 

My order arrive quickly. Yes the order is huge. The chicken is deep fried first then cooked in spicy sauce with chilli and garlic. Not too spicy for me however it makes me feel nice and warm in my tummy.

I really enjoy my lunch, but I do wish there is some veggie in the dishes, since veggie are good for me. OK there are some cabbage in my spring roll.. but that would not have count? I guess I can be unhealthy once in awhile.

I will definitely be back for lunch and try out other items! It will take me a long long time to try them all out!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I have not been to Toronto Zoo for years. It is has the similar set up as I remembered, aside from the addition of the Giant Pandas!

We were here on a hot summer day. I was expected the worse since I was told there was a line up to see the pandas! But luckily the wait was just 10 minute or so. 

This may not be a perfect environment for the wild animals but most of them seems to be well taken of. It is a great set up for young kids to learn about all the animals around the World. 

Bring your walking shoes and drink a lot of water to stay hydrated. If you do have your own water bottle, there is a fountain inside the Zootique. The drinks and food is overpriced and selection is limited. There are a picnic area scattered around the park if you pack your own lunch."
"I won't be surprise that one day someone told me that they find their soul mate while waiting in line to use the washroom at UNIT Bar!

Seriously, the patrons here are amazingly friendly... how often you have a bunch of people start making small talks while waiting to use the loo??! 

The crowds here are young and full of energy. Music pumping with live DJ on the floor on Saturday night... No lines to get in! Don't be scare by that big security guy in the front.... he is super nice too!

The inside though is quite dark... and everyone does looks much better in the dark?! 

Oh, where is my Yelp Drinking Buddy? Busy with some girls he met queueing up for the washroom??"
"Hua Xing BBQ House is located in the food court at New Kennedy Square on Kennedy just South of Hwy 7.

Am I ungrateful to rate this place at 2 star? Since someone nice enough to treat me and even offered home delivery?

Am I too being too harsh since for $3.99 one get a full box of BBQ with rice and veggie and even a daily soup?

Roasted Pork with Round Rice Noodle
- The skin of the roasted pork is crunchy and tasty, the best part of the meal, the meat itself is not bad too
- The noodle though is overcooked, soggy and the soup based tasteless.. 

Roasted Chicken  with Rice
- even with dark meat the chicken is tough, dried and lack BBQ flavour.

If you are hungry and you just want to eat something cheap and fast, maybe Hua Xing is good enough for you... 

I will pass...... Next!"
"This Xe Lua is located inside Woodside Square and is one of the better Xe Lua I have been to.

Great location if you are doing something in the mall as I can go to the Library, Shop at LCBO and Shoppers and even pick up some grocery without even moving my car!

People working here are super friendly. My Special Pho Medium ($6) is reasonably priced and the soup based is nice and well flavoured! Extra point for fresh rice noodle!

The combination meal for 2 for $17 is definitely the best deal as it even comes with appetizer and free drinks!"
"I have been watching and waiting for this Whole Foods Market to open for months... 

And finally, today it is open officially. 

A nice additional of the neighbourhood if you want to have organic, holistic and healthy options. 

I am really interested in their coffee beans area, great to able to buy beans in bulk.

Great selections of everything, though a little more pricey than other options.. but it is always good to have more stores for people living at Uptown Markham to shop and meetup here.

Grand opening was predictably busy even during early afternoon.

Staffs are so friendly and helpful. Kept handing me free samples to try...

I will definitely be back again and again... free WiFi...oh yes for sure

PS How come no walk in fridge with all these crafted beers like in Portland's?..Maybe one day I will find one of those in grocery stores near me...

4/15"
"Wow Sushi, what a cheesy name! But really Wow means harmony in Chinese, a reflection of the Chinese roots of the Chefs/Owners of this restaurant!

WOW!!! I was so impressed!! I am WOWED! 

Disclaimer: if you are into traditional Japanese cuisine, you might not like Wow because Wow is really Japanese cuisine with a modern twist!

Chirushi Lunch $13 is one of the best I ever had, at least at this price point! The selections of fish, the presentation, the freshness and the attention to detail. The waitress named all the fish for me when she served me. 

Salmon so fatty from Greece, Seared Tuna and Butter Fish garnished with crispy fried garlic done perfectly, even the Tamago which I usually dislike was done perfectly! The presentation was so good and you can tell thoughts were put in to how the different ingredients would affect the eating experience. 

While I enjoying my lunch, with every bite I couldn't stop thinking this is much better than Zen, Le Michi and dare I said better than YUZU! When I told the waitress that, she had this big smile on her face! Apparently the young sushi chef used to work at Yuzu and a lot of other finer Japanese restaurants  before he and his brother decided to has this sushi place!!

Keep up the good work, young chef!! I will be back and try your skills again! And next time I will be having some sushi with sake as they are getting their LCBO licence soon!

Using my limited Japanese vacobulary I said goodbye and thank you! The chef was even bowing at me in utmost respect! I think I should be bowing to him for giving me such a wonderful experience! 

* A suggestion for area of improvement: the tea!! The tea was really weak and tasted like water... use better tea leaves!"
"I am usually not a Poutine Lover until but Baldwin Street Burger might have converted me.

Even their most basic poutine ($5) was so good. Loaded with cheese curds, I mean loaded... and the gravy was hot enough to melt the cheese to make it all stringy. The gravy itself was not over salty.. just perfect. 

And for the Burger, oh yes we did order a burger. 

The Southern BBQ ($8) - Double smoked bacon, coleslaw, smoked cheddar, bourbon-birch beer bbq sauce

Cooked when order using local naturally raise beef. 

I like how all signature burgers are for $8 and for $3.25 extra I can upgrade to a combo and for extra $2 even to a poutine.

Burger was good, love how the toppings worked well together, but can I have more poutine!

Definitely worth visiting if you are in the area, it is on the way to Cottage Country. A great pit shop! 

Can I have more poutine, please?!"
"I am always a fan of Global Pet Foods!

This newly opened Global Pet Foods has a great selection of holistic, organic and natural pet food. So many snack and treat choices that would have made my dog so happy that he would do anything for me!

There is also a self serve dog wash area in the back.  

Staff are helpful and know their products well, which is always helpful with such a huge variety the store carries!

Airmiles, Frequent buyer program, accept AMEX all A+ for me!

Wait, you can even get your pet licence here for City of Markham!"
"2.5 Star

There is a reason that this newly opened ""Vietnamese"" restaurant has this funny name. At first I thought it means Viet Cong but it really refers to its Hong Kong Vietnamese Style food. Or you can call Asian Fusion?!

I came by for lunch and surprisingly I did not order anything off the lunch menu as most of the items are priced at close to $10 and mostly rice based or stir fried noodle. Almost all the customers were ordering Beef Noodle Soup instead. I think they might have to redo their lunch menu.

Special Beef Noodle Large ($7.95) has a nice broth with a good mix of herbs: star anise. I suggest not to order anything with the beef flank as one of the toppings as the beef flank/tendon was one of the toughest rubbery thing I ever ate.

Viet Kong also has an Afternoon Tea menu from 2:30 pm. 

So Lunch and Afternoon Tea Set just like Hong Kong Style Cafe but with Asian Fusion/Vietnamese food?

Not bad for a neighbourhood restaurant just for variety but definitely not worth going out of your way for this.

Grand Opening Special 10% off."
"First Taste of Vietnamese http://www.yelp.ca/biz/taste-of-vietnam-toronto, then Pho 33 http://www.yelp.ca/biz/pho-33-vietnamese-restaurant-scarborough and now Bong Lua...

A different owner, a new coat of paint and another new Vietnamese restaurant!

Special House Pho Large ($6.50) is huge... I wish I ordered the small. Enjoyed how the raw beef is really raw... but the broth is not hot enough. I found the broth a little bland and lack any complexity.

A family owned restaurant so it does have a really friendly vibe....

I might come back to try other item on the menu..."
"Dropped by The Hoof Cafe for a drink and a quick snack on Sunday evening. 

The place was packed but just a short wait and we got to sit at one of the tables. 

Personally I prefer sitting at the bar a lot more because I find the bartender a lot more attentive, charming and fun. then the lone waitress that has to take care of all the tables...

Duggan's Brewery #9 IPA 6.2% A.B.V. ($5)
- nice strong ale malt with a hint of citrus and caramel..
- Bitter and sweet at the same time

Suckling Pork Belly ($12)
- love the crispy salad on the side..Those are really addictive... I have to say they tasted like chips?! a little crunchy, a little crispy but definitely was vegetables
- The Pork Belly is as tender and melt in the mouth as expected.. and went well with the reduction sauce on the side....

Bone Marrow ($8)
- Fatty and Oily... and grossing my friend out.. :P
- So ended up I ate the whole order...which is not much! :P

I think Hoof Cafe is better to come for Brunch or a drink .. and if you really want to have good food and services during dinner, it is much better off to just go the Black Hoof instead.

The cafe itself did get super noisy... and I thought Chinese dim sum restaurant is noisy :)"
"Rainbow Cinema is good if you looking for a simple neighborhood style movie night.

Here you might not get the newest or latest movie technologies but at $5 Tuesday, $7 Matinee and $9 regular prices, I am not complaining! They still showing the new release movies anyway.

The inside of the theatre is clean and well maintained. 

I might come here to chill on a hot summer afternoon when outside feels like it is 40c!"
"Coming here on a Tuesday to an empty restaurant.

Maybe my waiter never expect anyone to be coming in for dinner? He was sure a little confused: gave us the lunch menu instead of dinner, told us the wrong items for the prix fixe menu. Making me more confused.... but as the night went on, he did put himself together. 

$25 prix  fixe menu Monday to Wednesday at Fishbone Bistro is quite decent.

Choice of : Soup/Salad, Fish/Chicken and Dessert

Mushroom Soup was tasty and have good aroma
Fish perfectly pan fried 
Mini banana  Doughnuts with caramel dipping on the side was the best dish of the day! 

Seafood Paella ($22) though tasty the portion is really small = pricey!

Suggestion: Maybe a printout or a chalkboard that would be updated with the item selections and a more detail description of what offers. Just telling me Fish or Chicken for the main didn't help me and I felt like I am on one of the flights eating horrible food on the planes.

Fishbone Bistro is a decent Portuguese restaurant, especially up in Stouffville. Good but not amazing. If you are in the area, definitely give them a try.

5/15"
"Aurora Ribfest with only 5 ribbers and a small kid's midway area is one of the smallest rib fest I have been to in the area. 

We arrived on the first day of the event and it was a little quiet. No lines for anything... and the vendors were all super friendly and full of energy!

The beer garden was a little disappointing though offers only Molson and Cools Light...

The good thing is you have to be 19 to be able to enter the event ground from 8 pm to closing. So if you are thinking of bring your kids for some late night fun, you might be deny entry!

The parking lot closest to the event is small but there is ample parking at the Community Centre across the street."
"Petsmart located in Woodbine/Hwy 7 is the usual location where I pick up some toys, some treats and some can food for my dog.

I really enjoy shopping there because the store is spacious so all dogs are welcome to drop in with their owners. Nothing beat a wet, snowy day when your dog has been indoors from all these time to go out and socialize with other people and dogs and shopping at the same time!

They do carry a few decent brand of dog food that I don't mind getting.. e.g Blue Buffalo (http://www.bluebuff.com/) and they have the oven baked cookies treats too...

Make sure you get the free Pet Perks card so you will get specials pricing for some of the products and they will mail you $5 off coupons once in awhile too!"
"Shanghai Wok always looks closed to me whenever I drove by before or after my yoga class. 

The windows and doors looks like they are caked with oil. And indeed this is really a small, homey and rundown dirty cheap Chinese restaurant.

Food though is really good for the price and if you can overlook the sticky floors and tables? 

Shanghai Wonton in Claypot ($4.99) has 12 house made wontons serving bubbling hot! 

A small family business: a husband and wife team. A homey and authentic place if you want something simple."
"The last time I went to Brix Napa Valley was like years ago... I found their food uninspiring and overpriced.... and years later with my recent visit, I still felt the same...and maybe it will be years later again before I would even bother coming back... 

I am glad to be invited as one of the foursomes to utilized a group buy deal at Brix Napa Valley.. Friends, Food, Wine and Deal... I am IN! 

Empty restaurant on Tuesdays... no cougar...no preys...just us Yelpers drinking wine and talking nonsense....... 

2 drinkers in our group that we have no problems finished the 2 bottles of wine... Wine selections are good but pricey.... 

I got to sample the following: 

Tuna Tacos ($14) 
Brix Truffle Fries ($7) 
Black Cod ($28) 
Slow Roast Lamb ($29) 
Spinach & Ricotta Ravioli ($17) 
Sticky Toffee & Date Pudding ($6.75) 
Molten Chocolate Fondant ($6.75) 

All of the above tasted OK... but I found them not worth the price they were charging..... and they tasted like food that are from those big chained restaurants with not much character to them! 

Don't bring a Vegetarian friend! On the menu the only choice for vegetarian is the Ravioli... But if your vegetarian friend is just a heavy drinker then just order her a bottle of wine and some fries! 

I don't think I'll be back....."
"Love the patio at Brazen Head Irish Pub! 

Nothing beat having a drink on the patio after wandering around Liberty Village!

There are option of shade and full sun because of the size of the patio. I always opt for the half shaded as I get burnt really easily.

Service is efficient and friendly. Beer selection is meh but I do enjoy drinking my Hoegaarden. 1/2 price appetizer during Happy Hour, sounds good to me!"
"Hard to believe! But I did drive all the way from Markham to eat at New Fusion Restaurant.

Came with a low expectation but was pleasantly surprised. 

We ordered 
- Sweet and Sour Chicken with Rice: Love how they used fresh pineapple of the canned variety! The batter is thin and crunchy and all the pieces never turned soggy! The sauce has this nice balance and honestly, this is one of the best ones I had in GTA.

- Fried Rice Noodle with Beef: It has a nice hot off the wok aroma. But sadly the beef was overcooked and dry. This might be a pass for me.

The above comes with Soup of the Day and a Choice of drink

New Fusion Restaurant probably the best choice of Chinese food in the area. I would even gladly drive up to try other dish. 

Service is fast and friendly."
"This Davids Tea location is inside Oakville Place. 

Friendly staffs and usual collections of loose tea leaf. There is also a small takeout area if you want to enjoy some tea.

The unsecured WIFI signal is so strong, I can log in even when I was chilling on one those sofas upstairs in the common area."
"Bread & Roses in located inside Bayview Village Shopping Centre. A second location of http://www.yelp.ca/biz/bread-and-roses-bakery-cafe-toronto Bread and Roses in Bloor West Village.

Super busy on a Sunday afternoon. A good place for baked goods, a sandwich or cookie.

They carries Rahier's products too. 

There is seating both inside and outside of the Cafe. 

Butter Tarts ($2.75) and Tea ($2.65) were great as an afternoon tea break or they have espresso or smoothies too."
"2.5 

Pop Up House is located in the 2nd Floor of T&T Unionville. Opens 7 days a week till 9 pm. The owner is really nice and I admire her dedication.

The 2 flavours cup is a great idea! I highly recommend that. Just so neat that you can have 2 different drinks in 1 order. You of course can share that with your date. The selection is a little overwhelming as you can have a combination of milk based or green/black tea based with toppings. And now they have a special if you buy a bbt, you will get a milk tea with 1 topping for free. So this is insanely cheap ($3.99 for 2 drinks!)

Hong Kong Egg Waffles for $1 with a purchase of a drink, I would not recommend the waffles at all. Though seems like great value, mine was overcooked. It was hard as a rock and dry. 

Pop Up House has potential as I can tell the owner really putting in a lot of time into the business. I won't suggest you go out of your way but if you are in the neighbourhood, maybe you can give them a try?

There are just so many bbt places in Markham, I don't really think they will be around if they don't make some improvements on their offerings,"
"Red Rocket Coffee is kind of out of the way, in the middle of nowhere... no where in the sense that there is no other business around only an old age home... some apartments.. oh yes St James Town... 

There are hardly any seatings in the Cafe... 3 small round tables... a little open area... where a couple of wheelchairs can park. They are making this place more like a takeout place VS people will be hanging around like a community meeting place. I would feel uncomfortable to park myself with my laptop for a long time to make it my Yelp office even though they have Wifi Access! 

The 2 guys are so nice... polite, cheerful and with big smile!! A lot of positive energy! 

Red Rocket with Mayan Chocolate... hmmm... my 3 faves in life... strong coffee/Chocolate/Spicy!! Just love that straight up.. definitely a grown up drink.. :) bitter, spicy and chocolaty at the same time (+0.5 star) Indie Passport Drink!

Herbal Tea ($2.20 for any size) there are 6 different type to choose from.. the loose leaf samples are all at the counter in little jars for you to smell before you decide what you want... I do think that is a really nice touch! 

The HUGE floor to ceiling windows let plenty of sunlight in and great view of dog walking their owners... :P But the whitish decoration does remind me of Ikea..."
"I am just so excited that Zen Cafe & Lounge opens at Richlane Mall. About time that this area has a decent cafe aside from all these bubble tea places!

Love hose oversized sofas and armchairs. I could just sink it in and chill for the afteroon.

There are over 12 different kind of organic tea to choose from. My nice server have a tray of samples for me to pick, most of them are herbal tea though. A pot of tea for $3.25 is quite reasonable.

If you are into sweet, you won't be disappointed as there are mini cakes, macarons and varieties of cheese cake from Cheesecake Factory to choose from. 

There are various weekday specials.

And if you want a drink.. I  mean an alcoholic drinks, they do have beers and cocktails.

I will be back to try out their coffee or even have a matcha latte soon."
"Heard about Solo Sushi Ya for the longest time... as a Japanese food fanatic, I am dying to try out this place and see if it is really worth my while to drive all the way up to Newmarket.

Solo Sushi Ya is small nice, traditional Japanese restaurant.. the way that I envision Japanese places should be... I just find the modern deco really take away the experience... and some of the places trying to be too hip and too fusion...

Udon and soup noodle only serves during lunch time.. so I decide to try out the Tempura Udon and one of the sushi set... (I wish I can try out the omakase menu one day!!)

University Sushi Set ($17.95)
- nom nom nom... all the fish here are really fresh! Salmon and Tuna are great cut.. melt in your mouth fattiness... 
- Remember not to add wasabi in your soya sauce, Chef has put in the right amount of wasabi in the sushi itself to compliment the fish!!
- Shari rice I found it a little too vinegary for my taste

Tempura Udon ($10)
- Excellent dashi soup base... the star of this dish!! Nice and complex flavour salty and sweet the same time... we both drink all the soup
- Udon is nicely cooked not too soft with a certain bite...
- Shrimp and vegetable all lightly battered... just love it!! :)

Chef really took control of the whole restaurant, giving orders to the nice server..and make sure everyone are happy... Just love how the Chef/Cook are there to have full interaction with all the patrons!!

PS I got to use REAL chopsticks!! Not one of those disposables!!

Now the question is WHEN can I come back for Omaskase ($55)?? WHEN???"
"2.5 Star

Thai Room Management the winner of the Diamond Award for Best Thai Restaurant, that's what the website states. I really wondering what this rewards all about and where's this ""Best"" Thai restaurant located.

The Thai Room I went to in Thornhill for lunch was just a little disappointing. Services and the deco both A-OK. Maybe I have too much expectation about the food.

Phad Kee Mao Chicken ($10.99) get the spiciness from the used on chili oil and bottled preserved green chili. Be warned not to request extra spicy as it will end up to be a dish soaked in oil.

Grand Opening Special 25% off till end of September. Then a lunch special menu will be launched. Maybe I wait till then to try other dishes?"
"Alton Restaurant might be the cheapest place for lunch in the whole Scarborough!

$3.99 will get you a huge bowl of noodle and a drink before 5:30 pm, even cheaper than food court offerings!

Tables and menus a little sticky, Waitress throwing menus across the tables. This is just so cheap and dirty Chinese.

Great for a quick bite and don't expect gourmet food but this is cheaper than cooking at home!!"
"Great location as an event space. Conveniently accessible by subway and Go Transit. Amble parking in the area with City Hall Parking just across the street.

Being on the 8th floor give you a great view of Toronto's Cityscape: Nathan Philip Square and Old City Hall. 

The venue itself is quite narrow so I don't think it works that well as a wedding venue with sit down dinner. However, great for corporate, trade show and product launching events where the participate can walk around and mingle with others."
"Though Parsian Fine Food is no Super Khorak http://www.yelp.ca/biz/super-khorak-north-york#hrid:6VizCavFOIc14UlkjIY5JQ/src:self ... but I really enjoyed shopping here a lot more.

Everything here is clean, organized.. and you can find whatever you need and more in terms of Persian grocery.

Hours may be limited since they are not open 24/7.. but most nights it is open till at least 10:30 pm.

They also have a cooked food take out section and a sweet section, prices are compatible to other takeout places I been to.

But the reason why I enjoyed my experience here because of the friendly staffs.. How often that I was offered a taste of a few of their Persian ice cream without asking?? That's what I call friendly service!! And I love their drinks and ice cream section.. even their drinks, they let you sample before you buy!!"
"Saying Goodbye is hard to do. 

But there comes a time that you have to upgrade and replaced your old electronics. How about that huge bulky and so out of date television that no one even wants it or no charity would take it?

Markham Household Hazardous Waste Depot would accept it with a smile. The staff here even help you get them off your van/suv with a push cart. Trust me, those old televisions are just so damn heavy!

Aside from electronics, you can bring various kind of household waste so those items can be disposed off safely without harming the environment.

The entrance is really at Rodrick and the sign is quite small so drive slowly if not you might just missed it.

Time for a new TV?!"
"When I in a rush and want something quick and fast, I always turn to Chinese BBQ places.

Today is another day like this and I saw Pink Heong and I know what I am having for lunch. OK, lie... it is a FTR and I am on a budget today, so that's why I am here.

BBQ Pork and Roasted Duck with Rice/Soup ($5.50)  was quite good. The BBQ pork has a good mixture of fat and lean meat and has this sweet honey taste. The duck has this really crispy skin and the meat was moist. 

Not the best, but is convenient and at least Pink Heong looks and feels clean."
"I love Green Tea Lounge's concept of serving Home Style Japanese food. Simple and delicious.

I love the idea of able to customize my Soba Set ($9.80) the way I prefer from the salad dressing (sesame mayo), the protein (breaded pork), the dip (sweet miso sauce), the rice (multi-grain). 

It was quite filling and the pork just prepared perfectly: juicy and tender inside, crunchy and crispy outside. I think I going to order the Curry with Breaded Pork ($9.80)!!

There is also some small bite (Natto for my Yelp friend?) or some sweet.

As the name implies, they also serves pots of loose leaf tea and even Matcha Tea.

Service is friendly and cheerful. The waitress has this cutest smile just like the girl next door...

I usually go to Cafe Green Tea for a quick bowl of noodle but they closes early at 7 pm every night.. now I know where I can get some home style Japanese food for dinner!"
"Thai Villa looks like a takeout joint located inside one of those mega plaza that has super sized every stores... 

But once you walk in and you will be amazed by the nicely decorated interior with all these authentic Thai deco.

Lunch Specials for $8.25 mostly a rice dish but good value as it comes with soup, spring rolls and a drink!...

Singapore Laksa ($9.99)  as usual caught my eyes. Not surprisingly it is not as good as the ones I had in Singapore. But adding extra sambal sauces does makes it a lot more tastier!

Lunch Specials - Beef Curry with Rice does have the heat. The beef was first fried then cooked in the sauce so still tender. The spiciness of this dish made my friend face turned all red and sweating. Eating this definitely good for him because it has so much vegetables inside! 

The menu here is extensive, maybe just too extensive! As usual is hard to prepare a good version of that many dishes. Talk to the friendly staffs, they will definitely give you some helpful suggestion!

10% Grand Opening discount 

Free Wifi.. maybe I can hang around here a little longer..."
"Yorkdale Subway Station is another subway station I frequent when I'm using TTC. 

Free Parking after 9:30 AM on weekdays and Free weekends and holidays is the main reason I been coming back. Covered parking area which is designated especially for TTC commuters. Of course able to shop at Yorkdale before or after is always an added incentives? 

The platform is above ground , so you really need to bundle up while you waiting for your train arrive during winter, it can be bitter cold!"
"Thai Food is a Thai restaurant owned by a Thai family.

I have this waitress who is around 10 years old trying to pour me a glass of cold water.. and she said she is going to call her dad out and take my order. How more family run can a place like that be?

20 choices of lunch specials all priced at $8.99 that includes a hot and sour soup and spring rolls. I ended up ordering:

Pad Thai with Chicken 
- just too saucy for my taste. and the sauce was one dimensional.. just sour and nothing else... 
- Chicken pieces not cooked through, still cold inside. I do have a strong stomach so didn't make me sick
- Noodles was really soggy due to all the sauce

Hot and sour soup and spring rolls were both meh...

For $8.99, I was not really full after eating that... maybe it is good at least my lunch didn't make me fat??"
"4.5 star

This review is based on Early Bird dim sum special before 11 am $3 for S/M/L at this newest Chinese restaurant in Richmond Hill.

Yang's Chinese Cuisine used to be Yang's Izakaya. The change over is definitely for the better, much better. The interior's decoration is just impressive: high ceiling and  everything so plushy!

The dim sum we ordered were all well prepared with care. Some of them has a much delicate flavour with no MSG. 

順峰蝦餃皇 (L) Steamed House Special Shrimp Dumplings
蟹子蝦燒賣 (L) Steamed Shiu Mai with Minced Shrimp and Roe
潮洲粉菓 (M) Steamed Dumpling in Chiu Chow Style
酱王蒸鳳爪 (M)Steamed Chicken Feet with Supreme Sauce
瑤柱蒸節瓜條 (L) Stuffed Melon Ring with Dried Scallop
准山鮮菌札 (L) Steamed Yam Roll with Mushroom
豆苗鮮蝦腸 (L) Steamed Rice Roll with Shrimp
雷沙糯米糍 (L) Black Sesame Glutnious Rice Balls
大馬榴蓮酥 (L) Malaysian Durian Pastry - this is so good with ""Real"" durian!

Service here is extraordinary good. Everyone so polite and I never need to wave down anyone for service! Someone even came over and changed my dirty plates!

For dinner, the menu is mainly made up of fresh seafood set of crab, lobster and seafood. A little pricier than other similar restaurant: Omei or Fisherman but maybe worth the extra $ for a more upscale experience.

Cash or Debit only for the the time being as they are in the process of setting up their credit card payment system.

And for sure I will have to wake up early for some more Early Bird Special!"
"Who would have thought a little food stall inside First Markham Place would have serve such tasty food??!! Thanks for fellow yelpers! If not, I would not have know what I been missing... 

The prices here are so reasonable. Most of them comes with a free drink. 

I was there on a weekday! Yes this place is just as busy on a weekday lunch hour. I order the Curry Laksa extra spicy ($6.25). I have to tell you I waited over 15 minutes for my order. There were all these people that placed their food order before me. 

The kitchen prepared everything fresh. Nothing are pre made under heated lamps. And the wait is so worth it!

The soup based has the perfect spiciness, the flavour so rich, so intense.. so much flavour! Ok the coconut milk is fattening but it is calories/fat that worth it! 

The free drink  is a cold sweetened barley drink. OK, it sounded little weird but trust me it tasted good! Really light and a good compliment to spicy food! And it suppose to be healthy... 

And I know it is not lady like to stuff your face in a soup bowl in a busy food court in a popular Chinese mall where you might bump into old flames, but the food makes it all worthwhile!

I can't wait to go back to try other things on the menu.. The Penang Pawn noodles extra spicy looks interesting!!

They accepts Cash only!"
"I love Thai food and I love lunch specials!? So my review of Jatujak might be a little bias. 

Jatujak is really simple and down to earth  take out place. Don't even come with a group of more than 2 people if you expect to eat in as there are only 2 tables for 2 and 4 bar stools... Capacity for 8. (they working to get a restaurant license to put in more seating capacity and for time being, it is really a take out place) 

Lunch special starts at $5.95 and can be upgraded to a combo for $2 that's includes spring roll, mango salad and pop. 

My friendly waiter recommended Pad Kee Mao ($6.95) Freshly off the wok, the dish is so well seasoned and flavored by fresh basil and peppercorn and made extra spicy by using fresh Thai chili. I can eat this everyday!! 

The taro filled spring roll and mango salad both delicious. 

For dessert, my waiter recommended Water Chestnut in Coconut milk - Tab Tim Krob ($3.95). So colorful and the chestnut has a chewy tapioca outer layer and crunchy inside.  

I will definitely be back again to Jatujak for some authentic Thai cooking and hospitality.. Definitely the best Thai food in the area!

Make sure to your Yelp App to check in for a free Thai Iced Tea!"
"Apparently Woodbridge Library share the same parking lot as Market Lane Shopping Centre I got a little confused with where the entrance as there is not much lighting.

Woodbridge Library is a lot smaller than what I expect but at least the library itself is clean and spacious. There are free computer terminals for anyone to use if you don't have your own laptops. 

Free Wifi access always great for out of towners like me that don't have a library card!!"
"This LCBO does carries a decent selection of beers including local and imports.

Sizable and fun to browse around.

The single bucket has quite a few selection, great if you don't want to pick up a 6 pack. There is even Twice as Mad as Tom, Hoegaarden and more!"
"Tealish is such a cute little tea shop! And this place is so busy on a Sunday afternoon!!

If you are a first timer and you are overwhelmed by all these tea selections, don't come on weekends... because as Tealish is so popular here and you won't able to take your time and ask questions and smell all the tea you interested in without being rushed!

Love the gift selections here! For sure you will find something for your tea loving friends for X'mas or any special occasions!

Before going to the actual store, go to their excellent and informative website to do some research and narrow which tea you think you will interested that will save you a lot of hassle.

BTW, there is a little tea cafe at the back of the store if you do want to buy a cup of brewed tea..."
"I was not here at MacKenzie Health for Emergency ward so I did not wait for hours in the waiting area.

Parking was such a pain though. They really need to have a sign showing that the short term parking lot is full and direct traffic to the other lot. I was circling around in a smallish lot for the longest time until I talked to one of the securities that suggested I tried other lots. 

At least now I know not to waste my time trying to find parking there."
"This is the first of the 4 locations of Food Jungle, which specializes in Bubble Tea with the tapioca pearls.

They do claims themselves to be the best REAL bubble tea and they have 3 rules they always follows:
- Not from Powder or Concentrate
- With No Ice
- No Mushy or Hard Tapioca

The prices here includes taxes. A basic bubble tea cost $2.25.

Food Jungle is more like a take out place instead of a teahouse like TenRen, so there is limited and uncomfortable sitting. The store itself is small and messy. 

The nice server recommend us to try the Fresh Mango juice with Pearls for $3.75 tax in. Since Mango is in season and it is a hot summer day. 

I have to say that the drink does taste great! Thinks Mango Smoothies... and with tons of Tapioca inside. I was so full after drinking it! It taste more like a liquid dessert than a juice! (Is Mango suppose to be good for you? please say yes!)

Aside from drinks, there are also a lot of snacks like freshly steamed Siu Miu dumplings ($2.25/5 pc) which will take 4 minutes to be ready. I for sure going to order one for afternoon snack next time!

Since there is only 1 girl working there in the afternoon, you might have to wait for your drinks or your snacks if it get busy!

CASH only!

PS if you read Chinese, you will find the owner does have a sense of humor when you read all those Chinese Characters on the wall and posters!"
"A revisit to Joe Yee and I am more impressed with the food this time. This is because now I know what good to order!

The Salmon Sushi Pizza is so out of this world! You can even see the fat on the faint salmon and it tasted like salmon!! How can it be!!! This is so so amazing!

The Roasted Pork is another almost like real dish.. The time they spent to prepare this... 

Another reason I love the food here. The hot and spicy dishes are really hot and spicy!! I have to say it is even better than some of the Malaysian one I been too..

However, I still have my doubts about why one will make the food like real meat and seafood. Maybe the idea of not killing any animal to feed us carnivores is their objective??

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Bar Crawl #5: Henry's Lager & Grimbergen

Henry VII Ale House is a good choice if you or your drinking companion are into Single Malt Scotches and Irish Whiskeys. They have a printed booklet of selection.

My group ended up ordering a few scotches while I stuck with my beer. Beer choice though a little limited on local craft beers.

Service is really friendly. 

The interior though a little aged and dark but really spacious! 

Not a bad place to have a quick drink. Cannot really comment on the food as I was already so full from drinking all these beers..."
"Do they ever train their wait staffs anymore? Or they just give them the uniform (super mini skirt) and just let them learn everything on their job and learn from their mistakes?

$12.50 tax in for a pitcher of domestic beer/half price wings? 
Leafs game on? and we are beating the NY Rangers away?
Good companions that let me be silly and talk about nonsense.. no need to be a respectable yelpers?

I am IN!!

Fox and Fiddle seems to have all the right elements for a good night out. But everything fail badly, aside from the good companions.

My waitress not sure about a lot of things...

- what's the special $12.50 tax in Pitcher... she had no idea... and went to ask...
- what's different cost of the different pints... she had no idea... and went to ask
- she mixed up our chips with gravy and bring us one without it and charged us the full price
- she has the expensive premium pint on our bill and charge us $17.50 for the pitcher
- her excuse is she just here for 2 days.... meh... the guy she trying to sweettalk in might buy that... not me!

The Chicken Wings here were huge but dry.... the batter was thick... even I was half drunk, I cannot stomach them....maybe I need more beer to wash them down? $10 for 2 lbs? Price is good but taste is not!

Chips were not bad... I definitely have better.....

The crowd did get rowdy.... The bartender asked them to tone it down but was not working..... 

Football and Hockey both showing on TV... you can pick your pick of what you prefer to watch...... that's a little bit more interesting than CP24?

Open WIFI is a nice touch... as I start using it to upload some of my photos to Yelp...."
"Bar Crawl #2: Kensington Santa's Stache

If you are into local craft beer like me, you are at the right place. 

Tallboys has a great selection of crafted beer from Ontario breweries and if you want to try out some of the seasonal offerings, you are at the right place. For the holiday season, I decided on Santa's Stache from Kensington Brewery!

Bartender here is friendly and knowledge. Recommendations are right on and always fun to do some geeky beer talk with.

Food here is adequate to fill up my belly so I can drink more beers! I tried the Sweet Potato Fries with House Made Chipotle Mayo ($7) and Bowl of Chili ($8) which were quite decent.

I will definitely be back for more beers when I am in the area!"
"This review is an update of my dim sum experience at Hai Tian Restaurant.

Price wise, it is the most affordable in the area. 

Weekday $2.20 and Weekend $2.40 for every order aside from the specialities which has their own pricing.

Food is not bad at that price point.

Service though is definitely lacking! Forever to get everything: even our bills and change!

$1 charge for table cloths??? So the one that brings me dim sum can wipe their saucy and dirty fingers on it??

Why charge for table cloths? I don't even need that table cloth?!"
"My experience of Megabus was A-OK. Especially if I can land a deal for $13 from Toronto to Montreal?!!

This is a better and faster option than the Greyhound as Megabus goes straight without a detour and bus change in Ottawa.

I was lucky as both times I travelled the bus was half full so I don't have to sit next to anyone.

Though just like taking any public transportation, there would be passenger that talked on their phone loudly for hours, coughed all the way through the ride..

Make sure you show up at least 15 minute or earlier for your ride, as the driver is mega puncture with their schedule...."
"I just want to thanks Zavida's management for reading my Yelp review and contact me privately. 

This is definitely good customer service. I received an apology and an offer for a complimentary beverage for my next visit. He also assured that it would not happen to other customer again.

Maybe I would give them another try."
"Shirin Mahal Bakery & Sweets does look a little out of place in this plaza which most of the other stores are either Chinese, Vietnamese or  T & T Supermarket.

If you have a sweet teeth... a really sweet teeth... you are at the right place. 

If you want to be overdose with Pakistani sweets, you definitely can at Shirin Mahal.

Today I just want some ""biscuit"" and cookies... and I am not disappointed with the selections... And surprisingly they are really crisp, light and not overly sweet.... 

The only compliant I have to get at least $10.50/1 lb....?! How can I finish that? Why can't I just get a dozen or so?! I guess my coworkers at work are in luck today!"
"I am always a fan of Jatujak's original location down at Kingston Road. Small, cozy and friendly serving authentic Thai food.

Now this second location is so much more spacious and actually a real restaurant. Decoration has this rustic Thai feel but with a modern touch.

Menu is similar to the other location but this location is LLBO. So now I can enjoy my Thai food with a Singha or a Thai Cocktail.

Lunch Special till 3 pm which I cannot resist! Jatujak""s Street Style Pad Thai ($7.95) is solid, maybe the best in the area. The white meat chicken was moist and portion size is big!

I suggest paying $2.50 to upgrade your meal to includes mango salad, spring roll and drink! (Ginger Tea does sounds good when it is cold out!)

Service is always good and warm, real Thai hospitality!

Jatujak is probably as close I can get to Thailand in Scarborough. 

Highly Recommended!"
"Making a reservation here is so easy with Opentable! That's the reason I ended up at Terroni at Yonge.

The entrance is a little tricky as it is on the sides street... I walked past it without knowing... luckily I realized something is really wrong.. if not I would have walked all the way down to Rosedale Station!

I love the restaurant and decoration... casual and cozy... I feel so warm and toasty as I was seated right next to the fireplace..

Ricchia ($9.95)
- I love all the components in this salad: arugula, fresh mushrooms, parmigiana reggiano shavings, lemon
- Really light and refreshing 

Quattro Stagioni ($15.95)
- The pizza itself is A-OK, not doughy or dry... just prefect texture! The ingredients are all really fresh
- 1/4 prosciutto di parma, 1/4 mushrooms, 1/4 eggplant, 1/4 zucchini, olives 
- love the 1/4 prosciutto the best but it is good to try all these toppings in 1 pizza
 
Spaghetti in Canna a Mare ($16.95)
- One of the best seafood pasta in tomato sauce at this price point! Trust me, I know... 
- The light tomato sauce is just perfect with all these shell fish... and that scallop is huge!!! 
- I would come back to Terroni just for this pasta!

Torta Calda al Ciocolate ($8)
- If you love dark chocolate, you would love this! Really a huge ball of chocolate as big as my fist....
- The inside though is a little cold... if it would be heated a little longer!
- great to share, it can be a little heavy.....

The service is a little cold... but quite efficient...

Washroom upstairs is one of the nicest one I been to.... even have a little sitting area with sofa and armchair. But I don't know why anyone would want to sit inside the washroom?!"
"I love my dining experience at Zucca Trattoria. 

I made my reservation through www.opentable.com for table for 4 on a Sunday evening at  8 pm. I was glad that I made a reservation because when we arrived at 8 pm all the tables was occupied. So make sure you make a reservation if you decide to dine here!

The interior was nicely decorated with vibrate colours. We were thinking about the $25 prix menu specials which they advertise on their website that includes salad/pasta/dessert. To our mismay we were informed that it is not available for March since they are doing the Stop For Food prix menu ($50 with $10 towards charity). My dining mates were little disappointed.... A lesson learned, don't believe the information on the outdated website, call to confirm!

Anyway, I settled on the Stop for Food prix menu and we ordered a main course each: troccoli al nero ai frutti di mare, gallinella al mattone. 

The Stop for Food prix menu is a 4 course menu which a number of choices which I decided on pear appetitizer, mussels on bread, lamb skewer and chocolate cake dessert.

The soup of the day ($9) is a mussel with beans soup. My dinner mate thought it was just ok.. I found it has too much beans inside and I am Not a bean person.

The black squid ink seafood pasta ($23) was great! The homemade noodles was so tasty and the seafood so freah! The only problem is it is too small :).

The cornish hen ($26) was so tender! So much favour and so juicy! 

I am not a lamb eater.. but the lamb that they serve here wase nicely marinated! Tender, Juicy..yummmm.... I found the side was a little strange.. I don't really eat dandelion... ok I did eat them all before I found out they were dandelion.

Our waitress was really attentative and answered all our questions about the menu. 

I wish I can come here more often... but it is kind of pricey with the portion served, so I have to save this for special occasions!

BTW, I think I will try one of their Catch of the Day next time I come! I saw they grilled the whole fish fresh and show it to the table across from us then took that back to the kitchen to have it fileted! 

You can found free parking at the side streets just across the road."
"My search for my favorite egg tarts continued!

I love that old school vibe at ABC Bakery. This cafe has been around for over 20 years and I did have high expectations for their egg tart.

Egg Tart & Milk Tea ($2.45)

Just maybe because of my personal preference, I love the egg custard which has this sweet and aromatic smell of eggs and the texture is smooth. But the crust itself was heavy and doughy even when the tart was still warm to touch. 

The Milk Tea was meh. Not hot enough, not smooth enough and just not up to par.

While I was there, most people were here buying egg tarts and egg tarts only as there was only some stale uninteresting offerings on the display. 

I doubt I will be back.

I should have read my Yelp Friend's review before coming :)"
"Thirsty and want a drink while you visitng Jean Talon Market? Mangue & Melon can be a healthy choice.

There were so many combination of juices with fresh fruits especially during the summer when every fruits and berries were in season. I am never a Kale or veggie drink person so when my friend asked me what I want, I just could not make up my mind aside from telling her that I want something not ""GREEN"".

Line was long but it was a Sunday afternoon in August, prime farmer market tourist season!"
"My 300th reviews for my 2nd UYE event!

Thanks Bijan V for organizing this UYE. If not I would have never ever cross my mind to try out Persian food or even coming to Pomegranate Restaurant. And of course fellow yelpers that makes the evening enjoyable!

The Pomegranate Restaurant itself is small and cosy. I have to say the decoration is really exotic. I really like all those rich colours they used in everything. The blue ceiling, the colourful tables, the textiles used, the plates that decorated the walls! (good for interesting, colourful photos!!)

It was really nice to have enough people so we can share the dishes! As I always have lunch alone and ended up it will take me a couple of times before I can tried out all the different dishes in a restaurant, but with all these dinnermates, I got to have a taste of everything!

Since I was not the one that ordering I don't really know which is which item in the menu. 

For starter, there are 3 spreads with the bread. I really love the bread. It is freshly baked! I am eating the spreads because of the bread! 

There is also this greeny moldy looking yogurt drink that has mint and rose petal water. It is salty tasting with an acquired taste. Some complains it tasted like toothpaste. However, I find it goes really well with the lamb dishes, it naturalized the ""lamb"" taste and the other strong herbal tastes in the meat dishes.

For 4 main entrees we shared, 2 of them are stews (chicken and lamb) and 2 of them are lamb shanks. They all comes with salad and rice. I do enjoy the taste of the stews, the favour is really complex... with all those spices and herbs. The lamb shanks though are really tender and juicy and cook to perfection.

Even as a non lamb eater, to my surprise even I enjoyed the lamb dishes!

For desserts, we have the persian tea... which go well with the super sweet desserts! 

The services is nice and friendly. Though we cannot stay longer to relax because our table is needed for another group of later dinners.

The day bed at the back of the restaurant seems like a really relaxing neat place to have some finger food and a drink or 2 with friends!

I have to say that the Persian spices and herbs does need to be get used to! I was burping the whole night! :) or was it from the cabornated green drink that I drank almost half a pitcher?

BURP! BURP! BURP!"
"I have been to New York Area so many times and even hooked up with Yelp friends that live in Brooklyn but I eat a slice of pizza while I was in town. So is North of Brooklyn real New York Style pizza as good as the real thing? I am not sure.. but after sharing :

White ($4.40), Margherita ($3.90), Puttanesca ($4.40)

My out of town Yelp friend promised put pizza on my next eating ternary when I am in town.

The crust here was quite light and crispy. I did enjoy them but at $5 a slice which is quite pricey! I do like the laid back vibe and they serves beers!"
"Dropped by Coffee Tree and have a cappuccino using Indie Coffee Passport. 

Coffee Tree is a great neighbourhood Coffee Shop. On this particular afternoon, there were a lot of locals hanging out here.. sipping their coffee with snacks and surfing the Internet using Coffee Tree's Wifi connection. 

Coffee beans here are going for $20/lb and up with Blue Mountain selling for $60!! But since Coffee Tree roasted all their organic coffee in small batches, I guess that's the price to pay. Watching the actual roasting process was kind of interesting though. 

Small sized Cappuccino was served in a see through glass mug. The froth was thick and creamy resulted in the presentation. It was kind of pretty to look at and looks interesting in my photo..... 

And if you are not into coffee, you can still enjoy a cup of tea at Coffee Tree as they serves and sells tea from The Tea Emporium!"
"I was surprised  how busy this particular Starbucks was when I dropped by for my Java fix. 

Friday at 3:30 pm...jammed full of adults... chatting over a cup of coffee with friends.... No the usual high school students doing their homework scene... maybe it was a Friday... :)

a small sofa area in the front.. where I parked myself for awhile enjoying the sunshine filtering through the windows.. it did get a little chilly though..."
"Disclaimer: I am bias..

I love dark and dim drinking places
I love eating skewers and anything bite sizes
I love Japanese food
I love cute waiters

And of course I love Kintaro Izakaya!

We drank:
Polar Beer ($8.50)
Sake Sampler ($14.95)
Asahi Draft Cream Beer ($7.50)

We ate:
Enoki Bacon ($6.50)
Momo Mochi - Chicken Thigh & Rice Cake ($5.50)
Butarosu - Pork Loin & Rice Cake ($5.50)
Gyusagari - Beef Tenderloin ($7.50)
Tori Minchi - Chicken Meatballs ($5.50)

And I want to drink Asahi Draft Tower 3000 ml ($32) with my friends and try more Yakitori items on the menu!

I will be BACK!"
"I am writing a review of RTA based on a tourist standpoint as we spent a Weekend in Cleveland.

Since it was a last minute trip and by the time I ready to book our hotel, everything downtown either all booked up or cost a fortune!! But with RTA Red Line Service, we able to stay just across the street from Airport Station and Puritas - West 150th Station and able to take the train directly to Tower City.

$5 for a Day Pass is quite a good bargain. 

And of course once downtown, I can get on those Green Trolleys or catch a bus.

Sadly, Waterfront Blue/Green line was doing some track work during my stay and wish there was more signage down Public Square Station as tourists like me do get confused easily.

I had a lot of fun during Cleveland Beer Week 2015 and also catching a Cavailers game without worry about parking or drink and drive, all because of RTA.

But if you going to party till the wee hours, then this might not be a good option."
"Great friendly staff! Really small store with minimum seating area. Great for takeout. 

The slices here is large and with really thick crust. Perfect if you have craving for carbs. $5/2 slices. 

Great for a quick lunch option."
"Marche Jean-Talon is definitely the highlight of my Montreal trip.

Even without all the stalls and businesses open in the middle of winter, it is a great experience.. I can imagine how it is when the weather is nice and warm....

Everything that a ""foodie"" dream of.. you can be a cook or just like to eat.. you will have an amazing experience! 

Fresh produces, Vegetables, Fruits, Meat, Baked Goods..... I want to try everything!! 

I wish Toronto has a market like this... simple and unpretentious for the local people to shop and not a tourist trap!"
"The Good Stuff ($6.50) Banana and Nutella, the 2 favourite things I like in my crepes. I am glad that Muncheez agreed with me.

I like the crispness of the crepe itself and the soft chewiness once I started eating it.

There seems to be a lot of call in orders as wait time can be long even when I was the only customer inside the store when I walked in. 

Sugar Cane Juice freshly made when ordered but at $5.99. 

I will be back to try some savory crepes next time."
"Mochi Alert!

Should I let the secret out? 

Panash Bakery's mochi is amazing... And for $1 each?!

Mango Mochi filled with chunks of diced fresh mango. Fresh and sweet as mango is in season! It is huge almost the size of a baseball! The wrapping skin could be a little thicker as there is just too much filling. After the first bite, the mochi kind of fell apart. 

Peanut Mochi jam packed with peanut chunks,  toasted desiccated coconut and sesames. I love the contast of taste and texture. The mochi wrapping is more chewy and thicker! Though looks smaller but packed more densely.

I also tried their Pineapple BBQ Pork Bun ($1.70) and egg tart ($1.30) both exceeded my expectation. 

Looks like Panash Bakery is now the better Chinese bakery in the area and I am happy to pay a little more for better pastries!

I also tried Plain Croissant ($1.60) and Curry Beef Puff ($1.60) both meh. Too doughy and need more butter! Both should have flakey crust, but has a texture of bread. 

Stay with Mochi please!"
"2.5 star 

Garlic Onion is trying too too hard... Trying to serve every Asian Cuisines: Cantonese, Taiwanese, Vietnamese, Thai, Malaysian under 1 roof...ended up nothing really stand out to be exceptional! and some can be downright embrassing!

Lunch Specials are quite good value from $6.99 that includes a drink. The selections are quite extensive! 

Noodle with Peanut Sauce in Soup ($6.99) 
- The broth is quite flavoured with good kick of spiciness 
- noodle though are store brought ones... overcooked and soggy without any bite at all 

Home Style Vermicelli with Chicken and Shrimp ($10.99) with 2 spring rolls 
- a huge disappointment for value/taste/presentation 
- the vermicelli is the really really thin one... and they just tasted undercooked and dried 
- not much flavour, dare I say tasteless?? 

The services though is friendly and efficient. Tons of booth seatings and the chairs are heavily padded! 

Garlic Onion really needs to trimmed down their offerings and work on making their dishes better tasting. 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Good Taste Casserole Rice now no longer just serves Casserole Hot Pot Rice. 

During the day or even for breakfast, you can order congee and steamed rice roll.

腊味飯 Preserved Meat Casserole ($9.99) and 瘦肉腸 Steamed Rice Roll with Pork ($3.50) were both tasty. Tons of toppings on the casserole but I wish there is more crisped rice at the bottom. The rice roll would be better if they have hot sauce and some garnish on top.

I would definitely be back for some more and try out other items in the menu.

Service is friendly and homey. I do love the complimentary soup that goes with the rice!"
"I love the set up of The County General. 

The side patio with wild vegetarian and rustic furniture for sure is cottage like.. simple and countrysidish.

My Yelp brunch buddies were really excited to try out their Fried Chicken Thigh Sandwich ($14)  while I decide to have their Croque Madame Sandwich ($14).

I enjoyed my Croque Madame which was hearty and rich, thanks to the Bechamel Sauce. My brunch mates both said they were not happy with their fried chicken. Bland tasting? And I was not even offered a taste? How come they finished eating so fast? Maybe because of the small portions or they were just hungry?

Portion for sure are on the small side... as we decided to hit up The Drake for a late late brunch..."
"Woodcraft has been around been making custom wood furniture since 1974.

I still remembered going to their ""Barn"" showroom at the corner of Markham Road and Steeles admiring their furnitures. Until they move to this new location at Dension.

I am a fan of solid wood furniture as I found they are more durable and I love the pattern and the warmth of natural wood. And I love how Woodcraft has design more modern style furniture to fit the modern life style without comprise their workmanship.

You pick the style then the kind of wood then the stain... 

Prices are reasonable for the product you get. And I am really happy with what I got!

You can browse their website which has all the prices and of course you can drop by the showroom too and see the real thing!"
"Villaggio Ristorante is located in the picturesque town of Kleinburg. 

Our Savour York Region 3 course lunch for $20 makes it worth our while to drive all the way to enjoy a delicious lunch with great food.

We tried:

Appetizers: 

Mussels in a Marinara Sauce
- seafood always taste best in a simple sauce.. but this one needs some seasoning and a little more depth for sure

Mixed Green
- Simple balsamic vinaigrette dressing, though some of the greens were not too fresh..

Main:

Linguine with Tiger Shrimp
- This is the spiciest pasta I ever had in my life in an Italian restaurant
- I can feel my lips all pumped up and my stomach burning after I finished 
- Tiger shrimps on the smallish side but are fresh and nicely cooked

Vietllo Villaggio Veal Scallopini
- Veal is a little dry but love the cream wine mushroom sauce...
- Veggie on the side make this a more balanced meal

Dessert:

Lemon Tart 
- Buttery crust is so delicious
- The lemon custard filling is finished off with a layer of hard caramel  
-  I like how there is a mix of texture and taste in this dessert
 
B52 Cheesecake
- According to the menu, this is a New York Style Cheesecake but this is the most fluffy and light NY cheesecake I ever had
- Sadly, I can barely taste the Kahlua, Baileys or Triple Sec though..

Great portion size for a Prix Menu. I was quite full after the menu... I think I should be?

The atmosphere here is quite cozy and welcoming. Great for a quiet lunch or a date.  Service is decent though our waiter was a little clumsy kept running into tables and chairs and even dropping a berry while serving me my dessert into my water....."
"I like this newer store much better than their previous location down the street. https://www.yelp.ca/biz/drake-general-store-toronto 

The store is bright and welcoming. The ultra high ceiling give this place such an openness. I love the smell of the store itself as it smells like a spa! Must be from all their beauty and wellness products they have in stock.

The store carries some cool and fun stuff. Worth checking out. Their website would be probably the best place to check out what they carries before venturing in.

Staff is nice and friendly."
"I love the Distillery District!!

Yes it is Touristy! Yes it is Overpriced! Yes it can be so Tacky!

But it is so pet friendly! It was a sight to see some of the dog were sharing a brunch with their owners at the seating area for The Sweet Escape! 

Most of the stores down at the Distillery District does welcome small/petite size dogs... thanks so much for letting our little furry friends in.. so we can do some shopping/browsing together!

OK, yes I too love the set up and the old rustic buildings in the Distillery District. 

Now when is it going to be nice and sunny?!!"
"Pilot Coffee Roasters' coffee stand inside Union Station's Great Hall probably one of the best addition or one of the best changes that happened at Union Station.

I always like Pilot Coffee and this location though small but coffee is well made and with nice latte art.

I was lucky there was no line up at all when I was there and services was friendly.

Just happy to have one of our local indie coffeeshop/roastery that able to open up in one of the busiest travel hub in Toronto. Not another Starbucks or Tim Horton's! Now maybe we should have one at YYZ?"
"MEAT! MEAT! MEAT!

Pastrami on Rye ($7.50) was so good!

Made in house! Soft, tender, juicy and  flavoured with the perfect spices!

Moe Pancer's has this old world charm without the hustle. I found the restaurant clean and the wait staff friendly!

I'll be back for more MEAT! Corn Beef anyone?!"
"I have yet been to a ""Good"" and ""Decent"" Xe Lua Restaurant.

This is the newest location of Xe Lua Restaurant and the experience is just all MEH. From the service and the food, you know how you sometimes has this feeling why am I here?

Special Pho Medium ($6.50) is sizable, perfect portion for lunch. However their use of  Fresh Rice Noodle which is a lot thicker and has this taste that doesn't goes well with the soup. The broth itself though loaded with MSG but I had worse...so it is still passable.

When you are served by a waiter that really care less...never has eye contact and never address you or acknowledge you, I don't think I want to be back!

Menu is extensive, maybe a little too extensive?"
"I would not suggest you to make a special trip to Sunny Supermarket. It is not bad if you are living in the area for Asian groceries but the selections is relatively limited and the fruits and veggies are not the freshness!

There are quite a good selections of Korean grocery to cater to the population in the area.

I would come by to pick up some last minute or urgent grocery items but not going to be my to go place for my Asian grocery!"
"Came to Zen Q for an early lunch.

I love the Lunch Bento (11 am to 3 pm) options as I can pick my Main and my sides to make a custom lunch order for $7.90 and $2 extra one of their drinks!

A little disorganized though and I got a little confused as I am not sure if it is a self serve or a sit down restaurants. I notice I was not the only one that stood in the front wanting to order from the counter directly.

Probably will be back for a quick bite next time when I am in the area. 

The restaurant does get busy during lunch rush with workers from the nearby offices, so either come earlier if you want to get a seat or if not you can always have your lunch to go."
"Leo & Sala Goldhar Conference and Celebration Centre is a brand new event venue located at the Joseph and Wolf Lebovic Jewish Community Campus. 

I was fortunate to attend a Yelp Event here. 

The underground parking lot is really spacious which I prefer than parking at the ground level outdoor lot.

The main event room is large enough for a stage setup or as a wedding venue. The staff working here is professional and pleasant.

Leo & Sala Goldhar also has it's own catering facilities as they provided most of the food and non alcoholic beverage for the event. Chocolate fountain was impressive!

Thanks so much for a memorable evening!"
"Soma Chocolatemaker makes me feel like I am in heaven! 

I am glad that dark chocolate has a lot of antioxidants is good for me (reason I will buy chocolate for my own consumption) and will put me in a good mood (reason that others will be buying chocolate for me!) 

The prices of the prepackaged chocolate of so many different varieties are so reasonable priced... great to get some for anyone as gifts! 

Spicy Mayan Chocolate ($4.19 tax in) really hit the spot on this chilly Sunday afternoon. A combination that will fulfil my spicy side and my chocolaty urges... Not over-sweetened but with just the right kick to wake up my senses! 

hmmmm.........Life is so good!"
"I have to say I like my lunch experience a lot more than my dinner experiences at Villa Malaysia. 

Menu choices for dinner is so limited and pricey. However, after I placed my order and talked to the friendly super nice waiter, he said I can order off the lunch menu but the portion will be bigger of course more pricier. 

Curried Lamb Shank ($18) 
- requested that for mild.. since my dinner mate cannot take any spice.. mild is still too spicy for him. The waiter took the dish back and kitchen redid the sauce with no spicy and extra coconut milk.. then is A-OK! 
- Lamb is really tender and tasted great! fall of the bone tenderness.... goes well with a bowl of rice ($3 damn!!) 

Curry Duets ($17) 
- Curry Chicken and Dried Curry Beef requested extra spicy served with Roti and coconut rice 
- Roti is dried... and so is the coconut rice BOO 
- both curry are really good! hot hot hot! My tummy feeling the heat the whole night! 

Service is so so so good! As we were the only table on this snowy Monday night! 

80% of the menu is spicy.. so don't come with friends that cannot take spicy.. (their 1 pepper level of spiciness is mighty hot for them!). 

For the time being, I think I will stick with their lunch menu. 

They still working on their liquor licence!"
"Moo Kyo Dong Nak Ji what a name?! 

Though there is no lunch specials but the prices are reasonable even with that one menu.

Me and my yoga friends ordered 

- Spicy Seafood Soon Tofu
- Veggie Hot Pot Rice
- Korean Cold Noodles

The waitress though spoke limited English but was really accommodating with my vegetarian friend's request...

Banchens were all home made, nicely prepared and clean....

I will definitely come back for some pork ribs... yummmy"
"Drive Thru! That's the magic words!!

I don't know why I never have the chance to go inside this particular Starbucks to chill....

They opens at 6 AM most of the days except Sundays.. great to grab a quick coffee to start your day!"
"Sadly today I got a spoiled mango mochi

I will suggest skip that if mango is not in season.

The other buns and pastries are still good."
"I been to ER departments at a few hospitals in the GTA.(1)

Markham Stouffville Hospital's ER is one of the best one I had been to.

The staffs: doctors, nurses and the administrators are all really polite and courteous. 

The wait was never too long... and the waiting area is quite spacious and bright.

Parking can be pricey, but the parking fees they collects are used as funding for the operations of the hospital.

This location is really convenient too because it is the final stop of VIVA Hwy 7 and Rutherford Routes. That make it accessible even for people that relies on public transportions.

(1) I was not at ER because I ate too much... I went with some family members"
"My Wonderful Kitchen has this huge menu that has so many choices that make ordering not an easy task.

Hong Kong Style Cafe+Congee Queen+Northern Spicy+Asian Fusion+Cantonese Stir Fried

What should I eat?!

勁辣牛魔王湯米線 ($5.75) Spicy Vermicelli Noodle Soup with Beef Intestine & Beef
- Dried Chili and Szechuen Peppercorn help to make the broth super spicy
- Beef Intestine is really: liver, stomach, lungs and other organs
- Vermicelli though cooked well with a good bite

 紅荳粒粒冰奶茶($4.25) Milk Tea with Red Bean
- Smallish for the price
- I do like how they use frozen milk tea cube as ice so my iced tea was not diluted and become watery

I would be back to try out other items on the menu which sounds quite interesting. Service was A-OK but I was there when the restaurant was not busy.

Open till 12 am daily, anyone for a late snack?"
"During my a Weekend in Cleveland, my Yelp friend decided to visit Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum as a detour in between food and beer.

I love the set up and the architectural aspect of the Museum. The centre atrium feels like a giant sun room that will give you a view of the water and especially enjoyable on a nice sunny day. There are also interesting sculptures and displays that are music related all around the common area.

Not everything on display here would wow you. But I did enjoy their collections of vintage guitars that were used by some of the great musicians. The costumes were fun to look at too and might be even inspiration for some. 

I just wish there was more music, more visual stimulation and not just reading and more reading of history. I can really do that online at home.

I would suggest come on a Wednesday when the Museum opens late till 9 pm. Your wrist band does give you in and out privileges. And if you feels overloaded, you can always chill out at the Cafe and enjoy a bottle of beers...."
"I just love walking around TigerDirect. 

Sometime I just dropped by and picking up small thing like cables and checking out what kind of new gadgets I want, not what I really need.

The pricing on parts still compatible and they have most of the stuff in stock.

I usually check what I need on their website and called to make sure they have it, as there are not too many locations in around town."
"When you have a bunch of hungry half drunk people to feed, you will be glad that you take them all to Pho Huong.

Pho Huong has a huge menu so everything can get something they feel like eating, from Pho, Grilled Meat with Rice, Even Vegetarian Bun and of course for me the Banh Coum Rice Roll!!

Food serves here came fast and pretty tasty, at least everyone clean their plates!

I really enjoy mine too...

Service is fast and efficient. Accepts Visa, MC and Debit.

I definitely will be back when I am in the area after a drink or 2!"
"Paradise Chinese Restaurant specialized in Hangzhou and Shanghai cuisine which is not commonly found in Mississauga.

The taste is more refined and subtle with emphasis on fresh ingredients. We ended up ordering some of the ""famous"" dish that are representative to Hangzhou cuisine.

Longjing Shrimp 龍井蝦仁($12)
Dongpo Pork 東坡肉($13)
Double-boiled old duck soup 火燑老鴨煲 ($19)

Food were all well prepared but nothing really wow me enough to come back for a repeat visit. 

Service here though friendly and the restaurant itself is spacious which is good for groups.

Paradise Chinese Restaurant is a good option if you are looking for something different from the usual Cantonese or Northern Chinese fare in Mississauaga."
"This is one of my most frequented PetSmart.

Amble parking as it only shares the parking lot with Staples. The store never busy and cashier would open up more lines when a line is formed.

The best part is I like how they always have specials on dog food up to 50% off. That's when I usually stocked up! The Clearance table is worth checking out but I usually don't find that many items that my dog would have like."
"My thirsty led me here, and the summer rain made me stay... I cannot think about a better place to get stuck than here at Starbucks...

Comfy armchairs, sofas, light music... Free WIFI for me to plan where to go for lunch.... and this place is quite quiet....

Zzzzzzzz

I wasn't drinking coffee, an Iced Green Tea unsweetened... 

They do have a nice patio by the side....."
"Me confused? I don't even know the name of this coffee place inside Marche Atwater.

All I saw the sacks and sacks of coffee beans and the coffee roaster at the front of the store.. and my Yelp friend said Coffee.. I know I want coffee.

Espresso has this nice kick... that's really jump started me.... the frothy cappuccino just not doing anything to me...

Seating is a little tight... but it is quite cozy...really cozy....

You can also buy coffee beans by bulk at Brulerie aux quatre vents... oh where am I?"
"My usual vietnamese noodle joint!

I like the Tom Yum Kung beef noodle and you can ask them to make it extra spicy!! I enjoy the chicken roll in rice noodle too...

The rice dishes you can ask for any combination with 3 items.

Food always tasty! 

But can get quite crowded during lunch hour and on Friday and Saturday night! 

The place is pretty small...and the tables are quite close together! But even with that, the food makes it all worth it!

They have lunch specials too!!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I have been quite a few Harvey's Restaurants in the Northeast GTA area.  Always the same same, usual usual.

This location though is the cleanest and most organized franchise location. The manager on the floor right at the cash taking orders and greeting customers. The staff in the front and the kitchen all working like a team.

There are also staff in the dine in area cleaning up the tables and making sure the self serve fountain drink area is never a mess.

This team spirit does makes the dining experience positive and which I enjoyed a lot as a franchise chain fast food place."
"Hai Tian Restaurant is kind of new.... how so?

This location used to be People Seafood Restaurant http://www.yelp.ca/biz/people-seafood-restaurant-markham, Hai Tian Restaurant just moved in with similar set up but did clean up the space a little.

The staffs and the cooks are from Lucky Season Cuisine http://www.yelp.ca/biz/lucky-season-cuisine-richmond-hill that used to be at Times Square.

Came here for dinner, ended up ordering with the waiter recommendations

- Steamed Fresh Oyster Half Shell with Garlic ($2.80 each)

- Sour Plum Duck with Yam ($15)

- Stir Fried Yellow Fin Fish Fillet ($18)

Most of the dishes were A-OK. I found the fish though on the oily side without that fresh from the wok taste. 

A choice of Hot Tofu Pudding or Red Bean Soup was a nice way to end the dinner.

Hai Tian Restaurant is a decent restaurant if you feel like having some Cantonese food for dinner, and they also serves dim sum from 9 AM.

Cash ONLY"
"I finally made it to Barque Smokehouse for their lunch specials! 

What's better after having a hike and getting lost in High Park and then come here and feast on some meat?!

We ordered Pulled Pork with Arugula Salad ($12) and Beef Brisket with Cuban corn ($12). Both are smokin good!! I think is the combination of the meat and the sourness / spiciness of the toppings that makes the sandwiches so outstanding! And even their Arugula Salad is nicely done! 

Just love the deco and set up of Barque too! I hope one day I can try their ""Sunday Family Night"" here! Maybe I can adopt some of the yelpers as my siblings?"
"2.5 star

Another Congee Queen Location just opened in Scarborough.

Decoration definitely one of the nicest out of the other Congee Queens I have been to. However, this new location definitely suffering from growing pains with the inexperienced staffs and the overworked kitchen.

Both items we ordered definitely not as good as Markham location that I frequent. My Home Style Vermicelli ($7.99) has quite a bit of burnt and dried noodle and Fried Bean Curd with Veggie ($9.50) was a little overcooked and soggy.

The complimentary dessert though is good enough to save my meal.....

Staffs are just a little confused and overworked. As for now, I definitely would not go out of my way to this Congee Queen's location. Hopefully that would have changed after a month or 2. 

Visa, MC and Debit payments are all welcome!"
"Sweet Sweet Sweet!! Athena Bakery carries Extreme Sweetness of all sort of Greek treats that I cannot handle...

I love places like Athena Bakery that I can buy some samples of everything and just try them out first!

Helpful staffs... but I know my questions like is this sweet... is this really sweet... is that dipped in honey.... 

The answer is YES YES YES!! These are Greek dessert and they are supposed to be super sweet...."
"3.5 Star

Baker Siu aka Christopher from MasterChef Canada Season 2 contestants. He had started his own home bakery business DaanGo with custom made Asian inspired cakes and macarons. (DaanGo means Cake in Chinese)

I had been wanting to try some of those macarons for the longest time since I saw them on Instagram and what better was to order some for Macaron Day 2016. Picking which flavours might not be easy but the good thing is I can just have one of each!! And of course some special Easter Holiday ones that is bunny and Easter Egg theme.

The shell of the macarons is like an eggshell so delicate. I enjoyed the most of the flavour. I just find some of them might be a little too sweet and that overwhelmed the actual intended flavour.

Macarons are priced between $2-$3 and Cakes are from $35. 

I already know what to order next time. Black Sesame and Almond Mt Blanc. All my flavour component and hopefully it would taste as good as it sound!

For ordering you can contact Christopher directly via his email and his social media account. Really responsible and you would able to get a reply within a few hours the most."
"Sharon's Pattisserie and Florist is like a One stop shopping experience if you want to get something for that special someone.

$10 for 6 macarons is definitely a great deal! And you cannot really stop at one as they are well made and tasty.

I never know that macarons can make guys excited too. They enjoyed them as much as I did when my Yelp Friend picked those up as a surprise afternoon treat!"
"Lindt Chocolate Shop may be my must visit store when I am shopping in Vaughan Mills, just for the free chocolate sample.

The store though is one of the smallest one. Look for special out of seasonal sale items might be your best bet.

I do sometime pick up bulk chocolate as I do like some of the more unique flavours than the one in the prepackaged gifted box.

Near the cashier area, there was also 9 piece of peanut butter flavour for $3.50 so that seems to be a bargain, but check for expiry date."
"I think I like Bar Raval. I think I had a good time.

I think I ate:

Chicken Liver Mousse with Rhubarb
Squid on Black Rice

They tasted good.

The place was packed even on a weekday and there was a line trying to get in when I was leaving.

I think I need to go back again and try out their tapas and cocktails again. I do need to invite Danica C as she was such a good host and it was the first time we went out together.

PS It was never a good idea to have a cider flight before meeting your friends as those sweet cider can made someone really drunk by 3 pm."
"100% Korean a new takeout place in Scarborough.

100% Korean does sounds familiar? http://www.yelp.ca/biz/100-korean-restaurant-toronto This restaurant used to locate at the Chinese Plaza at Leslie and Finch. This new location is opened by the daughter that used to own the North York restaurant.

The menu here though is a lot simpler. A noodle, a rice bowl and maybe some snacks? They do have a lunch bento box offers.

Spicy Sweet Chicken Snack Size ($3.99) was meh. The batter was heavy and soggy and sad thing it was not cooked when ordered so it was warm and sad.

Spicy Chewy Noodle ($6.99) was quite refreshing and I love the chewiness of the noodle. Great cold noodle dish during hot summer days.

Room for improvement but promising for a small neighbourhood Korean takeout.

Grand Opening 15% off Special."
"1.5 star

Max Bakery might be a good place to load up on buns if you have an army to feed.

$5.5/6 then $4.00/6 after 5 pm.

Egg Tart ($1.05) was meh. The crust was not flaky nor buttery. The custard itself was not smooth but gummy. A perfect example of how egg tart should not be like. 

Chicken Pie ($1.50) was meh. But at least the crust have a nice buttery crunch.

Maybe the buns would have tasted better?? I hope you are into buns.

The lady serving me though is nice and cheerful. +0.5"
"Frank's Kitchen? When my Yelp friend suggested that we go there, I have no clue where I am going and what to expect.. but I am always IN! 

I didn't realize how popular this restaurant is and reservations seems to be necessary.. when we walked in and the hostess told us that they were fully booked and I just giving her that sad looking eyes.. she was nice enough to get us a table...even I dressed like a casual yogi.. +1 star! 

Love all the small touch and attention to little details all through our meals. Our waiter was informative, attentive and all the energy! 

My waiter giving me the thumb up with my selection of: 

Elk Loin wrapped in Foie Gras and Truffles with Heirloom Beets in a Chestnut & Foie Gras Jus ($34) 
- I was looking for my foie gras and the waitress pointed out it was the little quarter size piece hiding somewhere under the ravioli :) 
- Elk was light and lean.. cooked medium rare.. as the waiter suggested was quite tender.. 
- The whole presentation reminds me of French Country Style cooking which the freshest ingredients would be used 

White Peach Tarte Tatin ($8) 
- So buttery and rich... for some might be heaven.. for me all I think of is the calories count... reminds me of eating a Super sized Danish cookies 

Even we only order a main but we were served the hot and cold amuse bouches, palate-cleansing sorbets and gloriously creamy truffles at the end. +1 star! And all house made!!!

I really enjoyed my dining experience at Frank's Kitchen and I think its concept of sourcing their ingredients locally is wonderful and everything was prepared in house... and a reasonable price?! Awesome!"
"To be fair, The Rhino definitely worth at least a 3 star, but being the 6th bar I hopped by on a Saturday night... I was a little confused...

Since we got here right at last call, I didn't really able to settle down to think what I would like to drink. Their selections of drafts are definitely interesting with 23 drafts from local and even Charlevoix Dominus Vobiscum Blanche from Quebec!

I didn't have a chance to even take a look at the list on what they have on bottles.....

I let my friend picked whatever... so I still not sure whatever I drank was whatever?? Sami might able to enlighten me on that.. (Maybe it was his favourite IPA?)

Service though was friendly and fast as a waitress came over and asked me what I want to drink right when I sat down.... 

I guess I have to make a trip back again soon..."
"W. B. Chinese Cooking is a great if you are into Hot and Spicy and table cooking.

Their famous tabletop cooking fish is good for groups at least I cannot eat that all by myself.

But there are also other options for tabletop cooking: Beef, Chicken, Pork Intestines,Shrimps and even Vegetables. All those are 2 chili spicy though and great for a cold winter days with beers! I ended up with the Grilled Cooked Chicken-Wok Cooked Foods ($9.99) with tons of spices and peppers! Hot and Spicy at the same time!

The lamb skewer ($1.50) was a disappointment. Not seasoned well and lack that fresh of the grill cook meat aroma. W B is definitely not a place for that!

The decoration is quite chic and modern. Love all the booth seating as they do provide a lot of privacy.

Waitresses are all so polite and soft spoken. She even came back and checked on me to see if I enjoyed my food.

My meal ended with a yogurt drink! I guess drinking that would help to neutralize all these spices?

10% off Grand Opening Special if pay by cash!

PS. no noodles... how come no noodles on the menu?"
"Panash Bakery might be on the pricier side but this is probably the only Chinese bakery East of Kennedy on Hwy 7. So if you are living in the area or just to pick up a few items then do come by to see what Panash offers.

Buns, Egg Tarts and Sponge Cake Rolls starts from $1.30 which is quite reasonable. Matcha Milk Bun ($1.30) and Mango/Coffee Sponge Roll ($1.30) were quite standard. 

There are also some slice cake in the display case. The presentation though lacking and looked amateurish, Maybe just the white lighting.

I would be back if I am at the plaza after visiting Congee Queen but probably would have drove further to Kennedy for more options."
"Talking about Selections!! 

Bags and Bags of dog food piled all the way up to the ceiling! I feel like I am walking in a maze. So many different brand of dog food to choose from.

Maybe I should bring my dog in next time and let all these different smell of food attack his senses... 

Staffs are really friendly and helpful. I will suggest you talk to one of them if you have questions or need help with the choice of food for your furry friends!"
"I expected the worse after reading all these mixed reviews but was pleasantly surprised. I would not say Hotel Espresso is an awesome hotel and would not going out of my way to stay here. But as long as the price is right, I don't mind a repeat visit.

Location is pretty good as it is a 3 minute work from Metro Lucien-L'Allier Line 2 which takes me to most of the places I want to visit during my stay! And there is also a Night Bus stop with 3 buses 350/355/364. I could stay out late without worrying about getting back!

I just booked for a run of the house room, but the friendly front desk staff honoured my request for a renovated room. The renovated room was dated, I just cannot imagine how the regular rooms would be.

Parking is $27 a night with in and out privileges. There are some free side street parking if you are lucky."
"This is the first Eastern Outpost of JJ Bean based in Vancouver. As usual I did not come with much expectation but this is one of the better cup of Caffe Latte I had of lately.

A hidden gem in out of the way industrial office area. The space is welcoming and spacious. The barista and staff must have bring in the West Coast vibe as they are just so cheerful and friendly.

Coffee menu right at the counter would tell you what kind of roast they are sharing depends if you want an Espresso drink, French Press or Drip. All espresso drinks are double shots so I decide to opt for a latte. The Espresso JJ has a balance caramel nutty taste and the milk was frothed to a smooth and velvety texture.

Here you can also buy beans that roasted freshly on site.

JJ Bean though not a small local business but I welcome their arrival to Toronto. Who can say no to a perfectly coffee that made from beans roasted freshly on site? And all these friendly staff made my stay such an enjoyable experience!

Maybe they will be offering some free cupping session just like what the other locations in Vancouver? That will be interesting!"
"3 Star for the Cake and +1 for fast customer service

Love Me Sweet Japanese Cheesecake is specializes in Japanese Souffle Cheesecake. If you are not into fluffy sponge like cheesecake,  you will not like it. I am kind of partial as I could not resist anything that is tasty and fresh. And with no lines up early afternoon on a weekday, it was worth getting.

Having a limit of 2 per customer during busy time might be better than no limit. As it is not fair for some one to buy half a dozen in front of me and I ended up have to wait for a new batch to be bake.

Plenty of parking underground as Shop on Yonge is never busy."
"I have never have any Peruvian food in my life.. and I am so glad that my fellow yelper ask me to try out her favourite Peruvian restaurant and share some of her childhood memories with me.

My first impression of Peru is tasty! and if you are into carbs, you in heaven!

Grouper Ceviche
- Ceviche is the national dish of Peru, marinated in lime makes this dish light and refreshing and healthy!
- I am into fish, especially white fish.. A little disappointed because it suppose to be consists of Andean chili peppers.. due to some dietary restrictions of some dinner mates we have to order it mild.. and mild means no chili...

Anticuchos (Peruvian Grilled Beef Heart) 
- I think this is the best dish of the night, beef heart taste like beef and does not resembles any bleeding heart!
- nice texture and rich in flavour and grilled to have this nice charred taste!

Saltado de Pollo
- Chicken strip stir-fried with veggie and chips served with rice
- stir fried french fries.. meh... chicken is dried...meh

Seco de Carne
- If you are into Cilantro then it is the dish for you.. Beef was quite tender.
- accompanied with rice and beans and potatoes which are the carbs staples for Peruvian cuisine

Arroz con leche (rice-pudding): 
- consist of cooked rice, cinnamon/nutmeg, and milk served in a half orange.. hmmm not bad.. but not good either! :) don't we have enough carbs in the main course?

Inca Kola
- taste like cream soda... 35g Sugar :)
- suppose to be Peru's national icon. most drank than coke in Peru!

Service here is friendly, homey and slow......... More like eating in someone's home.. since the wife cooking in the kitchen and husband serving us... So be patient and enjoy and chill!

It was a good first experience of Peruvian cuisine."
"Fin Izakaya may not be Guu... but I found the experience here was just as delightful. 

The staffs here are wonderful. Friendly, Patient, Accommodating. Our smiley waiter was so funny when I took out my camera ready to take photos of our food, he rushed over so fast and wanted to a photo of me with my yelp group! :) So now I have a rare non food/restaurant photo. 

Our plan at least my plan was to have a drink here and we each order 2 dishes to share... which worked out beautifully as we have a taste of the items and won't get too carry away... As one know, Izakaya is not a place to stuff yourself but a place for a drink, snacks and talking nonsense to your friends. 

Food took awhile to arrive, but we were all cool about that since it is a great opportunities for us to get to know each other more and for my overworked yelp friend to arrive just in time for the food. 

The food was not bad, as I was distract a lot from actual tasting of the food because I was laughing, drinking and eating was the last thing I have in mind... Hey but we finished everything... and my other yelp friends were not complaining.. 

Damage was $20/person... I spent a lot more at Guu.....and here I don't need to wait for a table! 

BTW, CP24 was showing on the plasma TV near the sushi bar in case someone wants to know...."
"Watching Cleveland Cavaliers playing at their home stadium The Q was a fun experience. Good energy and vibe from the players and fans.

Love the upbeat music and of course those super HD video screens on 4 sides showing the action.

All the best of luck for the 2016 Season and onwards."
"Pho Tay Ho is not a bad option if you want to take a break of these rich, heavy food you might be eating during your visit to Montreal. A bowl of comforting Pho is the best remedies for hangover after bar hopping.

Bo Thai Chanh ($10) Rare Beef Salad was a huge serving which I enjoyed. House Special Pho ($10) was decent.

So nothing really stand out for a special visit but worth coming if you are in the neighbourhood and craving some solid Vietnamese food!

Pho Tay Ho can be super busy even on a week nights. But at least on a warm summer evening, the back patio is open for business."
"Fresh, Seasonal with quite a good varieties!

A little pricey but for some of the fresher and unique produces, I don't really mind paying. Green Beans was so fresh and great to make salad out for them!

Lines could be long but there are 4 cashiers working so the wait was not too bad. 

I love coming here to get some inspiration of what to made: just like real chef checking out the best produce and practice farm to table. I love their varieties of herbs too! 

Fun place to shop!"
"This Starbucks looked closed from the outside on a Saturday evening! 

The barista was nice enough and didn't blink when I order the Bold of the Day. I really don't like drinking the espresso based drink at Starbucks!

The music here was soft and nice, the armchairs were fluffy and comfy.....

Wifi working perfectly!

And I took a power nap over my Cafe Verona.........................

Zzzzzzzzzz"
"Mama Mia Place newest location in Vaughan! 

Same offerings as https://www.yelp.ca/biz/mama-mia-place-toronto-4  but more spacious and welcoming! 

And of course Churros for $1 and up. How can I resist?

I do like the gluten free options for various empanadas as they were made from corn instead of flour. All empanadas are $2.50 each.

Though my coffee for $3 was so so even it was freshly made when ordered.

Will be back for some more affordable snack and of course Churros!"
"3.5 Star

Finally a decent Pho joint in this neighbourhood! 

I had been here twice for their Pho House Special and really enjoyed my noodle soup both times. The beef broth might be on the saltier side but love the toppings. I found their medium size is just perfect for me.

My dining companion ordered their Grilled Pork Chop and Chicken with rice ($9.95). At this price point, I have nothing much to complain. The meat were marinated well and the side salad/veggie was also plentiful.

Is this the best Vietnamese place in town? Probably not. 

Come to Pho 72 when you are in East Markham for your pho craving and you probably won't be disappointed.

The decor is clean and simple. Service is fast and friendly.

They really needs some more lighting at the storefront. I could not really find it the first time I was there till I read through some of the other Yelp's reviews!"
"It took me 3 tries before I able to enjoy the Ramen at Sansotei!

First Try:
- At 5:30 pm on a weekday afternoon, they ran out of broth?!!!! I was asked to come back at 7:00 pm?!!

Second Try:
- My fault, I didn't check or my friend didn't check their business hours...Closes on Sundays! And of course no Ramen when we dropped by on a Sunday afternoon

Third Time is a Charm:
- No wait! Nice and quiet restaurant!
- My Tonkotsu Ramen ($9.25) has a well flavoured milky broth with that nice sweet after taste of pork. Noodle cooked perfectly medium with just the right bite
- Service was excellent, though it still took 20 minute for my Ramen to arrive in an empty restaurant?! I can't imagine how long it will take if the place is packed!

I will be back for more! But I doubt I will line up for it...... If there is a line, I will just come back when Sansotei is not busy! I am NOT going to wait in line for any Ramen... ok maybe Totto Ramen in NYC..."
"As promised, I was back on a sunny afternoon to Bier Markt  for a beer.

Happy Belgium Day Celebration from 2 pm - 4 pm was amazing. Free flowing Stella live entertainment and parade of finger food: sliders, chicken wings, smoked salmon, frites and chocolate cake.

Service was attentive and friendly even with me kept switching tables trying to get away from the sun.

I will be back during Happy Hour (5-7 pm) for their $1 oyster and $5 pint on another Sunny afternoon."
"When I walked by North York Central Library... I didn't realize how huge it is till I walked inside then looked up at floors full of stacks of books!!

The foyer for sure is a sight to behold... with the skylights letting natural sunlight to filter through!

This place is as busy as a mall... but I do feel like I am in one of the biggest bookstores browsing and flipping through all these magazines and books.. the good thing is I can stay as long as I like, never buy anything and no one is going to give me that look!

Tons of outlets, tables, comfy seatings for me to park myself using free WIFI.

Six Floors of reading materials and more... now this is one library that needs a floor directory!"
"2.5 star

Hwanggane Food Inc. is a Korean Fast Food joint located inside in Galleria Supermarket in Thornhill. 

I was surprising how busy it is on a Saturday evening... good prices, fast services and decently good food are always popular. Especially if Family can just eat then shop for grocery in one location!

Kal Guk Soo ($6.99)
- Photo looks like a veggie delight. But without the English translations... the nice Korean man said it is veggie and taste good... and is not spicy and the broth is hot... sounded good!
- Of course the real thing is NEVER as good as the photo... just a few mushrooms, carrot, onion, egg and seaweed..... 
- The noodle though was cooked quite well, chewy and has bite 

Today Special - Spicy Chicken Hot Pot Stew ($6.99 instead of $7.99)
- Tons of Potatoes and a bowl of rice on the side!! Carbs attack!! You for sure will be full after eating that... 
- 1/4 chicken in the order with a mixture of dark and white meat... 
- The broth itself though look Bright RED (my yelp friend was sweating just looking at it) but it is not Korean style spicy... think sweet and with a hint of pepper and soybean...good to mix to eat with rice
- The problem with this stew was the chicken was just dumped into the broth and just boil them until they are cooked... (My style of cooking with zero skill) 
- SKIP!!

Eating inside Galleria Supermarket's food court does give me a feel of being in somewhere in Seoul. 

I don't mind dropping by Hwanggane Food to try out other noodles if I am in the area but probably won't be making a special trip just for that!

They accepts Visa and MasterCard!"
"Cozy and classy, that's what I will describe The Richmond Hill Centre For the Performing Arts.

Came here for an Outdoor Summer Jazz performance, great performance and everything set up well and organized!

Even an cash bar available if you want a glass of wine while enjoying the great music and the cool summer breeze..........

Free and ample parking right behind the centre."
"Lunch Specials at $15 Monday to Friday till 5 PM.

I enjoyed my experience at Pizzeria Libretto Danforth much better than the original one.

The restaurant is so much more spacious... high ceiling, comfortable chairs and even a nice patio...

I almost half full after I ate my Arugula Salad.... the portion is huge and have almost a whole pear inside... a little over dressed for my preference but it is GOOD!

Margarhita pizza with oozing cheese and oh so fresh basil leaves.. I ate the whole thing... 

Espresso Gelato, what a sweet ending..

All this washed down by a glass of ""Anna 6"" white wine ($5)

The sun is shining bright and the warm is warm... I kind of feel like I am in Naples? 

La vita è Bella!"
"Bonflavour, a new high end Chinese restaurant, has a mixture of offerings: Cantonese Dim Sum and Northern Chinese Cuisine.

Dim Sum is available till 3 pm. With Small item at $3.75 (Medium - $4.25, Large - $5, XL -$6 and SP-$8) which is the most expensive price point in the area for a small. But here ordering Medium and Large would be the best bet. And of course, I do have expectations, a really high expectation. We ordered a few dim sum item to try.


上海小籠包 (L) Shanghai Juicy Steamed Pork Buns
蜜汁义燒包 (S) BBQ Pork Buns
風得意腸 (L) Pork & Shrimp Rice Roll (spring roll?)
魚子燒賣皇(L) Pork & Crab Shu Mai

Shu Mai probably my favourite item as it was loaded with minced crab meat. The Pork & Shrimp Rice Roll is really a deep fried spring roll wrapped in a rice roll. A little strange but taste better than it looked.

Service is friendly and cheerful. Staff speaks fluent English and Mandarin. If only they would have hire a Cantonese speaking staff, that would definitely enhanced the experience for Cantonese speakers. A little green but with potential.

Dinner service looks promising. I would give it a try."
"Ka Lung Court Chinese Cuisine went out of Business! If you want Dim Sum, you need to go somewhere else!"
"It is so unfortunate and fortunate for me to visit Discount Car and Truck Rental. 

The reason I have to rent a car because my vehicle was in the shop after an accident and my insurance company deals with Discount and Enterprise car rental. 

Fortunate that the staffs here at this Discount location is really nice and efficient. Even as a walk in ""I want a car right now, I am pissed"" customer, I was treated nicely and I got my temporary rental car by the time I promised so I can get to where I need to go! They even come and pick me up from my house. 

I would recommend this location if your own vehicle is in one of the ""hundreds"" of autobody shops in the area and you need an alternatively rides! 

BTW, most of the rental cars here are Japanese model...or a Honda."
"Simple White and Clean...

I came to Fika with no expectation. All I know was I suppose to try their Iced Coffee, namedd by One of the articles in Conde Neste's Traveler as the World's Best Iced Coffee. http://www.cntraveler.com/daily-traveler/2013/08/photos-toronto-canada-iced-coffee-sights_slideshow_item0_1

I was impressed... really impressed after my visit. I have to say the Iced Coffee is good, an excellent version with the addition of cardamom and mint. Great and light for the hot summer days...

But I was wowed by the patio! Seriously, a hammock at the corner in this private patio?! I was tempted to just jump on it and lay there and take a power nap....... 

Splendido's modern Canadian kitchen team produces Fika's food which I need to come back for some healthy Scandinavian dessert and food."
"Magic Wok has been around for years.. I mean 25 years + or more.

They have 2 locations, one in Chinatown Spadina and Dundas and one uptown (used to be in Scarborough and they built their own restaurant up at Kennedy and 14th)

The Magic Wok uptown is famous for 2 things: their nasty waitstaffs and their good Cantonese food!

Some of waitstaffs that worked 25+ years ago still working there!! I guess having nasty service can be a trademark in itself. To be fair, they are all a  lot mellower than when they were young...

Magic Wok is not opened for lunch, just for early dinner till late at night..so no lunch special...

When you walked in the restaurants you will see tanks of fresh seafood: crabs, fishes, lobsters that you can order live and make it anyway you want...They even bring the live fish to your table to show you.."" I am so sorry, I did not mean to kill you fish...but I am hungry...""

All the dishes are well prepared and pipping hot when served... And there is free soup and free dessert (my favourite is tofu pudding that made in house)

They settle the bill by counting how many bowels of rice you order by the empty bowels on the table.. so there maybe dispenency if you by accident using one of the rice bowel as your space bowel....(that happened to us often!)

Service is fast if the kitchen is not busy... (so go when it is NOT busy...)

They has their own parking lot which is small and  it can be quite full during busy time..and you has to park across the street on the side of the road.. 

All the dishes are great .. I love everything I ordered from here.

They take Visa and Mastercard."
"This Green Grotto Tea Room might be now my favourite of them all!

Huge parking lot always with a lot of spaces compare to the other 2 locations. 

Waitstaff here are exceptionally friendly and helpful. Extension cord in hand and make sure I have electrical outlet for my netbook. 

Huge bowl of fresh popcorn just for me to munch on drinking my hot ginger tea ($4.49), sugar on the side without requesting.. They really read my mind.

High ceiling, soft jazz background music, tons of seating options (sofa, armchairs, communal tables).

I cannot ask for more....."
"A place that welcome pets is awesome. Especially in Toronto where you practically cannot really take your pets anywhere aside from a pet store ... in PawsWay, you can let them walk around/join a play group or even go into a coffee shop!

I wish there is a more pet friendly businesses in Toronto, but PawsWay for sure is a good start. Thanks so much for the Corporate Sponsor: Purina!

Tips: If you don't like dogs, don't go in! As the place does smell like dogs and they do barks and make noises... And don't even bother visiting Williams Coffee Pubs, go to Starbucks or somewhere else... let the dogs and owners enjoy their little piece of heaven!"
"Degrees Kitchen Store is a really high ended store. They do have quality items on sale.. but not cheap.

Those Staub Cast Iron Cocottee that are on sale, the 1/4 quart one is selling for $60... hmmm  (1/4 quart = 1 cup) And the others are like $350! And that's the sale prices...

But if you want to impress the chef in your life and want to buy some unique gifts, this is the place to go!

I wish that buying that $350 cast iron cocottee will make me a good cook? But that's not going to happen."
"Scarborough Town Centre is getting better and better every year. 

A lot of renovations have been done to the Mall over the years. With that a lot of better shops too moved in: Lululemon, H & M, Victoria Secrets, DavidsTea, Indigo just to name a few.

Scarborough Town LTR stop, Close to Scarborough's Government Offices, right by McCowan/Brimely 401 exit/

And let's not forget all the new businesses that popping up around the Mall premises.

Scarborough Town Centre has everything you want, great Mall for the residents in the area!"
"My search for authentic Mexican food continues after my visit to Rebozos. 

Rebozos I thought you are the one... the one that satisfy my cravings! Your location at a odd part of town and the residential setting with minimal furnishing does make me thought you were the ONE. But how deceiving is the first expression............

Pulled Pork, Beef Tongue, Chicken ($2.50 each) I tried were flavourless... I have to drown them with your salsa to give them some kick. Sopes ($3.50) was disappointing... Huaraches with beef was dry and chewy. Guacamole was A-OK but not the best I had. 

Services were excellent/warm and we all got separate checks.

However, I felt empty and lost after eating your tacos. Really are there any good Taco in Toronto???"
"I have been driving by this place everyday and I never know it existed until today! And I so glad I finally discovered it!

From the outside it looks like a little fast food place in a strip mall.

When I went inside I was so surprised that it is a popular lunch place for people working in the area.

The first thing that greeted me is a whole display of pastry..dessert...sweet..cookies.... I have to look past them order to order a cappuccino to go. The lady said ""Si"" 

I was waiting patiently for my drink, I notice that at the back there are hot dishes and sandwiches where you can order to go or eat in the lovely tables and chairs. Maybe next time I need to stop for lunch instead.

When my cappuccino is ready, the lady asked me if I want cocoa or cinnanmon to goes with it. ""Cocoa, Please, Grazie""

The seating here is really comfy and the atmosphere is relaxing even during lunch rush hour. All the patrons seems to be regulars and really enjoying themselves.

The menu are written on the chalkboard on top and changed daily..

The decoration remind me of some cafe and Bistro downtown...

All meals and coffees are made to order.. 

Yes, please do drop by for a coffee and see for yourself!

Accept all credit cards and interac"
"Toronto Public Library Fairview Branch really need a facelift. At least replaced those worn out arm chairs, tables looks like they got from a garage sale...

Full of students even in a Summer afternoon.. I don't mind the students but when they start letting their backpacks taking up the seats?!! Do they know about sharing??

Free WIFI... good if I can get a seat or somewhere with access to Electric outlets??"
"Dropped by here on a weekday for lunch! Yes, Chili Secrets  is a Northern Chinese restaurant however it becomes a dim sum restaurant during the day! This is what I call being flexible! :)

However, you can still order the Northern dim sums with the Cantonese dim sums! Yes this make everyone happy!

We arrived just before 12:00 and the restaurant is half emptied! We got seated promptly! Even the waitstaffs now understand Cantonese! So no need for me to practice my Mandarian..(the only time I am desperate enough to use my Mandarian is when I have to order food!)

The selections here is massive! There are 2 pages for you to pick from. They are all made to order so you can guarantee that they are hot and fresh not being pushed around for ages.

Always fun when there is a group of people to have dim sum so we can all share! We ended up ordering a combination of Cantonese and Northern dim sums. They all tasted pretty good.. And even with 2 of our vegetarian friends, we ended up have enough choices so everyone are happy!

We ended up paying $8 per person includes taxes and tips! And we are all happy and full!

The services is just ok.. but norm for Chinese restaurants!"
"I think this is all about timing.....

I think this is all about expectation...

I have been to the original location at Warden and had one of the best egg tarts in the area but what they have in this location was just disappointing! The egg tart (80 cents) was cold and hard in the afternoon when I picked one up! The Wife Cake ($1) was pounded so thin with hardly any filling and lacked the chewiness! The Curry Beef  Puff ($1) was delish with oh so fluffy shell.

The staff was really nice but just a little slow with the service.

There is also a few tables set up if you want to just have a milk tea and a bun ($1.80). But the setting is really basic, I would not suggest you bring your date here..."
"I have never been to Unionville Arms ever until now when our Dear CM Kris U organized a CMYE during Yelp Drinks 2013.

$25.99 a pitcher of domestic beer and a large order of chicken wings which available during Yelp Drinks or Game Nights is quite a good deal. The chicken wings are decent, quite crispy and not too dry.

We also ordered some food:
- Special of the Day: 6oz Steak Sandwich on Garlic Toast
- Almond Crusted Fillet with Salad and Sweet potato fries (love the fries!)
- Poutine (please don't ever order that.. Don't like the thick cut of fries and with no real cheese curds..)

Most of the food we tasted were good to excellent, a lot better than other pub fares I had!

The service is fast and friendly! The pub was specially busy on a Wednesday evening and definitely a good place to catch a game...

Can't wait to have a drink on the nice patio with all the hanging flower baskets when the weather is sunny and nice............. ahhhhhhhhhh"
"3.5 Star

Sampaguita Village does have a feel of a down to earth hole in the wall restaurant in a little village where everyone drop by for dinner. 

This place was packed and the parking lot was a nightmare. I ended up parked at one of the meters on the side streets, even paying for parking was worth it compare trying to fight for a free spot in the parking lot.

Since I was with a regular of Sampaguita Village, I left the ordering to the expert and ended up we shared:
 
BBQ Chicken ($4.95)
Pancit Sampaguita ($11.95) 
Spicy Shrimp ($11.55)

The food was tasty and portion size was more than enough for 3 of us to share. 

The service here is fast and friendly.

Tips: the pop or ice tea costs $2.50 a can?! Seriously.... don't care that!"
"Jawny Bakers Restaurant is a decent neighbourhood pub.

The deco is cozy and simple. Love the fireplace and all these TVs. Unsecured Wifi makes me happy while eating my lunch here!

There is a lunch combo special till 3 pm from $11 or so. Chilli with a side Caesar ($12) I found it on the pricier side for what I got. The chili is a little too salty for my taste. I did enjoy the warm bread with the whipped butter!

A relatively good selection of beer on tap includes Mill Street. I almost want to order a pint with my lunch.....

Free parking and a nice patio overlooking the ravine....

I would be back for a drink during patio season."
"Exceptional customer service! Artemano really impressed me with their beautiful and functional pieces. 

The setup of the showroom is cozy and spacious. There are so many choices of different kind of reclaimed wood and even more rustic natural design. It is just so easy to find something that is perfect for your home.

Original price seems to be out of reach but just wait for warehouse sale or demo sale. During our visit, all the pieces were 50% off and some floor model even almost 80% off!!

The staff that served us went out of her way to find and show us what available as they were just unpacking a shipment.

So drop by often if you are in the market for furniture or home furnishing. As a lot of the piece here is quite unique and you never know what you might find!"
"I was a little worry when I saw my friend's Pepperoni Pizza looked a little dry and burnt. Should I be worry?!  

I guess I was lucky that both items I ordered were pretty good!

Riceball ($3.95) Meat, Peas, Mozzarella Cheese & Amici Sauce

Pizza AMICI ($12.95) prosciutto crudo, mushrooms, red onion, green peppers, bocconcini and amici sauce

Both items were CHEESY in a good delicious way. The pizza crust was really thin and the veggie was still crunchy and I love prosciutto!

Amici Sauce = Homemade Tomato Sauce is a little light but it went well with riceball.

Amici might not be the best pizza in the area but is decent and the staff here is friendly. A good option if you are in the area."
"4.5 Star 

L'Avenue ...  I cannot wait to come back again... that's how much I enjoyed my dinner!

A small and intimate setting with a French cuisine inspired daily menu that based on the local and fresh ingredients in the market for the day.

Wine list is impressive/extensive and they really know their wine since one of the owners Otta used to work at GM and Sommelier at Nota Bene.

I was lucky to be here for an early dinner between 5:30 - 6:30 to take advantage of the Prix Menu for $25. Great value that alone worth an extra 0.5 star. And for this evening:

Potato & Leek Soup with Blue Cheese Creme Fraiche
- really hearty and rich... love the blue cheese creme

Beef & Dumplings (Slowly Braised Beef Stew with Spring Vegetables & Potato Dumplings)
- beef are so soft 
- dumplings chewy with a great bite
- the broth is well flavoured and surprisingly light 
- great choice of vegetables: baby carrots, brussel sprouts, turnips

Macerated Berries with citrus-infused cream, garnished with white chocolate pearls
- those white chocolate pearls are the highlight of the dessert.. biting into them is like an exposing of flavours in my mouth

We ordered also

PEI Mussels with Tomato Concase, White Wine ($13)
- fresh mussels cooked perfectly
- the broth itself is so light, complimenting the freshness, I can even drink the broth as a soup or use the baguette to soak them all up!
 
Rainbow Trout with Sauteed Watercress, Crisp Creamer Potato and Critus Salsa ($22)
- Every single element of this dish are so nicely done and compliment each other
- The skin of the fish is crispy and the fish itself is cooked so tender and moist
- The slight bittiness of the watercress 
- The slight sweetness of the starchy potato itself
- The critus salsa added a little sourness to the whole dish 

The service is top notch! Professional and attentive. The vibe is homey and cozy, just like dining in a friend house... of course I wish my friend can cook like that?

L'Avenue also serves brunch on weekends and lunch on weekdays. 

I definitely will be back again for dinner, lunch and brunch!!"
"I am a fan for Queen/Saulter Public Library not because it has an amazing books collections or amazing work stations or comfy sofas.. this library have nothing of those!! 

I just love how the library is situated into this historical building.. which used to be a post office!! Just love the stone facade and the details of the building outside. 

The inside though have totally remodelled.. no hint of its previous past.. just a boring fluorescent lighted space. 

I should not have said that, since it is now something that local residents can utilized and upstairs there are more spaces for community activities and classes!

BTW, this is the only library I able to use one of those 15 min Express Internet terminals! 

Free Wifi access but with limited electric outlets ."
"Four Seasons Noodle Soup and Shabu Shabu opens recently is just perfect for the wintery season. 

Beef and Vegetables Shabu Shabu ($12.95 pp) is just amazing! If you are a vegetable lover, you will be happy to know there is over 14 different kind of vegetables in the platter! Love the different varieties and all so fresh! For the broth, there is also choice of mild and spicy.  And noodle or porridge at the end to soak up all the flavored broth. Highly recommended especially when it is freezing cold!

Shiki Dumplings ($8.99) is quite good too! Though not the huge big ones, still sizable! 

The interior is spacious but make sure you have a big table as you will need the space for all the banchans and the table cooking stove!

I definitely will be back again for those fresh vegetables and even other spicy hot pots and of course Handmade Noodle!"
"Love those South Facing floor to ceiling windows opening up to Queen Street, especially on a nice, gorgeous Sunday afternoon. 

R Squared Cafe is bright, clean and full of energy! Barista was so excited to see me using my Indie Coffee Passport. 

Cappuccino was A-OK. I can tell the barista did take the care in making the drinks. 

R Squared Cafe was quiet with everyone busy typing away on their laptops.... Free WIFI and Coffee and Sunny Afternoon.......... I felt like I am in a library! :)"
"Dropped by Pho Vaughan for a late lunch on a weekday.. I was surprised that to find it was not the usual Pho's crowd I usually encountered. 

I were sandwiched in between teenagers.. swearing, gossipping while eating their lunch.. more like a high school cafeteria feel. 

The Pho I have is A-OK. Though the noodle is dried noodle but it was well cooked. The broth has a good taste of anise and deliciously salty! 

Service here is fast and efficient... In and out quickly after I stuffed my face with Pho."
"Aside from having sushi attack, I have a lot of 'Harvey's"" attack lately!

I know this is NO gourmet but Harvey's burger really hit the spot... fast, reasonable priced and never disappointed!

Service here is fast and friendly.

You will see me hop by and stuff my face often..."
"ZJ Chinese Restaurant was not my first choice when I was looking for somewhere for lunch at New Kennedy Square. I didn't even realize that it existed since it was open recently in replace of Omega 3 Noodle. 

The menu promising 24 different selections of Lunch Specials for $5.99 includes a can of pop or soy milk drink right on the door pulled me right in!! 

Nice cushioned booth seatings made me feel right at home and I got to practised my limited vocabulary of Mandarin too! 

Braised Pork Noodle with Soy Milk Drink ($5.99) is quite good. Portion is big and noodle though not home made but was cooked al dente. Pork was tender and quite fatty.. some might enjoy the fattiness. 

The menu is nicely done with full coloured photos easy for any customers to just point or write down the item number of the food they need! 

Grand Opening Special of 10% discount if you print that ad on their website! 

I might come back to try out some of their famous Su Hong Cuisine..."
"The BEST butter tart I ever have! 

The Maid's Cottage's butter tarts are just so good! The crust so flaky and buttery! The fillings so smooth and silky like melted caramel! 

I ate mine so fast while my Yelp friend kept admiring his! I almost want to grab it from him and just eat it!!

I can eat a half a dozen of these tarts with no problem...until I find out their calories and sugar count. How can these little delicious pastry so unhealthy but this sinfully indulgence is worth every single calories!

4 different flavors to choose from Plain, Pecan, Raisin and Currant at $2.25 each.

The bakery is located at the back on the store, facing Newmarket Community Centre with ample parking around the area.

The Maid's Cottage now is my must visit stop next time I am up in Newmarket!"
"As usual, I almost walked right pass Sam James Coffee Pocket without realizing!! 

Cute little takeout place and serving awesome Cappuccino ($2.62) at a good price!

Lovely latte art! Rich and Smooth taste!

I love Sam James! 

Come here for their espresso drinks, good services and who cares about no seating, no WIFI or even no washrooms??"
"Aroma Island describes itself as a restaurant serving Taiwan's gourmet but aside from Taiwanese fares there are also a lot of Cantonese items on the menu.

Lunch Specials from $5.99 includes a bubble tea which is excellent value!

Three Cup Chicken with rice ($6.99)
- use of sesame oil, rice wine and soy sauce as the base sauce with ginger and basil to add the extra flavours
- chicken was quite juicy and tender...cooking Three Cup Chicken can be tricky as quite a few restaurants I been to have overcooked the chicken and made them so rubbery and dry!
- a healthy serving of broccoli which is a pleasant surprise!

Fish Yaki Cake ($5.25)
- You see the influence of Japanese cuisine in this particular item as Taiwan was under Japan's rule from 1895 to 1945
- Chewy Rice cake wrapped inside Fish Cake and then lightly deep fried 
- texture wise is really interesting.. I loved that chewy sticky soft feel of rice cake..

Both of the items we ordered today were both not too oily or salty...as Aroma Island prides itself as a new style restaurant that cater to the healthier lifestyle.

The interior of Aroma Island is decorated with this chic dark wooden theme, which is really common in most of the South Asian restaurants that were opened this last couple of years. 

Services here was nice and friendly... Waitress speaks Mandarin/Taiwanese so I ended up have to communicate with her in English."
"Power King is another place that serve Congee, Noodles and other Cantonese dishes.

This is in the same plaza as Congee Wong and Keung Kee and has similar menu as they do.

The food is ok... Their stir fried dishes can be a little oily... (yes Chinese food can be oily, but when everything is like dipping in oil)

They do have special menu for afternoon tea and the dinner they have combo that are quite cheap.

Since there are other choices here in the same plaza, you will be better off going to the other then going to Power King.

CASH only!"
"The decoration of Sweet Gallery Exclusive Pastry has this outdated retro feel of the 70s! Nothing wrong with it as a lot of customers here on this Sunday early afternoon are more mature as this shop is located right across from a retirement home. 

Here you can either have a cappuccino with a buttery cookie or a full menu of soup/salad/sandwich/European hot plates! 

Croissant here is a little doughy and not as buttery and flaky. The cookies that comes with our cappuccino are crunchy and buttery good pairing with our rich and creamy cappuccino! 

All those flans, cookies, cakes and anything you can think of are in the display cases and you will have a hard time to make up your mind! 

Atmosphere here is more elegant with soft classical music in the background. Not surprising that Sweet Gallery is suppose to be famous for their Vienna pastries! 

BTW, loves cute fondant treats in form of animals: hippo, piggy, sheep! Made of pure sugar goodness and I know who would have love some of those as treats!"
"This Asian Legend closes at 11:30 pm on weekdays, but please don't come here at 11:00 pm and expect to be served, The kitchen closes way earlier and all the wait staffs are anxious to go home. 

Service can be amateurish and non attentive and the waiters feels too relax gossipping within themselves.

As a late night snack at 10:30ish, we decided to order something relatively light to share:

Steamed Soup Filled Dried Scallops and Luffa Dumplings ($6.95)
- A little overcooked but I always love how the dried scallops gave the soup a more savoury taste

Stir Fried Bitter Melon ($9.95)
- Bitter melon way overcooked resulted in a really mushy texture
- I do like the spiciness and it balanced out the bitterness

Chicken with 3 Cups of Sauces in Casserole ($10.95)
- The smell of fresh basil and other herbs made this dish a winner for the night
- Chicken is cooked just right with the meat still stay juicy and tender

I usually frequent the other Asian Legend locations but if you are in the area, this is not a bad choice. 

Parking can be quite challenging during dinner hours as the plaza has a lot of other restaurants and Sunny Supermarket utilizing the same parking lot!"
"Walking into High Street Fish and Chips on this Saturday for an early dinner made me wondering if I am in Toronto anymore... 

I stood out like a sore thumb walking in to have my dinner alone and as Asian in a sea of mature English diners 

Halibut with Chips ($12.95) 
- the batter is really light and deep fried to perfect crispiness! Golden crispy... really fresh frying oil!! 
- yes it is oily... hey it is deep fried in oil but it is worth the extra calories! and deep frying fish is not as bad as chicken with skin in term of fat content 
- Chips are not bad.. but quite standard... at least they are fresh, made to order!! 

Services here were fast and friendly! The deco is mostly white and super cute! 

Seems like the meat pies are their specialities.. either fresh or frozen to be sell alone or as a dozen!

By the time I was ready to leave, there was a line up for tables!! And it was only 6 PM, I guess people have dinner early here! :P 

Closed Sundays and Mondays!"
"Usually CoCo is not the first choice if I want to pay $5 for a BBT. But with all these locations opening up all around me, I think I am breaking down slowly...

Various promotional texts had been popping up in my IN box and who can resist a deal?

This location is quite convenient and this place is huge with plenty of seating.

2 Ladies is usually my 2 go drink. If getting 3 Guys then I need to opt for no sugar as all the toppings seem to have some sugar content built in. I like how creamy and not as water down their drinks compares to Chatime as I can drink this like a dessert!

Service a little slow, but I usually drop by in the early afternoon so the place is almost empty."
"L'atelier is a unique store to come in and be inspired.

I have no idea those are antiques and collectibles until I saw the pricing on everything. Tips: enjoy without looking at the prices unless you see something that you really really like...

Maybe not for that 19th French Iron cast frame day bed with interesting details ($3800+) but there are also smaller pieces that are great for gifts and home decoration.

The set up of their backyard garden is interesting and there is also another back room with more merchandise!

Staff is friendly without any attitude!"
"This is one of the most spacious Structube's showroom in the area. Location is really convenient if you are taking public transit as it is right on the subway line. But if you are  driving, there are meter parking available.

For bigger purchase, the loading dock is right at the back of the store.

The staff here is nice and cheerful. Even helping us load our purchase into our vehicle!"
"I just love parks that has a waterfront facing Lake Ontario... 

Especially on a hot summer day, taking a stroll around the path is just the most refreshing and enjoyable to do.. 

Long Branch Park has preserved it rustic appearance...the big shady trees.. the inlet where ducks and goose hanging out... and the uneven paths.. 

BTW, if you look at all the houses and buildings... they do have their own little story.. they used to be cottages back in the early 1900s.. and some for them are hotels... yes this is the cottage area that the old Torontonians come to spent their hot summer weekends. 

While I was enjoying the breeze...and daydreaming owning one of those huge houses facing the Lake... My Yelp friend was thinking about what's for dinner! :)"
"Nova Era Bakery
O Cantinho Bakery
Vannis Ristorante
E
M
B
E
R

Vannis Ristorante is our Third stop for our November crawl.

Brunch Time is good time at Vannis Ristorante!! 

Brunch Specials for $6.50 that includes a choice of Omelette or Sandwich with Fries or Salad with Coffee or Tea or Pop! Talking about choices and decisions to make!

- Smoked Salmon Sandwich on Brown Toast/Salad on the Side/English Breakfast Tea

- California Omelette with White Toast/Salad/Green Tea

Both nicely done and I definitely NOT complaining with this price! OK I did complain about the salad not being too fresh.. maybe should have the fries instead!

Services was excellent! I really don't expect much at this price point but our waitress was so friendly and attentive and patient.

I definitely recommend coming to Vannis Ristorante for their All Day Brunch if you are in the area!

NEXT!!!"
"****CLOSED****

Taste of Vietnam is a small Chinese  family runned restaurant right at Birchmount and Huntingwood. They serves both Vietnamese and Thai dishes.

I did not drop by for lunch but on a Saturday night for dinner. Only 2 tables including myself... So sad to see empty restaurant on a Saturday night.

The services is nice and friendly. I decide on the Laksa Noodle ($7.00). Size wise it is like a large. The soup has a really heavy coconut taste with a strong fragances and it is not spicy  but yummy yummy good. The noodles are a mixture of 2 noodles vermcelli and yellow noodles.

I was happy and satisfied after eating the noodle!

I will definitely be back again to try out others dishes!"
"2:15 pm Tuesday, time for lunch.

Definitely a time for lunch as when I walked in Shanghai Shikumen Restaurant, everyone working there was having lunch. Awkward moment, should I just walk out without anyone noticed me but one of the wait staff came over to seat me at one of the tables.

What to order? A big colourful menu. Dim sum and noodle might be the best choice for a single person.

Special Spicy Noodle Soup with Meat Sauce ($8.99) was pretty good. The noodle was cooked with a nice bite and soup base was well seasoned. A little touch of spiciness which I cannot call it spicy at all.

Apparently, the restaurant is closed from 2:30-4:30 on weekdays but even when I was leaving the restaurant at 3:00, the OPEN sign was till on.

There are quite a few private rooms that are good for groups. 

I might come back to try some other items on the menu but in no rush."
"3.5 Star + 0.5 Star for able to upgrade to Presotea Drinks for $2.50

Self Choice Combination Noodle Combo sounds familiar? With the success of Deer Garden, a lot of restaurants with the similar concept has been popping up all around Markham. And Chef Papa Tea & Noodle Bar is another new comer to this concept.

I do like how there is more than just noodle or fish noodle based option. Aside from fish broth, there are also Hakkaido style pork bone, Szechuan Dan Dan, Tom Yum, Laksa, Szechuan Spicy and even Vietnamese.

And if you rather has a rice dish:  Vietnamese Lemongrass Pork Chop/Chicken, Taiwanese Stewed Pork, Japanese Curry Pork Chop and more.

I think the selling point is really the option of upgrading the free hot drink that comes with any meal to Presotea drinks for $2.50 if you like drinking Taiwanese tea. There are 10 different options to choose from.

Hakkaido Cha Siu Ramen ($9.99) + Passion Green Tea (w/ Pearl and Coconut Jelly) $2.50
- Cha Siu was a little bit dry but the ramen was well cooked with a little chewiness. The Pork Bone Soup was quite flavoured and rich without being overly salty

Japanese Curry Cutlet with Rice ($9.99) + Royal Earl Grey Milk Tea Family (w/Tapioca, Grass Jelly & Pudding)  $2.50
- Nice crispy crunchy batter for the pork cutlet. Curry sauce was really rich too

Of course we were such a happy camper taking our drinks to go and enjoying that as dessert later. I love pearl, grass jelly, tapioca.... and more.

I will come back and try their fish soup based option next time but Chef Papa seems to be off to a good start.

Pro Tip: request your Presotea Drink less sweet or less ice when putting in your order.

Cash Only!"
"This is the first location of Yoga Tree studio before they opened the nicer and newer studio in Richmond Hill.

The packages and passes can be used in both locations

I did not give this studio as high rating as the new location because
- only has 1 practice room so not as many classes offer
- too far for me to come (so it is personal!)
- don't have the robed wall for Iyengar classes (RH location has)
- change room has not self locked combination lockers

However, the teachers are the same as the other locations. Therefore the classes are as good!! Too bad so far for me to go there....and I refused to pay for the stupid 407!"
"++++ CLOSED++++

Ehwa Restaurant has to be a major let down.

The interior so nicely deocrated, nice and chic and looks like a cool hang out place... but the bad services and so so food really makes it a mehhhhhhhh............ There are so many other choices in this area for Korean food/bar experience.

I have to echo Lauren M about the banchan! For 6 of us that ordering each  a full meal we only offered 1 set of banchan?? When I go eat at other Korean restaurant alone, I have served the same amount of banchan.. And they never bother to check on us to see if we have enough?? Not that they are that good that we want more!

We have to chase about the waitresses for water and tea...for 6 of us we were only give this 1/2 litre wine jug of hot tea and cold water... hey we are also eating spicy food!

No soju/beer combo menu was offered... ok maybe I should have asked!

I could not comment on the washrooms since all the fellow yelpers was making faces about their flithy washroom so I did not even want to use it! (maybe that's the reason they don't let us drink too much liquid!)

BTW why all our food look ORANGE in colour????"
"Well Springs Spa is a big disappointment! I was lucky that I did not pay full price for my treatment since there was a teamsave offer and if I did pay over $200, I will be so mad at myself!

Well Springs Spa is located on Yonge just South of Elgin Mills.. it is in little strip plaza. The waiting area is nice and roomy with European furnitures. There are a lot of information of Botox and how much for the session and unit costs on the counter..

The treatment room is upstairs... feels like an afterthought as it is not set up as a day spa. Me and my friend have the treatment in a little small room.. and the enironment is definitely not spa like! The one thing that really got on my nerve is they are playing the same CD which have songs that last for 30 min on repeat.. so for the 4 hours we were there we kept listening to same thing  and the songs are badly put together some of them are even cut off in the middle!

Anyway, the massage for 30 minute was the best part.. the rest kind of goes downhill... The facial was poorly done and so are the mani and pedi. And for nail colours they only have a handful to choose from !! (Nailsense is heaven!) My friend's nail colours were done worse than she would have done herself.. she was so nice not to complain but she went home and remove them all and redo it herself!

I will definitely not going back there for any day spa package, even with any coupon!!"
"3.5 Star

I am amazed!!! In a couple of weeks ago, I saw this sketchy Vietnamese Pho joint closed down... and now it has transformed itself into a swanky and chic Japanese bistro.

Gonoe Japanese Bistro just opened 2 days ago.... everything brand new..... you can almost smell the fresh paint and even they still doing some touch up here and there when I was here.

2 full page of lunch specials.... from sushi, udon and bento boxes. And of course I am going for the sushi.

Sushi Lunch ($10)
- was nicely presented with 8 Nigiri and California Roll
- Fish though fresh was really thinly sliced but with the selections was good
- Shari rice was well balanced and with good bite

Services was good though servers not really sure about a lot of things but they are trying. Nice Young Korean men dressed in black... :P"
"I really want to like Jake's On Main..

The patio is huge and it will be so cool to hang out here and have a drink under those umbrellas on a hot, sunny afternoon...

But.. Services here really sucks!!!

The hostess put us at a table close to their roof with water dripping on my friend's head.. and when I told her that, she just said it is just too bad.... and there were tons of empty tables around so I just move myself to another table.

Services extremely slow... but luckily we were not in a big rush.. but our lunch last almost 2 hours on a weekday?! Maybe I just look like I am retired and have plenty of time.

Food wise is meh, but I don't expect much from a pub style food establishment. 

Meat Pot Pie ($9.99) is on the salty side... really really salty but an excuse to have more beer??

Fish Tacos ($9.99) is not bad but the side green salad is like days old.. a little rotten and little soggy...

I should have go back to Blacksmith's Bistro instead! Sorry, Kris U, I should have read your review!!! FAIL!!"
"All the hype and I finally have a taste of Burger's Priest burger and see what it is all about... 

Cheeseburger the most basic one with no drinks or fries comes to ($5.25). Saturday night was so busy.. and ended up waiting for 20 minute+ in the little room for my burger to get ready... 

Is it worth it?? I have to say not really... at least for my basic burger.. it is really cooked with a tray of unseasoned medium looking ground beef and then form into the shape of a patty and pan fried them until it is cooked.. (Now maybe I can try doing that at home) The burger itself is quite small.. tiny... and I can imagine eating that as a snack... and still be hungry....(the cheap side of me talking!)

I should have go for the option.. seems like people are more impressed with the options...

The staffs here are really nice.. but I almost want to laugh when he asked if I going to eat in... I want to ask where?! The little shop is full of people standing around waiting for their order........that taking forever to be ready!"
"Cheap Beer/Drinks and nice cool bar? Need I say more?

1/2 pint for $2.50 taxes in Happy Hour at The Avro can't go wrong... and I don't even Saturday from 7 pm to 9 pm would have be happy hour anywhere but here?

With the price, my Yelp Drinking Buddy just order 2 and down it so fast... I always want to tell him that those were not juice! :)

The Avro has some strange deco....... a bra in the Lady's room?? I wonder was part of the deco or someone left it that by mistake....."
"Some place you know you would not like it right when you step in. This Starbucks is one of those.

Due to the limited in space and it being so busy...the whole store are just full of people waiting... one time to order and other for the drinks...

The place just smell funny and without circulation, I don't even want to sit inside. They do have a patio so that is a way better option on a nice day."
"My review might be totally different if I am here for their wings?? 

Happy Hour 4 pm to 6 pm with Buy one get one free app does sounded good?!

But sadly the food here is not good... I don't have high expectation with pub food... but what we ordered were beyond bad!

Scallop wrapped in Bacon ($10.95) is not bad... I washed them down with my half pint of Stellar ($3.60)... 

The Dragon Sliders ($9.95) has the driest patties I ever have... even when my Yelp friend ordered another pint of beer and tried washing that down.. he just could not do it!! The bun looks as sad... only the fried onion used as garnishes tasted decent

Don't even bother to use the drink menu to find out what they have on drafts... as they don't really have some of them anymore.... 

I don't know if I will be back to a pub that lack beer selections and has mediocre food?! 

FYI, chicken wings no longer 1/2 price on Wednesdays and Sundays... only $3 off instead....

Stick with Wings... Stick with Wings... Stick with Wings..."
"My Wonderful Kitchen under new management with a different Chinese name 大公館 and a revamped menu. 

We were here for lunch. The food was decent and service was excellent. Menu selection though less than before but still good enough so everyone would find something they like.

Not a bad option if you are in the neighbourhood."
"I would highly recommend this Avis location if you need to pick up a rental car in Mont Royal area.

Opens at 7 am for early pick up so you can stay your day trip early. Service was fast, polite and efficient. The most important though the rental cars here are all clean and of the latest models.

The only thing is there is no night drop off so I ended up have to wake up at 6 am again to drop off my rental after a late night."
"3.5 Star

I am happy with the success of Potato Noodle of Bai https://www.yelp.ca/biz/potato-noodle-soup-of-bai-markham for them to open up their 2nd location. From a food stall in Pacific Mall to now a real eat in restaurant!

I ordered my usual A1 Potato Noodle in Soup ($6.99). Seemed like they toned down their spiciness quite a lot. Maybe I need to ask for extra spicy next time? which they have that option in the Pacific Mall location. But I still enjoy the chewiness of the potato noodle!

A solid place for some noodle slurping if you love to enjoy a bowl of noodle."
"LPK's Culinary Groove is a cute little bakery.


I really like the fact that it caters to people on strict dietary restrictions! And when one indulged yourself with all these sweetness and knowing they are eating ""healthy"" sweets!

Chocolate Chip Sandwich Cookies (v, g, d, n) $2.75/Jumbo
- now I know where to get some vegan and gluten free goodies for my friends
- the cookies itself is crisp and light.. the cream is rich.. for me it just taste like an awesome cookies!

Spicy Chèvre Noir Shortbread™Cookies (so, n, goat dairy only)
$12.00/bag 
- I wish they have smaller bag... $12 is quite pricey...
- personally, I am not crazy about anything goat/sheep... I didn't enjoy that... just too goaty for me?

I wish one day LPK's Culinary Groove will have some products that are calories and fat free too...and taste like the REAL thing?"
"Definitely stick with beer drinking next time I go to Bier Markt. 

We shared Lobster and Watermelon Salad, Wurst Sampler and Dessert. The salad was decent but definitely overpriced. 

Beer selections looks good, but not everything are available on their beer list.

Service though was A-OK when we were there. On a weekday late afternoon, the place was empty................ 

The patio does look inviting. I will be back on a sunny afternoon for a beer and beer only next time!"
"3.5 star

Hong Kong Street Food is something I always missed and have craving for. Curry Fishballs, Egg Custard Waffles and more.. The smell of freshly made waffles is just so intoxicating!

Toast Delight, a newly opened Hong Kong Snack Shop might able to help if you have the same cravings as I do. Located on the second floor of the same Mall as T&T Unionville.

Egg Waffles $3 each or $5 for 2 in 8 different flavours including choice of original, matcha, red bean, sesame and even savory: Pork Floss & Seaweed.

Made to Order and it might take a while to be ready. 

I ended up ordering the Original and Sesame and while I was waiting snacking on on some Curry Fish Balls ($1.50).

The verdict? Not bad but not really as good as the ""real"" thing. Just make sure you let it cool down so the outer layer would be crunchy while the interior nice and fluffy. The egg waffle a little bit too dense for my liking but still good stuff.

Curry Fish Balls was so so. The curry taste was not too intense. But not bad as a snack!

Toast Delight also has over 20 different types of freshly baked buns which can also be pre ordered to guarantee freshness!

Closes on Tuesdays.

P.S. My coworkers did comment that these Egg Waffles tastes much better than Dong Dong at Pacific Mall/Market Village. So definitely worth giving them a try!"
"Under new management!

I have been coming here often for the last 5 years. The price was not too competitive before, but hopefully that will change with the new owner.

They also has a new computerized system. All the products I bought are now itemized on the reciepts so I know exactly how much each of them cost. Before it was just on a calculator print out... and I have no idea how they come up with the total!

They have good selections of all the premium dog food and they even bring in new brands! It is a little strange to be excited about dog food, but my dog is on a rotation wet food and dry food diet and I love to let  him to try different food.

Of course earning Airmiles is another plus to shop here!

They accepts Interac, Visa and MC, no AMEX.

They has the buy 10 get 1 free in house program which is tracked by computer. 

I wish they can put the price of all the can products on the shelf so I won't be surprise when I paying for it."
"2.5 Star

Another ramen place that advertises serving ""authentic"" ramen opened inside the food court area of Pacific Heritage Town.

Yummy Ramen worth a try as it is having a Grand Opening Special: 20% off and with a free large Presotea if you spend over $10 before tax.

We shared Tenderous Ribs Ramen ($8.99) and Salt Pepper Chicken ($3.99). The Chicken tasted old and oily. The Ramen was not bad, the soup base was surprisingly light and the noodle was cooked with a good bite.

In a food court setting, I don't think it is really worth the full price they are charging! 

There is also Northern Style bbq skewers on the menu. Yummy Ramen just kind of confusing!"
"Nice small local coffee roaster in the hood. If you are in the area, drop by to show your support for small business.

Macchiato ($2.50) was OK. I like the espresso shot but I would properly skip the froth milk next time.

Small bar area with 4 seats by the window. Takeout might be the best option."
"Sashimi House has lunch special starting at $5.99 which is not bad. 

Quality for the fish is quite good... as my lunch specials though does not come with any salad or miso soup.. 

Spicy Salmon Roll/Salmon/Tuna ($5.99) 
- 6 pieces of Spicy Salmon roll has quite a bit of salmon and Tempura bites 
- Salmon and Tuna are both standard 
- Rice has a good balance of vinegar, nice and bouncy chew...

For this price point when compare what I get from T&T supermarket, this is much better.. 

Service wise.. is cold and efficient... The waitress are Cantonese speaking. Most people here for lunch are working in the area and the restaurant was half filled. 

Sashimi house is not bad as a cheap quick sushi fix but would not be the one that I will bring or recommend my friend if they want really good Japanese food!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"This place looks like a high end spa than a yoga place!! 

Opened by Trish Stratus and that explain why it is so nice!

- Great and friendly service, I used the first class free coupon I print from their website, no question ask.. no trying to sell me any package or anything!
- Big reception and waiting area! This place is huge with nice comfy oversized sofa to lounge on.. 3 42"" Plasma TV lining on the wall... ok I am in a lounge??
- 3 practice rooms (easy, intermediate, heated)
- the room I has my class has wooden panel flooring and tons of props (blankets, blocks and blosters all arranged at the back of the room in a nice hardwood cabinet)
- Free use of yoga mat if you don't have your own
- huge change room! The nicest one I been to has a locker/storage area(please bring your own lock) 3 showers with frosted glass door and  only 6 feet deep that provides area you can change in privacy, 4 seating with hairdryers, all the supplies you need Q tips, hair ties.
- the class selections are great but mainly Ashtanga based, so a lot of flow in the intermediate and up classes!
- The teacher I have was really caring and enthusiastic. She kept coming around and helped us all with our poses and give us different variations. And she really gave me a warm welcome when she found out I am first time visiting this studio!
- Monthly unlimited for $74.99, good price for the services provided! and 20% off if you purchase any package after trial
- right across from Vaughan Mills, so you can do your shopping and yoga back to back!
- first class is free and you can use your passport to prana here too!

I am planning to go back again for another free class using my passport!"
"I visit this studio using my Passport to Prana.

This is a really small studio in a strip mall.

The practice room is in the open area when you walk in.. so not much privacy as people basically can peek at  the classes going on from the windows and the blinds.

There are Iyengar robe walls so Iyengar classes are offered.

There are a lot of props available, chairs, bolster, straps, blocks and blankets.

The teacher I took the class was knowledgable and friendly. I really enjoyed my class.

Unfortunately, there is only 1 washroom available.

I don't mind using my passport for the free class, but I don't think I will be purchasing package or class pass to do yoga in this location."
"3.5 Star

Hi Tea is definitely a step up from Teashop 168 in ambiance and vibe. 

Relatively new and one of those places you will miss it if you just drive by. 

Love the rustic looking tables... and the huge windows at the storefront... great to watch the world goes by when you sipping on something icy cold on a hot sunny day!

Menu has the traditional bubble tea, slushes and loose leaf tea too. For food you may try their waffles/crepes or some Taiwanese pub food like popcorn chicken.

Iced Milk Matcha and Red Bean Tea ($3.99) definitely makes me feels like I am having a dessert.. The beans is sweet, cooked to the right softness and still have some bite. You can request the level of sweetness for your drinks. Though I prefers they serves my drink in a glass cups instead of a plastic takeout cup though.

Free Wifi, opens till 2 AM on weekends.. Free parking after 9 pm in the area...

HiTea will be a great options if you looking for a place to relax and chill with your friends if you are in the area...Taiwanese pop songs maybe a little too loud though...

I think I need a spoon.. why am I trying to suck up all these red beans?"
"I love the set up of Aroma Expresso Bar. 

Those nice booth sofa seating not only good to sit with your friends and sipping coffee but great for reading a book (that's what I did) But the only thing is you won't have the view of the TV.

The coffee here is A-OK. Strong roast and love the chocolate on the side. If they would have change that to 50% dark chocolate. Love the mug, thick and heavy.

BTW, that guy Wayne saw in June, was still there on his Apple Laptop the hour I were there with his serious face... maybe he is reading Yelper's review of his competitors??

The late hours makes Aroma Espresso a great choice to hang out late if you have no where to go with your friends or after having wings or fro yo across the plaza."
"Dae Bak Korean Restaurant was on my Plan Z for tonight. Our Plan A restaurant closes on Wednesday, and we randomly picked Dae Bak.

Wednesday night and this place was packed. These people know something we don't know?? 

Special menu selections seems interesting... but it was disappointing that nothing was available at all...My Yelp Friend ended up reluctantly picked some items from non Special menu = normal menu.

Haemul Pajeon(Seafood Pancake $12.99)
- a huge pancake... I was kind of full just looking at that
- not much of a taste, luckily the chili pepper dipping sauce helped to give it some kick 

Galbi Jjim(Braised Beef Short Ribs $11.99)
- The ribs was quite tender...but this is the first time I ever taste this dish so I have nothing to compare with

My eyes kind of lit up when our waitress start bringing us  Soju and Beers... maybe my Yelp Friend order those while I was daydreaming... No such luck!"
"I am not a big fan of AYCE. The selections was quite good at first glance. I came here based on recommendation from my coworkers.

We were lucky to be seated right next to the sushi counter and when we saw how they made their sushi rice, we lose all our appetite!

The sushi rice were all fed into a machine where little dumpling of rice coming out from the other end.... and then the so call sushi chefs put the pre sliced fish on top of the rice.

Just like the previous viewers they messed up our orders too...

I would not come back to eat here anymore!"
"Brand new location in Scarborough, this is one of the 2 locations that is East of 404. 

Staffs here are enthusiastic and efficient. Even during busy lunch hours, the line moves really fast. The lone cashier even have my burger combo delivered to my seat!

So how's the burger? A OK, but just a little over sauced, and I made a mess eating that.

Definitely will be back if I have the burger craving in the area."
"Something is lacking at this Crema Coffee Danforth location compare to it's Dundas location. 

The space definitely is not as nice... but I like how this location has this garage door opened up not only let the fresh air in but good for people watching! 

Don't even consider sitting at the back area of the shop... with minimum circulations and nothing much to see.. and WIFI not working while I was there... it would have make my experience even worse!! 

Cappuccino was A-OK... not the cup I would be dreaming of when I need my caffeine fix!!"
"I am a fan of Vinsanto Ristorante. Not only I enjoy the food, the services and I am impressed that I have great services even I am using a Groupon.

It is a nice warm day, the windows are open, letting the fresh air coming in. I love the deco of Vinsanto.. dark and classy.. and those comfy cushioned chairs!

Menu is really simple with just 1 page for the app/main/pasta/pizza but there are daily specials that is not on the menu. 

Seafood Pasta ($23)
- Fresh tagliatelle pan-seared sea scallops and king shrimp in a seafood tomato sauce
- HUGE fresh scallops cooked perfectly and the shrimp has good bite
- Pasta cooked al dente with this really light sauce enough to coat all the pasta

Grilled T-Bone Veal ($25)
- Veal is tendered and cooked as requested medium rare

Tiramisu ($8)
- recommended by the waiter and he even split the order for us without asking 

Our server resembled an Italian Grandfather is courteous and friendly. 

I definitely will be back... maybe after a hot yoga class next door?! My excuse to stuff myself after yoga."
"Patachou Patisserie is just North of Rosedale Subway Station.. and I always enjoy strolling around the neighbourhood with all these small businesses.

Marcaon Day led me to Patachou Patisserie, but sadly they said all the free ones are gone... if I want one, I can buy one. With just a handful of them left, they don't look too appetitizing. I apted for 

Orange Almond Tart ($5.25)
- The tart itself is quite good... the outshell is ultra buttery... 
-  I wish the almond flavour can be a little stronger

The staff that served me was a little confused though...she was not really sure about what pastries they have and even the prices... though my pastry was boxed nicely to go..

Patachou's baked goods are quite good, doesn't make me go Wow... but just everything feel so unorganized..... maybe it is one of the charm of a French Patisserie?"
"3.5 Star

Kaiju Hot is spicy! Yes really spicy but the spiciness comes from the ghost pepper hot sauce they added to the basic curry. Luckily, you can really adjust your own level of spiciness by how much you mix the hot sauce with the curry base.

My chicken katsu was crispy and crunchy. I like how it was served separate from the curry so it stayed crunchy all these time when I was enjoying my meal slowly.

The nice man at the counter was eyeing me eating my food. I have to keep telling him I am OK. 

A note about Aura's Food Court where Kaiju is located: no wireless signal at all, no text, no calls, no data access... a black hole."
"First impression of Fishman Village 漁家灯火 was that I was not impressed as I walked into the restaurant has a full house of half drunk patrons. Almost every single tables emptying beers by the dozen or red wine by the bottles.

Second Impression was this place just too noisy and giving me a headache.

I ended up have to wait 15 minutes or so for a table for 2 as there are only 5 of those and the rest are all large tables for 10.

Should I be ordering seafood as I looked around and saw lobsters, fish and clams...

Wait staff was really helpful in recommending what's good in the menu without being pushy.

Stir Fried Duck ($18) 生炒鸭  and XO Sauce Seafood Vegetable ($12) XO醬海皇炒勝瓜 were both really good. I really enjoyed the duck as it has an intense salty soy sauce taste and would have taste so good with iced cold beer... A lot of bones and needs work to dig out all the meat and included even the head and neck and more.

Service was good as 2 of the wait staff came by and asked how we like the duck and even replaced our side dish which piled up with duck bones with clean one.

My dinner mate still talking about the duck dish hours after our meal. I guess we will be back again soon."
"Ocean's Fresh Food Market is located inside Shoppers World Brampton. Shoppers World Brampton is a really sad Mall... but I am glad we are here at Ocean's instead of walking around the Mall.

Personally I think that Oceans is the best ""Chinese"" grocery store I have visited as yet. At this location, Ocean's had rebranded themselves as more than an Asian supermarket. Talking about selections!

You can find groceries from China, India, Middle East,  Vietnam, Philippines, Mexico, Caribbean and more under one roof! There are a lot of fresh chilli and all different brands of hot sauce  that makes me go WOW!

Just double check the expiry date before buying.  Not good if the hot chocolate from Mexico still on the shelf  with an expiry  date of 06/2010!!"
"I have to admit that I am sneaky and play dirty when coming to any competitive games. And I don't know how to add or subtract correctly when I am drinking.

Those interactive electronic dart machines at i Darts might be the answer to my problem.

I just need to aim and shoot and the machine would calculate everything for me and even have lights telling me where to aim. (I was really trying to aim at the light!!) As a beginner, it is definitely fun to play with all those different games. 

I would be back soon and order one of those funky beer towers and play some more darts with my Yelp friend. I think he still don't believe I can really beat him with my luck! Next time we play for a round of beer tower!

And apparently another location i Darts Edge is opening soon in Thornhill."
"Former Cathedral of The Transfiguration.

It is just so sad to see how this building had been deserted since the last service in June 25, 2006. 

Now surrounded by residential development as the ""Cathedral"" deteriorating over the years with the lack of maintenance. 

Now the Church Bell still rings everyday and the future of this building is still unknown. Maybe it would be a community centre and library one day? And for now it is a nice decorating structure for the residents of Cathedraltown."
"Senbazuru Sushi Bar is quite nicely decorated. The atmosphere here is more Zen and dark... so dark as they even close all curtains in broad daylight...

Lunch Specials starts from $5.99 includes a miso soup.

Miso soup that serves here you kind of wish you never need to drink one of those... lukewarm.. with a spoon stuck in it when served... (now you know you are not eating in a authentic Japanese restaurant... :P)

Chirashi ($6.99)
- OK! I should not should not expect anything of quality for that price point!
- 3 salmon, 2 white tuna, 1 imitate crab and 2 piece of egg
- the fish quality is not bad.... for that price
- the rice!! the rice is the problem... long grain rice was used.. rice is hard and the seasoned vinegar is not balanced...

Service is really lacking.. served by 1 waitress that wish she is somewhere else.... and she wish I am somewhere else too...

Staffs are mandarin speaking... but she hardly talk to the customers anyway not even a thank you.. so doesn't really matter."
"Why Serissa Cate spells that way?? I really have no clue... I almost think someone cannot spell like me.. but really I look at their signs it is really spell Cate... 

Another Chinese Tea house serving Chinese Tea, Flavoured Tea (like the one I am drinking now... Mandarin Lemon), Italian coffees, Black Diamond Ice Crash in various flavours... 

Taiwanese Teen Pop music filling the whole Cafe... don't expect tranquillity or quiet here. 

Good Fast reliable Free WIFI access.. YAY! I am using their WIFI sipping my mega sweet tea/juice like drinks and writing this reviews and posting the photos! 

BTW, ask the staffs for the internet access keys, then you will be all set!"
"Great selections of everything at The Big Carrot!

I love how they have the local coffee roaster like the Birds and Beans which I have not seen a lot around Toronto.

The beauty and personal care selections are just awesome, I have to say better than Whole Food.. 

Staffs are super friendly.. ""Can I help you?"" I am not lost, I am just overwhelmed with the selections..

Vegan cream and lip balm? Definitely something new for me.."
"Sugarbuds Village Bakery & Cafe seems to be really popular with the local people but I am not really impress...with both the service and the quality of their sweets.. 

My friend got really confused when she walked in.. seems like this place is divided into a cafe that serves some cookies and pastries and drip coffee in the front.. then the other area has a hot station and more sweet and baked goods at the back. 

There is no prices and signage on some of their baked cakes... so we tried to find out what they are.. but even the servers are little confused about what they are and how much they cost. Same with their Macaroons, she not even sure which flavours they are... we have to tell her that that brownish one is cafe... pistachio is the green one.... hmmmm 

The display of cakes and sweets are so not interesting and tempting.. even mine will eat anything that is sweet were not excited. Sugarbuds have serious problem here!

Blueberry cake ($2.75) 
- the cake based is really dried.. and doughy and chewy.. 
- tastes like a something I get from the supermarket.. (hmmm and they call those gourmet cake slice?) 

Macaroons ($1.25) 
- one of the cheapest one I ever got... I wonder if they make it in house... I really doubt that.. 
- not too fresh! it tasted stale already the next day...

There are hardly any sitting in the cafe area..and they are selling Timothy's brewed coffee... feels like more of a coffee shop style instead of a cafe... 

I don't think I will be back again.. I would rather have a cappuccino and tiramisu at Fratelli Village next door!"
"Finally back again to Marche Jean-Talon on a nice sunny Summer day.

Fresh Seasonal Vegetables and Fruits! Free samples available and the tomatoes just so sweet! 

Great place to pick up some prepared food for picnic or some fresh vegetables for cooking.

Tacos? 

Oysters?

Cured Meat?

Goat Cheese?

Mushrooms?

Everything so fresh! I wish I can come shopping here everyday!"
"How come I ended up at Vegetarian Haven? 

How come I am not here with my Hot Vegetarian/Yoga Date instead with my ""meat loving eat anything"" Yelp friend? 

- Local and certified organic ingredients used whenever possible 
- purified drinking water using reverse osmosis filtration 
- In-house made seitans, sauces & dressings 

All come with a price my friend... a price that I might not able to pay on a regular bases.. Maybe I just boil some vegetables at home and just eat that... and cook some of my own blend of purple rice.

Bird's Nest with Purple Rice ($13.95) and Spicy Bali Stir-fried Rice Noodles($10.99) both highly recommended by our friendly waiter that I have a nice conservations with..sadly I don't think he is interested in me.. more in my yelp friend... 

Without the use of garlic and onion and all these healthy options, making these asian dishes can be challenging. Both of the dishes were nicely done. Taste were subtle without being overpowering. Healthy without make you feel like eating too healthy... 

The deco and ambiance at Vegetarian Haven is calm and  zen. Definitely a great place to impress your vegetarian/vegan dates... shown them that you care!

Am I slowly being convert to vegetarian one meal at a time?"
"Ming's Noodle Cafe is a busy place! I was there for breakfast on a Saturday 9 AM.. This place is buzzing... almost all tables are occupied!

The breakfast selections is great. They have breakfast set from $2.50 and up. So you have a choice to stuff yourself crazy or just eat a light breakfast. But you know that all your toasts here will be dripping real butter or your milk tea wil be loaded with Carnation evaporated milk. There is nothing light in here! :)

Anyway, 2 of us shared 2 set breakfasts that includes French Toast.  With no green veggies, no whole wheat bread, no low fat anything.. We were both happy and full... for $5 each includes taxes and tips! What more can I ask for!

Cash only!"
"I am not a religious person. But I love Churches!

Aside from a place of worship, there are also significance in the historical and architectural context.

I visited St James' a couple of time through the years since I took a few Art and Architecture courses at U of T. 

Free for everyone and open 7 days a week, you can even download the self led guide from their website so you can have some background history and have some ideas what you are looking at or for.

Or you can just drop by when there are no services, just sitting inside enjoy the quietness of the space. On a Sunny day, the stained glass windows for sure a sight to behold."
"I love libraries. Especially the new ones that opens up with all the latest gadgets and high tech amenities.

Aaniin set up is fun. I think the kids having a great time attending their summer program with 3D printings, latest computers lab and games. The decor here is modern and futuristic and with so much energy. If you are not kids or with no kids, please proceed to the 2nd floor.

I like the quiet zone at the back and the upper level for adults are noticeably quieter. Now since even books are in digital format, there are less actual printed material available. 

DVD movies are quite current. Good to pick up a few for movie night at home."
"There is no mystery at Mystery Cafe.

Another bubble tea place where you can get overpriced bubble tea, eat some unhealthy snack and chit chat with your friends.

Noise level can be high from the music and for this particular afternoon two guys gossiping their way at the top of their voice over some extra large bbt. 

Deep Fried Pork Cutlet ($4.99) and Iced Lychee Red Tea ($3.99) were surprisingly good. Pork was tender and crispy and tea without overly sweet but still have nice flavour.

Mystery Cafe is a decent option if you want to have a quick snack or just chill out a little."
"I can only review Cleveland as a tourist based on my short visit to the City.

I found the City quite tourist friendly with a decent public transportation that I can use during my stay. It is always nice to able to have a pint or 2 and without worrying how to get back to my hotel. 

People were pretty friendly. I though a little confused with the empty roads and trains even at rush hour. Everywhere was never too busy. Maybe I came from bigger cities where everywhere was jam packed with people and cars.

Having  NBA, NFL and MLB teams.  Sport fans would not be disappointed as it is always fun to catch a good game. 

Beers and more beers?! A week long Cleveland Beer Weeks? 

There are also some nice interesting restaurants for some decent meals at a good price point.

Hotel rates Downtown though was really pricey, probably due to supply and demand as there are not too many downtown. But as long as you stayed in one of the hotels near Red Line, then it is easy for you to get down with just 1 train. 

Cleveland is not a big option for a weekend stay or a mini getaway. But may not be a ""destination"" as a vacation hot spot."
"MN#1 Duck Tongue Deep Fried
MN#2 Crocodile Deep Fried
MN#3 Grill Boar Meat Marinated with Salty Tofu
MN#5 Stir-Fried Deer Meat
MN#6 Venison Tartar

The menu here is extensive.......

No, I didn't order any of the above for my lunch. But Forget Me Not Cafe does offers some not to forget dishes that is different that what other Vietnamese restaurants I had been to in the GTA.

I ended up just have my usual Bun Bo Hue ($8.95). This might be one of the most authentic version of Bun Bo Hue I ever had. From the broth (chili oil, lemongrass, shrimp paste), protein (pig's knuckles, pig blood, sausage) and the condiments (the first time I have sliced banana blossom!)

The deco is really chic and modern, which I am quite surprise to find in the immediate area. The service is polite and efficient.

I will be back.. probably not for the crocodile meat but definitely a bowl of their noodles.... but you never know!"
"Aroma Bakery has opened up another location up at New Kennedy Square Mall.

The set up here is more spacious than the other locations. However, it just lacked that ""oh! Something smell so so good"" vibe.

Of course they have their famous Wife (wintermelon) cake which is always a must when I visit one of the Aroma Bakeries..."
"Ariake Japanese Restaurant is right across from the Promenade Mall at Bathurst and Centre Street.

This restaurant is runned by Japanese family. A really small place that can sit around 20 people tops with 1 waitress during lunch time.

They do have lunch specials from $8.95. 

You will be served with Miso soup and edamame and fresh fruits as desserts.

There is an option for brown rice sushi if you do prefer with a surcharge.

The service is nice and friendly I usually come for a late lunch so there is never long wait for my food order. But I can see it can get busy with just 1 sushi chef and 1 waitress..

The sushi is fresh and tasty..and the cook food are all nicely prepared!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard"
"Freshly Made to Order Donuts!

They were just so delicious and just made my hike worth my while.

Vanilla, Dark Chocolate and Sugar (@ 80 cents) were all so good. Warm and Fluffy, not too oily and not too sweet. Perfect with my coffee. I can eat a dozen myself no problem.. but I guess I shouldn't...

Chez Boris has quite a laid back vibe. Free Wifi and of course a lot of people with laptops hanging out here for hours...."
"It was quiet and dark on a Sunday at 7 pm when we drove into the parking lot of Tosto. The parking lot was deserted and the restaurant was empty. My dinner mate said maybe we should go somewhere else?! But I insisted to give Tosto a chance.

The dining area itself is quite spacious. Self Serve Counter Service: You order at the counter and you will be given a buzzer to let you know when the food is ready. 

We ordered:

Salad Romano ($10) - Refreshing and have a good mixture of greens (argula, romaine, radiccho)
Pizza Prosciutto ($11) - Roasted cherry and roasted garlic brightened up the tomato base! Love how crispy the pizza is!
Pasta Nero ($17) - Squid-ink Linguine with shrimps and salmon roe! love the use of garlic, caper and basil leaf to give it a more interesting flavours

We really enjoyed what we ordered, everything was tasty and exceed our expectations. I also love the more untraditional approach of the menu, so I will definitely be back again.

Price wise though it seems to be a little pricey for a restaurant that does not have table service. But the quality of the food certainly worth the price."
"Centerpoint Mall is a decent Neighbourhood Mall at Yonge and Steeles Area. It is a little out of the way if you are using Subway because you will have to either walk up from Finch Station or take the bus. 

Most of the people that frequents Centerpoint Mall does drives.. since there is a huge parking lot and never too busy. 

Most major stores: Canadian Tire, Zellers, The Bay and No Frills makes this a 1 stop shopping for everyday needs. Good selections of lower/mid end clothings and shoes stores. 

The smaller stores are all standard stores, none of them are really unique or individually owned.. So I can say Centerpoint is another boring shopping place that you can get the things that you need.. but may not be that you really want!"
"I just want to thank our host Mangia & Bevi for their hospitality and Chantel for organizing the First Toronto's Yelp Elite Event for 2016.

Mangia & Bevi has this nice and cozy vibe and it is a perfect venue for a gathering of new and old Yelpers and have a sample of what they offers.

Since there were so many first time attendants and the lack of communication, I believed a lot of people came here expect to have a ""brunch'. As an experienced YEE attendant myself, I do know that 90% of YEE is more about socializing with peers and sampling what our host offers. I had chicken and waffle at Cluck Cluck and dessert at Neo before attending this event.

As I did not really have a chance to get near any food, aside from this one mouthful of nutella pizza sample. Teresa C also nice enough to offer me a spoonful of quiche which I was really thankful.

I kind of feeling sorry for Mangi & Bevi's waitstaff when everyone trying to attack them for food. Ended up they just leave it on the 2 big tables and just let hungry yelpers fought it out. It was a mob scene. 

I hope moving forward we can all learn from this experience and organize future event accordingly.

Good thing was there was never any line at the drink station. I ended up just drinking glasses of ""juice"" and chilling out with new and old friends near the bar area. Hoarding the pitcher of drinks and boxing out others...."
"I love eating Noodle Soup so I can be quite bias to a place that have over 10 different kind of noodle soup with tea/coffee starting from $5.25 for lunch!

Oriental Cafe is a lot cleaner than the 2 other restaurants beside and across from it. The seats are all heavily cushioned and are quite comfy.

The lunch special starts at 11 AM to 6:00 PM so you can really have an early lunch or a late late late lunch. There are 3 different pages of special that they offer.. includes both Shanghai, Cantonese and some Western Chinese Cuisine.

I order the chef's special beef noodle soup. The beef is quite good and the size is just perfect!

Now I want to try every single soup noodles on the menu!

CASH only!"
"Ten Ren's Tea newest location in Richmond Hill. 

Menu is similar to any other location so if you been to one of them, you know what to expect.

A lot smaller than the location at Hwy 7 and Bayview. Tables are really packed together and you can hear everyone conversations doesn't matter where you sit. Noise level is deafening with the pop music, blender, water running,  dishwashing from the open kitchen. And the place wasn't busy at all when I dropped by during soft opening.

Pu Erh Beef Noodle Set ($8.99) comes with a Iced bbt and dessert was A-ok. 

Can they just turn down that lousy music? I cannot even think properly with the noise! And I thought Tea Time should be chill time....

Waitress still in training... short changed me by mistake.."
"I usually like fuzzy and cute thing... but I don't like MoRoCo Chocolat experience at all.... 

Just looking at the menu annoyed me.... aside from everything just insanely overpriced, all these wording of additional charges if more than the stated people sharing/time you allow to occupy a table...The tacky white furniture on the patio, the loud music from the stereo system, slow services..... all these annoyed me more... 

Maybe I was just having a bad day?? 

3 of us sharing: 

Les Bijoux Sucrés ($28) A combination of Spring Rolls, Kiss Me Kake, Brownie and MoRoCo ""Burger and Fries"" 

A Pot of Tea ($10) with a Maracon 

Everything were good... but not Excellent.. and not too memorable aside from my companions... 

I really cannot justify myself in spending $55+tax+tips for an afternoon tea here at MoRoCo... but I did spend 40GBP for an Afternoon Tea experience at the Ritz in London and didn't regret that! 

Maybe I be back for their $7 Cappuccino with a choice of Maracon on a lazy afternoon.... but definitely not going to order those other overpriced items on the menu!"
"3.5 Star

Main Street Markham might not have a good indie espresso coffee shop but I kind of glad that Second Cup decide to open up a new location here.

Being a brand new Second Cup, everything is sparkling new. Tons of electric outlets and the Wifi is so strong! (Currently there is no sign in time limit but it might change when the place get busier!)

The deco might not too cozy but it is spacious has have tons of windows.

Patio facing Markham Main Street also good for people watching but for the time being it is a little dusty with all the construction going on.

There are only a few parking on the side that apparently shared by all the business in this new business/condo development. There are though free parking all around the area."
"Om Spa is located inside Moksha Yoga Thornhill.

What's better or more zen and relaxing than having a Thai Yoga Massage after a vigorous yoga practice? And you don't even need to leave the building!

Om Spa has other services that is standard as other spas I have been to: Manicure, Pedicure, Waxing, Facials and even a half day spa packages!

Yoga, Spa, Yoga, Spa.. I can do that everyday!"
"Good Eats can be that simple and I love how Xola Mexican Food prepares their food. Fresh ingredients and with a touch of love, herbs and spices, Mexican Food is just that simple.

The interior is small and cozy. We were here for a late brunch on a Sunday and there was no wait at all. Service can be a little slow as Xola is more like a family run and with only 1 chef and 1 server working here during our visit.

We shared: 

Horchata ($3.50)
- I never really into Horchata and I found their version not as nutty and creamy as I preferred
- maybe adding rum to become Ronchata next time!

Burrito Lamb ($8.95)
- slow cooked pulled lamb was so soft and moist with a lot of flavour

Fish Taco ($15)
- fish has a nice and firm texture and the breading was so light and crispy!
- love the spicy mayo, guacamoles, pickled cabbage and everything just go so well together!

Good Mexican food is hard to find in Toronto and of course I would be coming back to Xola for more!"
"Bona Via Bakery is quite a disappointment!! 

They are more into cookies I think? The whole display case are mainly cookies... no individual piece of cakes. I guess if you want cakes... you have to custom order one and they do have those ""cake boss"" type of cakes.. there is this torso of woman with cleverage cake on display... (maybe I can get Karl R one for his birthday!)

The cannoli shape roll with lemon filling is not bad.. a little sweet with a hint of lemony favour... However the Tiramisu really not my idea of Tiramisu especially disappointing when you suppose to have authentic tasting Italian pastry in a Italian bakery.. no?? It taste like it laced with liquor.. and the lady fingers tasted stale...  

I don't think I will be back for more sweets!"
"Noka.. a new Japanese restaurant just doing a soft opening in the Annex.

Service a little spotty... There was no wait for tables but I feel a little rushed and cannot really enjoy my dinner... 

The price though is good... really good... but with all these competition around including Sushi on Bloor right next door and Sushi Couture just across the street and a few more in walking distance.. competition is going to be harsh!

Sushi Combo ($9) is amazing value... 5 pieces of sushi and a California roll with soup and salad and that's dinner pricing!! 

- Salad dressing is Meh, funny mango taste...?
- complimentary potato chips is a nice touch
- The nigri sushi is good... but notice no wasabi inside... 
- California Roll has sauce on top.. I guess it is one of those fusion twist?

Free Edamame if you check in on Yelp App (YAY!!)

There is something just missing from Noka... I hope they can figure that out before their Grand Opening!"
"Though IKEA might not be the best place to shop for furniture or deco if you want to have the most unique furniture for your home. 

However, it is always inspiring to just walk around the store, opening up some cabinets, sink into some of the sofas or even sleep in some of the day beds..

Food here is cheap and reasonable! Nothing gourmet but great for snacks and if you are on a budget. Remember to get the IKEA Family card which is free to enrol, not only you get specials at the cafe and even your coffee/tea are free!!

Just love IKEA's business model..."
"Sometimes I wish I can just survive on beer alone! But I need food, so I ended up ordering and eating mediocre food instead of The Boss (64 oz Jug of Beer) at Whitesides Terrace Grill inside Delta Toronto East.

Burger with Fries ($12) is not overly expensive for a hotel restaurant. It looks ok.. but the patty tasted bland...like eating cardboard.... The garnish tasted much better than the burger itself..

Now I know I should just order the beer.. at least I would be happier and have the Jug to take home!!!"
"I have been with ING Direct for years and this is the first time I ever visit their brick and mortar location and talk to some one LIVE!

$2 for coffee or freshly squeezed OJ (obvious choice of juice for colour coordination) with all the proceeds goes toward Charities. Or can just chill out browsing using their Ipads or free wifi for some internet banking. 

One of the most non commercial banks I encounter as you know no one is trying hard to sell you anything!"
"A OK or I've experienced better? 2.5 star maybe

Queen Victoria Pub can be both...

Great to have a drink with a friend if you are in Scarborough area.... but why are you in Scarborough in the first place?

Waitresses are really friendly.. and homey... most of the patrons are from the area.

Over 20 drafts on taps... nothing too exotic but most people will find something they enjoy.

Food.... Tuesday night is 1/2 half ribs... $11 for a rack with fries..lucky it is half price, as it just tasted blend and on the dry side and lack that grilled taste... BBQ sauce not helping much in making it taste any better...

Maybe I would stick with a beer and watch the Blue Jays lose/win next time on one of the big screen TV...

Dimming the light a little might help... at least all of us includes the waitresses can looks better? :)"
"Yes I am doing an update of Ming's Noodle Cafe less than 1 week since posted my last review.

Dropped by for lunch. This place is still packed! I know it is Canada Day and I have to wait for a table. :)

I ordered the Curry Beef Brisket with rice all day special ($7.50) which includes soup and hot drink. I have to say the Beef Brisket is the best I have ate in any restaurant... Yes it is that good! The cut of the brisket has the perfect mix of fat and lean and it is so tender... they just melt in my mouth tender! And it has excellent meat flavour without the curry sauce over powering it! I just ate the whole thing.... all my myself.. and even all the rice! Even the rice is soft and hot..just the way I like it!

My friend's Pork Chop with Fresh Tomato ($6.25) though a la carte, has tons of tomatoes and so huge and fresh off the wok hot!

Yes I would definitely be back and try out the dinner dishes that starts from $5.95!"
"Sweet!? The Gelato maybe a little too sweet for my taste? All I remember was sweetness, maybe it is a good thing?!

I do love the set up of this cafe and of course the awesome Yelp Check In offers for the free upgrade!

Staff is nice and patience as my friend just could not decide on what flavours she likes and after a few I kind of phased out.....

I will be back again when I am in the area and give this G For Gelato a try! And I will find a flavour I will like!"
"What happened to the Duck Tongues at Kung Fu Duck?!

They are definitely not as good as before. They taste bland and boring. Where is the spices, the flavours and the aroma?!

I think I made way better tasting duck tongues than those., just ask Sami E :)

The duck hearts though were good, thanks for Edwin A for his bravery. Maybe I would start making some duck hearts and at home.

Maybe I can open up a Karate Duck one day selling my own tongues and what not?!"
"The early bird doesn't catches the worm at Marche Atwater, especially on a cold winter Sunday morning....

Only handful of stores are opened... but luckily we able to get some pastries at Boulangerie Première Moisson as breakfast, a great start for the morning.

By 8:30 am then some of the fresh products stands and stores starts opening up.

Marche Atwater is a lot smaller than I expect, maybe it is winter so none of the outdoor vendors are open??

Next time I will skip Atwater and go to Jean-Talon instead."
"How can I not come for my Pho to my favourite vietnamese restaurant for Pho-bruary!!

Green Bamboo always delivery!!

Small ($5.95) is equal to a medium/large, Large ($6.95) is equal to an XL ($8.95) which I can never finish, and XL is something I won't even dare to order!

The noodles are always the fresh thin noodle never dried! 

The rare beef is the way it is served rare on top..and always tender and plentiful! (even for take out, they will wrap the rare beef separately so they will stay the way it is  when you eat at home!)

The broth always hot and tasty! So hot when I get take out I have to bring in plastic containers to hold the broth.. the soup will melt the styrofoam containers!"
"Finally make it to Ho Ho BBQ and I got to try the Roasted Pork that Tony F has been talking about all these time. 

Ho Ho BBQ is quite small, it is more of a take out place but does have a little bar stool area facing the street if one do decide to eat in. 

Roasted Pork and Roasted Duck with Rice ($5.50) 
- Roasted Pork is A-OK. The skin oh so oh so crispy!! crack crack crunch crunch in your mouth crispy! The meat is also nice and tender. Not too salty. 
- Roasted Duck is A-OK too! I was given the breast portion but even they are not dark meat, they are nice and juicy and soft. 
- love the large portion of veggie that comes with the order 

The man that preparing my lunchbox was so nice!! He asked me if I need extra pork and if the serving he gave me was enough for me! (Hey maybe I have this hungry look in my eyes or I look like a pig :P) I told him the more the better! 

Cash only!"
"Original Motorcycle Burgers fullfilled the 2 elements in hamburgers that I love:

- Beef makes with AAA Steak grinded on premise. no shtitty frozen patties and it is of high quality (The beef is nice and juicy, cooked with a little hint of pink inside, the way I love it!) +0.5 star
- Real Charcoalled marks on the Beef! Love that smokey flavour... +0.5 star

The Poutine ($3.95) we ordered though is meh... I have to say the gravy and the cheese were good tasting. But the French Fries were just so soggy. I think I will skep the Poutine. -0.5 star

Kudo, to the cook that cut our burger in half without asking! Can I say that he is just a tough and rough biker outside but a sweet, sensitive and observant sweetie inside! +0.5 star

PS Now OMB has their liquior licence so beers are served! Yes burgers does goes well with iced cold beers.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Bar Centrale Di Terroni

Our first stop for a day of food and adventure! At first I thought cool, we are going to a BAR to start our day with a drink. But really we are here for the Breakfast and at 10 AM alcoholic drinks are not served till later...

Love the casual vibe and the set up of the room with the huge windows! On a sunny morning, it is like a solarium and I am getting a sun tan while enjoying my breakfast!

We shared:

Pandolci ($9) - Pancakes, Scandinavian Style with Jam and Nutella
- These little fried dough of joy! Cute for my photos and quite delicious as they are steaming hot!
- It is not the best one I had but for Toronto it is definitely a rare find!
- The kids would love eating those and I feel like bouncing and rolling them around my plate!

Pancetta e Fagioli (13) - Braised Pork Belly, Poached Egg, Navy Beans with a Balsamic Reduction
- Sadly the poached egg is the best part of this dish! The egg was poached perfectly and I can tell it is a great egg from the taste and colour of the running yolk
- Both the pork belly and beans tasted really bland... 

I love my freshly made Americano but I found the Cappuccino a little too mellow for my taste.

Services here are friendly and excellent! 

Bar Centrale Di Terroni is a nice place to have a casual meal and a drink. I definitely will be back when I am in the area."
"I love the space the moment I stepped inside Balzac's Coffee Roastery's Liberty Village location.

The high ceiling, that retro feel... and that huge smile from the staff. 

Great place to chill out on a hot day as the AC was working full blast. 

Sadly the cappuccino was just so so... the milk was not foam properly led to the fail attempt of making any latte art."
"This review of Cravins Caribbean Grill is based on their take out food alone.

3.5 Star for the Jerk Chicken which really have some heat from the dry rub! The portion for dinner size is decent with quite a few piece of chicken. 

I did not enjoy Oxtail Dinner as much as the pieces were mostly bones but have a good flavour.

Good to have a decent Caribbean Restaurant for take out in the Markham area and Cravins' food is definitely quite solid.

Would be back for lunch for more Jerk Chicken!"
"V2 Noodle & Snack is located at the outside strip of First Markham Place. 

It is a great place if you want to have a quick lunch! You can order wonton, beef, shrimp dumplings, cuttle fish balls, fish balls, beef brisket to go with different kind of noodles, price starting from $4.50 for 1 item. This is really similar to Jim Chai Kee format. 

I decide on the wonton/fish ball with egg noodle ($5.00). The size is quite small compare to Jim Chai Kee. Both 2 wontons and 3 fish balls are smaller in size, same with the noodles. However, the noodle here is much better cook and is not soggy. 

Service is not as fast compare to Jim Chai Kee. It took awhile for my order to arrive though there was only 1 other table beside mine.

However, here you don't need to pour your own tea... and there are more selections in turn of snacks.

CASH only!"
"Happy Hour 3 pm - 7 pm 50% off all blended drinks is a sweet deal. Ended up my Matcha Frappe cost less than $3 with tax. The matcha taste can be more but quite good for the price point.

I do love their different loose tea options that you can have them brew fresh when order for you. There are also loose leaves package for purchase and they have samples for you to smell. I though got a little confused as there is no prices on all those tea packages. 

The interior is cute and I hope you like green. There are also couple of tablets set up both for use by kids or adults.

The Monkey Cafe is a cute little cafe and a great place to chill out while shopping in Fairview Mall."
"The newest Home Depot in the area. 

Great customers services compare to the others I been to.

I been asked quite a few times in different departments if I need help. I know, I look lost but I just love browsing around in Hardware store.....

The new storefront design is really catchy, love that!

But if you here expect to see a Harvey or Second Cup you might be disappointed!"
"iThai is a good option if you are in the area and looking for some Asian food. 

Lunch (from $7.50) and Dinner Specials ($10.95) are good value especially you are dining alone like myself. 

I would not compare to real regional Thai food as this maybe a little unfair when you look at the price point.

For lunch I ordered the Thai Spicy Noodle with Chicken ($8.95) with Mango Salad and Spring Roll. It was alright and I enjoyed that.

Great for a quick meal. I will be back next time when I am in the area."
"Annette Branch is a cute little library serving The Junction Neighbourhood.

The setting here is quite comfortable. Feels more like someone house instead of a library. A lot of windows letting the natural lights. There are not a lot of seating but at least it is quite quiet with the kid/children area in a separate wing.

Washroom is located in the basement, just ask for the key at the front desk (it is hanging there!)."
"Lunch Specials! Lunch Specials!

Yes Tomo sushi has lunch specials starting from $7.95! The selections includes both Japanese and Korean items.

We decided to try one Japanese and Korean Lunch Set: Chirashi Sushi ($14.95) and Kalbi/Grilled Beef ribs ($8.95).

The Kalbi set comes with miso soup, salad, pumpkin and tofu tempura and 6 pieces of beef ribs. I have to they all tasted pretty good! Really good price for the food!

Chirashi Sushi has a general serving of raw fish: 14 pieces and artfully presented. The fish are fresh and tasty.. However, I have to say it is not as good as the Chirashi I have at Zen http://www.yelp.ca/biz/zen-japanese-restaurant-scarborough#hrid:V5--da17VL0GVCxdYTnCbA

The service is fast and friendly. I would definitely be back again for lunch to try out others items on the lunch menu!

They accepts Interac, Visa and Mastercard."
"Nova Era Bakery is a great place to have a coffee and hang out with your friends! 

Cappuccino Large ($3.15) and Custard Tart ($1.10) both were A-OK! 

I placed my order with the nice cashier and then my drinks were delivered to my table by a friendly staff! I found the service was nice and warm! 

Free Wifi! But you won't see tons of people here with their laptops! On this Sunday afternoon, I saw none..."
"Though this Starbucks has limited seating..... but on this rainy Friday afternoon I can pick wherever I want to chill... either at the table/the bar or even some comfy sofa style seating.

Not like this place was not busy, but most people are getting their coffee to go.. which is A-OK to me!

The set up is a little different than the others I been to, in fact you have to go and order at the back of the store, there's where the line starts..and you wait for your drinks in front.

And this Starbucks hires Seniors as workers, that is a little different from all those teens that works in others I been to!!"
"There are nothing really Express about Kwan Dim Sum Express. By the name and located in Scarborough Town Centre, I thought it is like a food court setting with no table service.

I was surprise to find out how spacious and roomy it is. Here you can enjoy a authentic dim sum yum cha experience. Their dim sum is decent  and reasonably priced. I just love the idea of able to get some ""real"" Chinese food in STC. If you don't like dim sum, they also have a full menu of other Cantonese items!

The set up is also a little different than traditional dim sum joint as there are high tops and even communal like table setting for single patrons.

I will be back next time when I am shopping at STC and it is a nice option to go before catching a movie for a quick bite."
"Always time for a fro yo!

Yeh is another fro yo place open up in Toronto. 

The limited six selection maybe be as good as other places like Menchie's or Yogurty but here the staff are super friendly and helpful. Free Wifi and with quite a few outlets available.

50% off tea/coffee but of course I am here for the fro yo.

Great place to enjoy a healthy treat while surfing on the Internet!"
"This LCBO definitely worth a visit if you are in the area...

Not only it has one of the biggest selections of everything, it has a whole section at the back that carries Clearance stock of wine and liquors. Discount range from a few dollars to over $30. I suggest to come and check out often as the selections varies from time to time and some are seasonal.

Now if I can taste them before buying then will be great! :)"
"I think I am ready to give up my search for authentic Mexican food in Toronto... I really wondering if they really exist!! 

El Trompo Taco Bar is one of the better Mexican restaurants I been to in Toronto.. but something is missing... The tacos are good.. small but good...but they did not wow me like the ones I have in Mexico... 

Al Pastor ($9.75) 
- Great for snacks.. I can just down those 5 tacos in record time without leaving any for my yelp friend... but I am nice.... 
- The pork is a little dry and blend... more fresh lime juice might help 

Pozole ($5.99) 
- pork and corn soup.. with garnish 
- really really bland... and the garnish on the side were tasteless too.. 
- chili pepper with zero hotness? 
- I almost want to spoon in all the hot sauces on the table to give it a kick!! 

I have to say El Trompo's food is a toned down versions for the real Mexican food... 

BTW, if you like me find those 2 salsa tasted like water with colours... ask the servers.. they have the REAL salsa reserved for the special someone that knows... just ask... and you will have the real thing!"
"I shop personally and for work at Staples.. I love how they offer free next day deliver for orders over $50.. If you ever try to carry a box of paper up 2 flights of stairs, you know what I mean. 

I usually just order most of my office needs over the Internet using their website.. but this particular day I decided to pop in the store since I just want to pick up something small.. and I need it right away!! 

This Staples is set up a little different than the ones I usually frequent, so it took me awhile to find what I need...... no associates came over and asked if I need any help... 

Ended up I went to the Dollarama next door and got a cheap small calculators for $2 instead of $8 at Staples. 

I think I will just stay with website browsing for the time being!"
"Seasons Food Mart is located in the basement of Shops on Yonge. 

Ample parking in the underground parking lot which has direct access to the supermarket. Great when it is raining or snowing outside.

Seasons Food Mart carries a good selection of Asian groceries, not as good as T&T. 

I don't mind coming here to pick up odds and ends but probably won't be doing all my shopping here."
"Best store bought dumplings you can find! I love to have them in my fridge for anytime when I want to have some dumplings. I do think they are better than the one I can make myself at home!

I love any of the ones with chives/leek. 

I just have some for lunch today and you will see me loading it up especially during winter season."
"This review is based on the retail area of Legoland only because as an adult, I am not able to visit Legoland unless I am accompanying a child or on special days.

The retail area is small vs a Lego store. Hardly any finished models on display as you need to pay to the actual Discovery Centre to see them. 

There is an area at the back with a few marked down items if you are looking for a bargain as Lego merchandise does not really go on sale often."
"So Good Restaurant definitely has a family vibe.

I still remember the days when I used to hang around my mother's store after school and do my homework and wait for her to get off. Here a handful of kids hanging around, watching cartoon on their laptops and playing games.

Deco here is simple, service is fast and friendly.

Afternoon Tea Specials from 2:00 pm to 5:30 pm priced from $2.75 and up

Beef Brisket with Noodle and Drink ($4.75) is a all day special so great if you want to have a cheap/light lunch.

Nothing fancy as So Good but is just Good enough for a fast meal!"
"Timing is everything!

First Attempt: In June 2016 when the line was so long and it wrapped around the building. We ended up just left without visiting

Second Attempt: Early December 2017 on a Weekday, the place was empty. We ended up having a great time!

Ripley's Aquarium of Canada is a fun place to visit for all ages. It was quite a close encounter with all these sea creatures. I think this is the only place I would be that close to those sharks!

The hands on area where you can interact with rays, baby bamboo sharks, shrimps definitely a hit with the kids. 

Not a cheap experience at $35 a pop, but I would go at least once! And look forward for a repeat visit in the future.

Plan your visit accordingly! It really does not worth visiting during tourist seasons! I just could not handle the crowds!"
"Really? There is a small special page of Moksha Yoga Menu?

I guess I missed that and stick with my usual Western Sandwich: Egg, Onion and Pepper. Kind of like a breakfast but not a breakfast? sounded healthy but not really that healthy?

Service is decent and food is good

Bottomless coffee and greasy food.. my kind of place."
"3.5 star

I came to Shogun with no expectations.  Just another of my lunch special with another sushi restaurant.  However I was pleasantly surprised.

Lunch Special till 4 pm all under $10. I went with my usual sushi choice.

L0 Sushi and Maki ($8.95) with choice of maki roll. Salad and miso soup were both mediocre as best. However, when I saw my sushi, I couldn't get over the effort of the chef with the plating and the care of preparing my lunch. Everything was nicely done and the fish was decent quality too!

I guess I will be back again for dinner and hopefully it will be as good.

Waitress is friendly and efficient. Chinese kitchen staff seems to know how to make decent sushi. Price wise is reasonable and quality way better than other AYCE option.

PS this is now under new management and not related to the previous business Shogun Ramen at all."
"I came here again to try out other dishes on a Sunday Afternoon.

The food is still quite good. We order the big Seafood Congee. It is great because there are scallops, white grouper fish, Cuttle fish and others. I love grouper fish so I give an extra thumb up for that! and for $7.75... that thing is huge!

I have to tell you the service is not too good.. The wait staffs are really indifferent.. They all looks like zombies wandering around the restaurant (maybe they party until late on Saturday night?)"
"I love traditional Taiwanese dessert and I always enjoy what ZenQ offers!

Hot Herbal Jello with all the fixing hits the spot when outside is cold and rainy! And for those hot days, there is always shaved ice!

This Zen Q location is more a self serve restaurant as there was just 1 person working which is the cashier, the server and she even prep the food and everything else!

Not bad for a quick bite if you want some Taiwanese style fast food. Just don't expect much and you won't be disappointed."
"A trendy Mexican restaurant in Pickering?! Thanks for Chris C's recommendations to give Chuuk a try.

Cocktails anyone?! A real crafted cocktail offering is almost impressive outside the Downtown core.  We tried Maya Mule($11) and Old Fashioned ($12) both with a Mexican twist!

Guacamole ($12) The house made nachos was tasty. The guacamole itself lacked that kick and small in portion.

Empanada ($6) and Tsiik Tacos ($14) chilled beef salad were so so. Both tasted flat but adding the house made hot sauces did add more flavours to both.

The food at Chuuk did not wow me but I did enjoy their cocktails. Maybe I like drinking more than eating?"
"Finally Finally I am at Tiny Tom Donuts! This nice fellow greet with and ask what I like? 8 Tiny Tom please...

Making them fresh and seeing it coming out of the machine is just awesome... (I do wish I did not see the oil that they were deep fried in! OK.. just a few of those won't kill me.. I can go do 5 more yoga classes to get rid of that!)

For the flavours I just want to keep it nice and simple with just icing sugar. I have to agreed with Neil T.. the smell of Tiny Tom Donuts reminds me of funnel cake from Wonderland.. but I like funnel cake way better than Tiny Tom.......

The nice fellow gave me oh 11 donuts for the price of eight!.. hey that is so nice of him. Tiny Tom are great for sharing. When I took them to the office and let my coworkers have one or 2 of these little babies.. they all went on sugar high and so happy rest of the evening!"
"Port Credit is alright if you lives in the area and want to pick up a bottle of wine or some beers. No special items or limited release can be find here.

The most disappointing thing though was on a long weekend Sunday, only 1 cashier working and the line was so long.

You can find Old Credit Brewery's Amber Ale and Pilsner here though."
"This is more an update of my previous experience at Banh Mi 24 http://www.yelp.ca/biz/banh-mi-24-inc-toronto. The store never moved but since the original listing the address was messed up so when another listing was added, Yelp HQ thinks that the business had moved....

The menu is more extensive than the last time I visited than just 1 type of banh mi. The staff a lot more friendly as I was greeted and served by a nice couple instead of a teenager. I was even asked if I want my bun toasted! 

Cold Cut ($3) was much better this time. Maybe it was not the end of the day, the bread still quite fresh. 

I might come back to try their Grilled Chicken ($5) Banh Mi. And of course extra Thai chili and Jalapeno please!"
"Richtree Market Restaurants inside Promenade Mall is one of those places that really confused me! 

It is set up like a fast food/cafeteria place, when you get your food you go pay at the cashier when you exit. 

I was circling around this place, it is strange that where you order dessert/crepes/waffles are outside of the cashier area.. so I need to walk out with my coffees in order to order dessert, will people going to think I did not pay for my purchase? 

I just want a coffee.. and I want to sit at the bar and drink my coffee from a real mug... After I finished my coffee.. the girl asked me to just go pay at the cashier when I leave... So basically if I am not honest, I would have just walked out..without paying... (for the record I did pay for my coffee) 

I always like Richtree's drip coffee, because it is make freshly when ordered. I just could not stand stale coffees. Their loose leave tea has great selections too! The tea leaves are spooned into tea bags when you order. I do find the espresso beverages a little weak for my taste, I just don't really like their roast. 

Sipping coffee at the bar and enjoying the smell of all the freshly baked, freshly cooked food in the air.. yes it was a really comforting and calories free experience!"
"I confess I love my Corningware containers, casserole and especially my soup mug which I use so often at my work place.

The staff here are just so helpful and friendly! Asking us if we need help, telling us what's on special (50% off knives and cutting boards).

Price are quite compatible but I definitely won't be paying anything unless there is a sale :). 

Great store to browse around as there are much more than just Corningware!"
"When I walk the door Boucherie du Marche, I know I can do it. 

I can come here and load up on all the pre-prepared food (tons of beef, pork, poultry, rabbit, lambs)... just grill, bake, pan fried... a dinner party for my friends?

Hopefully, they love meat and will eat everything.

There are also cured and preserved meat and all the sauages I need if I just want to make a Charcuterie platter....

bon appétit!"
"I am IMPRESSED!!! T & T comes and check out your competitors, you should be happy that Ocean's Fresh are not opening up a few locations near your stores! 

The cooked food area is huge with a great selections of dim sum, noodles and other cooked dishes. Prepackaged sushi was all nicely presented and with good variations too, and a sign saying just ask and they will custom make an order for you! 

The Seafood area is nicely tucked at the back of the store and the set up is kind of cute too, with a nautical theme. Tanks and tanks of lobsters and fresh seafood are on display. 

Sauces!! You can get any sauces you need! Just for chili sauces alone, there is an aisle has all the chili sauces from around the world. I found the XXX habanero sauce I had at Combine Eatery for $2.39! And then there's another aisle that dedicated to hot sauce from China/Hong Kong! 

Ocean's Fresh is super clean, super organize and just feels like an T&T on Steroid! 

I can't wait for the day that Ocean's Fresh will open one in the my area!!!"
"Parkway Kitchen is the longest operated and the busiest food stall inside the food court area of Shoppes of Parkway.

Every evening around 6 pm, you will see customers anxiously waiting for the takeout. Boxes and Boxes of stir fried to take home as dinner.

If you looking for value and Cantonese food with fresh of the wok taste, you won't be disappointed.

For something quick to go, their Fish Sauce Chicken was quite tasty! I just had that as dinner yesterday!"
"Raptor Game Night Special is a sweet deal especially if you a cocktail drinker! All regular and signature cocktails for $5 when the regular price for $10! All appetizers half price!

We shared some apps and drink some spicy cocktails... and cheering on the Raptors!  

All for $5 during Appy Hour:
Watermelon Fizz ($7)
The Junction ($10) Jalapeno infused tequila
Junction Signature Caesar ($10) with Bacon Infused Vodka

All Half Price during Appy Hour:
Jerk Chicken Poutine ($8)
Pulled Pork Potato Skins ($10)
Calamari ($11)

Special of the Day:
Corn Battered Fish Sandwich ($9)

Pool for $1.50 a game ...

Service was attentive and excellent!

Since The Junction Kitchen & Bar was relatively new, there were a lot of things they were quite unsure. Sound was on mute during Raptor games until we requested to have it turned on. Management kept playing with the remote control during the game.. those all should be sorted out prior the beginning of the game! 

Beer special was a little weak with only Labbatt Blue for $5 a pint... .. I guess I would stick with my foo foo drinks"
"""New"" Pet Valu has it has been relocated to this bigger unit at the same plaza. 

Spacious with huge selections of holistic and organic pet food.. if you are confused, talk to the staffs, they would able to give you some suggestions. 

Toys.. a whole wall full of toys for your flurry friends... if you are confused, bring your pet, they would able to help you to pick a few that they like.

Grooming service also available.. if you prefer to DIY, this location has a ""Self Serve"" Dog Wash with 2 bays... Great if you have one of those big and hairy dog, as you can make the messy here, instead of your own bathroom.

And for my dog, he probably prefers some of those snacks... but they are all healthy choices... I wondering if he would like those raspberry gluten free wheat free oven baked cookies?"
"2.5 Star for the Total Experience

4 Star for Excellent Food

Winterlicious 2012 Lunch menu $20 is surprisingly good. 

Really Good Soup 
- Caramelized onion soup is sweet and flavoured with a tough of cheese
- Hearty and Light as the same time

Potato cavatelli and slow cooked turkey bolognese 
- Pasta has this look of little worms
- cooked perfectly al dente, chewy and soft at the same time
- tomato sauce was light and has a touch of parsley

Affogato
- I love dishes with contrast always a fan of Affogato
- White Chocolate Ice Cream and a shot of Espresso
- Hot vs Cold, Sweet vs Bitter
- The cookie on the side was soft and moisture 

Coffee ($3.50)
- Smell so good and I just love French Press

1.5 Star for Indifference and Mediocre Service

I was one of the 3 tables here for a late lunch. With 2 waiter on the floor I should not feel that I am ignored at times or my reasonable request for my bill and cash me out  a burden to the staffs. An experience comparable to my Hong Kong Style Cafe which I paid $3.50 for a lunch special.

I ordered my dessert with the app and main and by the the time for dessert they just drop the cup of cookies in front of me without saying a word until I told him I ordered the Affogato. 

I really enjoyed the food and the deco of the restaurant but I don't think I will be back because of the service."
"Downward Dog Yoga Centre is a lot smaller than I expected. Only having 1 washroom.. yes 1 unisex washroom for the whole studio... :)

The front is a really small shelf for shoes/winter boots and there is no where you can really sit down to put your boots on!! I guess it is one way for yogi to take their practice off the mat into real life! :P It can be quite a frustrating experience when dealing with all the people traffic in between classes with people all trying to take off and put their boots on! 

The practice room though is spacious and I just love the darker earth tone of the decoration... Which is quite different than all those white wall and richer s in a lot of other studios I been to.

There are floor to ceiling windows overlooking Queen Street, right across from Starbucks.. Made me feel like getting my cafferine fix when I was struggling in my asanas.. Starbucks calling my name.. I need a Grande Cafe Latte... ommmmmm ommmmmmmm

The class I took using my passport to prana is Ashtanga Prep.. instructors was really patient giving instructions and tips on all the poses.. as expected with Ashtanga there was a lot of flow and working on upper body strength. Prep class is good start if you are new to yoga or you just want to take it easy on a Sunday morning."
"Strolling around Yorkville looking for food, Yamato is like a magnet!! I got suck in when I saw the 3 sushi chefs working so busy at the sushi bar.

Sushi Sampler ($11) and Tempura Udon ($14) were both nicely done!! Especially the Udon which has a tasty Dashi broth, udon cooked to perfection soft and chewy at the same time!

Service was polite and a little distant. 

I would definitely drop by Yamato again when I am in the area for their lunch specials...."
"It is never easy to make up my mind what I want to eat when I am at First Markham Place. Aside from all the sit down restaurants, there are also numerous choices in the food court itself.

Shanghai Legends is located inside the food court of First Markham Place.  I got attracted by the signs of the promise of an awesome tasting traditional Beef Noodle Soup.

Beef Noodle Soup ($6.42) with a choice of drink was a little disappointing. The broth itself though was decently good with great beef flavour. The beef too was quite tender. The noodle itself was meh.. as store brought noodles was used and was over cooked and resulted with no texture and bite....

I might need to try out other dishes that Shanghai Legends offers before I can really write it off. Maybe some dumplings and dim sums next time?"
"3.5 Star

DaYaLi Beijing Roast Duck Restaurant is one of the largest chain of restaurant in Beijing China. This Markham's location is the first ever branch that opens overseas or in fact outside of China. Dayali not only famous for their Roasted Duck but others dishes from Beijing, Sichuan, Shandong, Cantonese and Huaiyang.

Trying to call for a reservation but apparently need to have more than 4 people to reserve. Oh, maybe I should get more people?

Arriving on a Saturday 5:30 pm for a really early dinner. And there was like 1 hour wait. Be patient.

Gold Medal Roast Duck ($38.88) 
- Nicely presented on a warm that keep the crepes warm
- The condiments are set up in little plates surrounding the warmer: green onion, cucumber, sauce, dried cranberries, fresh grapes, sea salt and 5 spices salt
- Skin are super crispy and thinly sliced, like eating chips! But with a mouthful of goodness of duck fat when I crunched into that!
-  The sliced duck meat is really lean and  nicely presented on a swan like plate, really buttery but a little different than the other duck I had. A little bland so that's the reason for the salt!

Golden Pear ($1.50 each)
- I know I want that when I saw it on the website
- These are NOT really pears with a sweet potato outer layer stuffed with red bean inside!
- Not overly sweet and not oily.. 

Lotus Roots and Chestnut in Black Bean Spicy Sauce
- Lack the spiciness and the texture of lotus and chestnut are really similar
- Boring in taste, mouth feel and presentation

Fish with Sour Cabbage 
- I was surprised at how simple but how good this is
- The fish though not the best quality went well with the sour cabbage and some preserved chili!

Chicken Stew Mushroom Soup ($7.99)
- Mushrooms..tons of mushrooms..
- Chicken..tons of chicken
- ginger, chicken and mushroom soup according to my Yelp Friend has ""special"" health benefit?! I am taking notes...

Service is fast and efficient. Too efficient when they trying to clear the plates even before we finish! 

Everything taste good and priced reasonably but the duck was a little letdown. And the Menu is huge!! It will take me multiple visits if I going to sample more items on the menu!

Get the membership card which is good for 3 years give your special member pricing in case you going to visit again!

I might be back again to Dayali but definitely not on a busy weekend for dinner!"
"Wow Korean Restaurant Inc. is really one of the fast food places inside the Galleria Supermarket.

Here you can get Soup in a Hot pot from $5.99. They do have the usual selections of soup and even Chicken Soup in Ginseng for $7.99.

Spicy Beef Soup in Hot Pot ($5.99) aka Hangover Soup
- Not bad value for $5.99 which includes 3 Banchans (potato, kimchi and seaweed)
- The soup is smallish... like half the hot pot
- The broth itself not too spicy, lacking the kick... not going to help my hangover.. 
- The veggie selections inside the soup though quite interesting with turnips, bean sprouts and king mushrooms
- The rice was just plain white rice... oh how I like my purple rice

I think I will definitely willing to pay a little more to have my Korean soup in other places... since there are a lot of Korean restaurants choice in the area.. However, Wow is still worth a try if you are in a rush... and have no time for a full service sit down meal!"
"I am not a K-Cup drinker but I do love my loose leaf tea! Markcol have a great selection of Seven Sisters Tea http://sevensisterstea.ca/ . One can probably order directly online but I do like to smell my tea before buying at least for some new funky blend.

The staff is just so helpful and would let you smell and look at the tea before buying. The best thing though is some of them are on sale! The price starting from $5 for 50 g. You get the best bang for your buck if you choose tea that does not have those dried fruit blended in. Those are pretty heavy in weight.

50 g of Peppermint Tea at 20% off and the leaf so light and it packed 2 full bags!! 

You can also try out the K-Cup different flavours as they can brew it for you at $1.10 per cup."
"I had been wanting to try out Mario's BBQ for awhile but never got a chance till now. 

I walked in on a Tuesday around 1 pm. 

I stood there for 5 minute, looked around and the grill was cold and no one was at the counter to sell me any food.

But I was kind of glad as the chicken on the grill looked sad.

I just left and went somewhere else for lunch."
"It took me 90 minutes to travel one way on driving/TTC to have lunch buffet ($11.99) at Kathmandu! And it better worth it! And yes I have a good filling spicy lunch that put a smile in my face! 

The buffet selections may not be huge.. don't expect to be at a Chinese buffet or a Japanese AYCE when there are 50 items for you to pick from. Here we are talking about quality not quantities. 

All the food were all tasty, spicy and fresh... Yes spicy enough that I don't need any hot sauce and so delicious that I start having bits of food on my face and everywhere... Sorry for my friend that was eating with me, I hope I did not splash some of the sauce in his face! 

Lunch Buffet only serves from Monday to Saturday, so for me it will be another painful TTC trip if I want to come down again! But I am IN if my friend says let's do it!"
"Back to Jatujak for lunch and the experience was just not as good as before. 

Maybe we should stick with the lunch menu during lunch? Crispy Spicy Chicken ($10.95) was just disappointing. The flavours was there but the chicken was dry and hard. Tasted not freshly deep fried and just from frozen pieces.

Pad Kee Mao ($7.95) was OK. But it was not as good as last time I had it?!

Service was lukewarm...

This just made me sad."
"There is really an Uncle John at Uncle John's Candy Shack! And I bet you that he is the most popular person at Mount Pleasant Village. 

Who does not love sweet and candies?! At least all the kids I know does.. and I do know a handful of sweet tooth Yelpers... (you know who you are?!!)

The decoration and colours used to deco the stores makes me feel like I am at the fairground... green and red and orange.. all bright and happy colours!

BTW, if you are into Great Britain sweets and grocery... Uncle John's does carries a good selections of British products!"
"Lucullus Bakery not only has Chinese pastries and Western cakes but it has a good lunch specials too!!

For $4.16 you will get a decent lunch/with a drink. The choices are pretty good. But they are all pre steamed so you can get your food in 3 minutes after you order! Talk about speedy services!

The minced meat I ordered was quite ok. Reminded me of something that my mother used to make.. (yes she is not a really good cook and she always overcooks my meals) 

The HK style tea are all premade in a warmer... I have to give it a -0.5 star because it is really strong and bitter and she did not put in enough cornation milk. Usually I prefer places that don't make them all in the morning... imagine how their tea will taste like in the evening.

The reason that I am giving Lucullus Bakery a 4 star is because of the Durian pastry ($1.50)! Yes it is so good!! The outer shell is so flaky and light and the filling oh yum yum. Yes it is real Durian inside... (yes I am a durian fanatic even my dog loves the smell!)

I will definitely be back for the lunch specials and then finished it off with the durian pastry and I will be so happy!

Cash Only!

BTW, love their Egg Tarts too!"
"I've been wanting to have some tacos at Grand Electric...but I guess I am spoiled... I don't really want to line up and my friends who are nice enough to line up for me and I just show up right before the place opens... I have to say THANK YOU!!

I guess after lining up for 45 min and being the first in line... they were hungry.... And as usual...someone dear wants everything interesting on the menu...

Miami Ribs ($13)
- really tender and well flavoured... remind me of Korean style ribs
- love the fat on the ribs
- fingers licking good... (we ate with our fingers...)

Baja Fish Taco/Spicy Arbol Chicken Taco/Beef Cheek Taco @$3.50 each
- I love the Baja fish that best.. the batter is light and the fish fresh
- Chicken a little on the dry side... 
- Beef Cheek has really rich and has a complex flavour

Spicy Squid ($9)
- definitely remind me of Korean style 
- hot sauce mixed in with a sour note
- squid are tender but I think I might pass on this next time

Guacamole & Chips ($10)
- the chips are freshly baked... eat them right away if not they lost their crunchiness
- Not much flavour in the dish itself... I can even say a little bland... 
- Would not offer that next time!

And I washed them down with Cerveza Monkey ($6)

For dessert:
Key Lime Vaso ($5) and Chocolate & Pecans ($5)
- I like Key Lime Vaso a little better since it has smooth and sour and sweet at the same time... 
- Chocolate Pudding is a little boring.... just too sweet for me

Churros ($6)
- I always love Churros... especially freshly made and filled with Dolce de Leche (life is sweet!!)

Music is a little loud... an excuse for me to scream at my friends.. ignore them...or get close to them ... whatever I like...

Services is friendly, efficient and personal...........

What a great evening!! I am ready to come back to Grand Electric again... Text me whenever?!!!"
"3 stars for dim sum + 0.5 star for services and deco + 0.5 star for Early Bird Special.

My experience of Crown Princess Fine Dining is based on the $3.10 Early Bird Dim Sum Special. I am quite value driven so I am happy to pay $3.10 for the dim sums S/M/L sizes but if I would have pay full prices then it will be a much harsher review.

I have to say that the deco and the services here are both excellent! The waitstaffs are everywhere. There are even at least 4 managers working on the floor to make sure everything run smoothly. 

Hot water always refilled for the teapot, dishes always cleared right after we finish eating, the waitstaffs are all nice/young/polite.

The dim sums we ordered are all good (comparable to the dim sum quality at Richmond Hill/Markham) and nicely presented. We enjoyed everything we ordered, except the Deep Fried Fresh Fruit Dumplings - Not only it is way too oily (dripping in oil, we have to use our napkins to soak it up before we dare to eat that) and it is stuffed with bananna, apple and mayo.. hmmm yuck!

I would suggest making a reservations if you do come and it is so nice to able to make a reservations instead of waiting in line for a table.

Parking are free on Sundays, just bring your parking slips they will stamp it for you!

If you want the dim sum specials, you need to order before 11:00 AM Monday-Sunday and is Cash only!

If you are in the area, I would suggest you drop by but making a special trip from the Suburbs may not be worth it!"
"I drove by McCowan and Hwy 7 where Calabria Bakery used to me and I found out it is gone.....

No, it didn't closed down!! The whole building structure is gone! 

Now it is a construction site and I couldn't find an update at their website... 

Where is Calabria??

To be Continued....."
"Dolce Camerata is a few of the nicer places at Centerpoint Mall to chill. 

Drinking Americano from a mug listening to Classical/Spa like music on their patio is quite relaxing.  

Dufflets pastries is available if you want some sweet.  DC also has freshly made crepes or sandwiches too.... Even my favourite Banana Nutella. 

Barista is polite....asked me if I need milk for my Americano ($1.79)....with my answer being no, filled the hot water up to the top.. not to my liking!

Free WiFi just ask for the password!

Excellent hours opens from 7:30 am to 11 pm"
"2.5 star

Urraca Resto Lounge has been opened since July is still in growing pain. A little confused, a lot of uncertainity from the decoration, the menu and the staffs.

Is it a food place? Is it a drinking place? What's the price point? How to get the crowd in?

As a lounge, Urraca is just too bright with that huge chandelier in this relatively small space. The sofa does feel awkward, maybe I ate too much that it just sagged all the way down. 

Our waitress was definitely confused when I asked for the drink menu. No drink menu? But they can make anything for us? What's the specialities? We can make anything? $3.50 domestic beer is the only thing seems to have a pricing on!

Menu though quite interesting with a Korean fusion twist. But after all they are all deep fried bar grabs just dressed up with Korean ingredients. We shared

Bulgogi Poutine ($7)
- good as snack with generous portion

Kimchi Rice Ball ($7)
- the better dish of the night, crispy outside and mushy inside and quite delicious too
- huge portion!! 

Roast Pork Belly ($10)
- the pork belly were so deep fried that they were rubbery and dry
- roast vs deep fried? maybe they should change the description or just take that off the menu

Urraca does have a lot of potential to be a good place to eat and hang out with friends. Price is good with generous serving. But management really need to step up and at least dim the light, have a drink menu put together and maybe get some beers on draft?!"
"What was that??!

Why did you use a marker to write my order on my mug at exactly where I am going to sip my coffee from?? I don't really want to eat or taste marker ink with my coffee.

Americano was not bad. worth at least a 2 star.

I know as a business you might not be fully responsible for your customers hoarding the tables and chairs and think they are in a library. 2 people took up 2 tables for 4 so they could put their jackets and personal items? I know it is close to Ryerson and this is a coffee shop where people drink coffee and socialize, not a study room.

Maybe Zavida you can start putting some hooks so your customers can hang up their jackets instead of taking up chairs that paying customers can sit down and have their coffee."
"Being in Markham, there are not many choices of decent Millie Crepe cake. Millie Cafe probably the best one as of now.

I would not call this place a ""cafe"" as there are only 3 small tables for 2. You will be lucky if you able to find an empty table. (I was there on a Wednesday at 8:30 pm and there was no empty table). I opted for take out

Selection was quite limited: no more Earl Grey but I have my eyes on Matcha Millie Crepe and also have a Souffle Black Sesame Cheesecake.

I really enjoyed my crepe cakes! So soft and so bouncy and have so many layers! I just could not stop admiring it. I can imagine the work, the time and the skills to make that. (No, I don't think I can make this at home!)

Skip the Souffle cheesecake! I just dislike the texture, the taste and everything. Meh.

Price is high. Not something I would get all the time. But I still want to try the Earl Grey. And one day maybe I am so inspired to make something like this myself."
"Dropped by here Jan 4, 2018 for their National Spaghetti Day Celebration! 

One of the coldest days 2018, I was seated near the door by the bar with a wintery drift. Even with the storm door, I could still feel the bitter winter winds. I could understand if the restaurant was packed but not when it was not even busy. Single diner problem as those are the only 2 tops available.

Shrimp Spaghetti ~ Wine cream, lemon and garlic butter, fresh basil, fried capers, picante sauce, spicy poor man's Parmesan  ($17 at 50% off)  was a steal with the special offering. Love the chewiness and texture of freshly made pasta. Shrimps were plentiful but I wish for more pasta! 

Service was fast and friendly. 

PS I kind of wish they still have Lobster Spaghetti on the menu though."
"Toronto Weston Flea Market really looks and feels like a market in a Third World Country....

The food market right outside the building itself does have quite a good selections of fresh fruits and vegetables just like a farmer market.

The inside though really messy and not much things to buy or even to look at...

Just a sad ghetto place!"
They are CLOSED!!
"Sweet Boutique does remind me of the cafes I frequent in Italy... where I drink my espresso right at the counter standing and munching on pastries!

Love the selection of sweet at Sweet Boutique, everything just looks so delicious and hard to decide. Espresso is nicely made with good crema and went so well with my treat!

The only complain is why the staff starts swiping the floor right beside me while I am sipping my coffee, the next thing she started wiping the table next to me with this strong cleaner......... All I smell was chemical not the aroma of my coffee anymore..............why?! Couldn't she just wait?!"
"OK Babu! Are you trying to stuff me and make me so fat??!!

I am just trying to have something for lunch.. and for $4.50 My takeout box was packed to the max with all these spiciness goodness that I cannot stop myself from eating! 

Yes the curry is spicy! Trust me if I said it is spicy, it is spicy!!

I would definitely be back for some quick, cheap, spicy spicy food!"
"I guess it is not Le Gros Jambon's fault that we were here in a group of 9?! Le Gros Jambon is not ideal for groups... come alone or with a friend, your experience would be a lot better! 

Would I wait for a table here? I doubt I would again. We shared:

Coca-Cola Burger ($12)
- It was so so so salty! After one bite I know I could not eat that.... the Coco Cola Mayo was not really helping much to improve the dish and really should I suppose to taste coke in that? 

Fried Chicken with Waffles ($14)
- The chicken was really delicious. The light batter has just a hint of sweetness and was super crispy! We were lucky as it was sold out 10 minute after we ordered!

The staff here are super nice and friendly. I don't mind coming back and try out other items as long as I don't need to line up for a table!"
"Jeon Ju Hyang is quite promising. Love the extensive menu! Everyone should able to find something they like, hopefully!

We ordered:

Samgyetang ($13.99) highly not recommended. I was trying to convince my dinner mate not to order that but he insisted. Of course there was not any taste of ginseng, half a small chicken... a sad soup.

Jjam Bbong ($10.99 on Special for $8.79) was decent. Noodle cooked with a little bite and extra spicy usually do the trick! 

Not a bad option if you have craving for Korean food. Plenty of parking as the lot here is huge! After hours when Rona is closed there are hardly any cars parked at this end!"
"Best Choice Restaurant is one of those place that if you want to stuff yourself without paying a lot of money. 

I can tell you they do have their loyal followers when the restaurant is nearly full on a chilly cold weeknight after 9:30 PM. 

I ordered a Dumpling Noodle Soup. The portion is big... with tons of vegetables and 5 big fat shrimp dumplings. However, it was loaded with MSG! After I finished eating that my tongue was numbed for the whole night. 

I would not recommended Best Choice if you are really sensitive to MSG. 

The services were quick and friendly. 

CASH only!"
"I have been waiting for this Yogurty's to open for months..... And they have to pick the coldest days of this winter to decide to have their grand opening.

-15C
Empty Store
No one but me is crazy enough to have fro yo?

Staff working here is really friendly and nice, even give me a $1 off coupon for my next visit.

Interior is clean and spacious...

I will definitely be back when the weather is warmer! Hopefully SOON!!"
"A little disappointed that this Bier Markt location no longer offers Happy Hour Special.

But the beer selection seems to get better with the newer beer menu, a lot of newer beers from smaller breweries from Canada, US and Belgium.

Patio seems to be decent but if you are a non smoker or allergic to smoke, you might not really enjoy the experience.

Goose Island Honker Ale and Rosarda which is not widely available on tap at other bars. The Seasonal rotating beers from Rogue, Quebec, Ontario and Fruit is quite interesting. 

Service is friendly and fast. A good place to have a beer or 2 or even catch a game on the huge TV!"
"Albert Campbell Library is recipient of a Trillium Award for outstanding contribution to the beauty of Scarborough, presented by the Agincourt Garden Club, the Scarborough Historical Society, and the City of Scarborough Recreation and Parks Department.

The design itself does have all the characteristic of the era it was built: Brutalist architecture. Characteristic of linear, fortress like and blockish, often with a predominance of concrete construction.

The inside though is well maintained and not as cold.

Albert Campbell is a few of the libraries I been to in the area has the sense of being in the library... quietness, people studying and no toddlers running around or screaming..

The place though is pretty packed for an early afternoon. If you want to use one of the computers, you might need to reserve one on line!

Plenty of parking!"
"Pupusas Pupusas Pupusas and More Pupusas!

I think that's the only item I wanted to eat when I visit El Pulgarcito! Here you would find the most authentic pupusas which is a a traditional Salvadoran dish. I just love the simple and rustic taste. Highly recommend the one with cheese inside... oh so gooey gooey cheese. Make sure you eat them with curtido (lightly fermented cabbage slaw with red chilies and vinegar) and some tomato sauce.

Since they are made when order, it would take 15 minute or so to have them ready. But they are just so fresh!!

El Pulgarcito is really casual and family owned. Seat yourself, Go grab your own drink, pay at the cashier when you ready to go...

Worth checking out!!

Btw, I like the new location a lot better than the previous location. A lot more parking and more spacious!"
"Looking for food after Yelp's First Open Event at Hotel Ocho landed us here at Lim Ga Ne. 

I just walked into the restaurant randomly as my Yelp friend was hungry.. and he wants MEAT... and Lim Ga Ne was the first restaurant that we walked by that was opened...... 

I wanted to sit on the elevated floor seating with my legs up, shaking like one of those Korean guys. But my friend said no way because he is so stiffed and he could never sit cross-legged.. (now now.. I have to ask him to join me for some intense yoga practise and definitely that can be fix!!). Reluctantly I got stuck with one of the boring traditional western style seating... 

Meat.. yes you can get Meat here.. and he never like cooking himself so Korean BBQ is out..and he was really happy with his: 

Sliced Beef with Marinated in Special Sauce ($13) 
- It tasted ok.. it must be since he just ate the whole thing... by himself... but he has quite a bit to drink. and hungry
- Personally, I found it lack the sizzling, bubbly, steamy hot vibe.. but what I know about hot... he is the expert as he always looking for HOT chicks! 

I want some comfy food that would offset the crazy night I have at Yelp's event so I decided on:

Spicy Beef in Broth ($9) 
- which I ordered extra spicy.. was not spicy... served in a ""WARM"" stone pot was definitely disappointing... 
- Beef was the brisket type which I found them dry.. and chewy.... 

The sides too were not too good... Plenty but not good...... maybe I should have drink more at the event? 

I probably won't be back to Lim Ga Ne, as there are so many Korean restaurants in the area!"
"I would have never imagine myself going to a Vegetarian Restaurant, since I like seafood so much. I went to this restaurant because one of my yoga classmate is vegetarian so I agree to give it a try. I have to say I am pleasantly surprise!

YES this place has lunch special, that's where the bento box we ordered come from $6.95 with miso soup, salad, California Roll, stir-fried veg with meat. 

We also order avocado/mango roll and mushroom noodle soup.

All the food are tasty.. And it is not as oily as other Chinese food only vegetarian restaurants I been to.

There are a varieities of Thai, Malaysia, Cantonese and Japanese choices in the menu e.g. curry chicken, Asam Laksa, Hainanese Chicken Rice.. So Joe Yee is kind of like a Asian Fusion Japanese restaurant.

This place does get busy during lunch time when we were there! 

CASH only!"
"Michael's No Frills is one of the most interesting No Frills to browse and shop. Thanks for the unique cut of different meat from the independent meat shop at the back of the Supermarket.

Seriously, you will find well packaged exotic cuts: pig nose, tongue, ears, feet, duck everything and more. I still trying to find a good receipt for pig nose or cow penis!

The only complaints I have probably there is never enough cashiers and there is always a long line at check out. And all these signage about Express.. just a little too much!"
"I like the set up of Villa Malaysia better than Restoran Malaysia. 

The interior is not as dark because of the windows on the side. Nicely decorated with booth seatings. There is 1 private room and another dining room/lounge area. 

Quiet when I came in for a late lunch. Services was excellent! My waiter was friendly, attentive! Kept filling up my water glasses without asking.. even after I paid my bills!! (I has 4 glasses.. I was so thirsty after my yoga class) 

Penang Char Kuey Teow ($8.90) Stir fried flat rice noodle with shrimp, eggs, bean sprouts, chives and soy sauce is really good. The flat noodles are so fresh.. which they ordered a whole sheet and cut them broadly. The dish has great complex flavour (shrimp paste/dark soy sauce to give colour/light sauce) a touch of egg ... and the best part is it is NOT oily! I really hate when they have to put it so much oil and there is the oil residue on my lips, the plate and cutley! 

The size is perfect as I finish the whole order and I am happy! 

There are also curries and other noodles you can try in the lunch menu. 

The drinks though interesting but they are all mocktails. The waiter said they are in the process to get their liquor license. How can a LOUNGE not serve Alcohol?? 

They accepts all credit cards!"
"I hope you like Breaded Deep Fried Food. If so, Mr. Tonkatsu is the place for you. 

House baked fresh bread crumbs but I was still think it was a tad too oily and heavy. But we shared:

Karaage Wings ($5.50)
Pork Tenderloin Katsu ($13)

This method of cooking does seal in the juiciness. As the price of the set includes refills of miso soup, rice and cabbage, no one is going to leave here feeling hungry.

A word of warning, since it has an open kitchen concept, the floor is really really slippery from all the deep frying and of course you do smell like kitchen after eating here. Mr Tonkatsu much need A better ventilation system and a major cleaning."
"Manicure and Pedicure is not something I do that often... so I writing a review based on my limited experience.

I saw a road sign when I drove by the last  2 weeks with  special of $35 that includes Manicure/Pedicure and free hand paraffin.

The place is nice and clean. The services is great. The workers are mostly Vietnamese ladies. 

My technician was really attentive and did a good job on both my feet and hands... 

I would definitely pay them a visit again more during the summer months when it is sandal season!"
"With all these Yelp reviews of Lion City Restaurant, we decided to give it a try as one of lunch experience for my ""A Day in Mississauga"". 

Disclaimer: I been to Malaysia/Singapore/Thailand and I am a regular at Gourmet Garden...I am writing this review based on my experience... so it might be bias... but is my own review!

The colourful interior does remind me of South East Asia. Even the older owner/waiter reminds me of the easy and laid back tropical vibe.. where nothing should be rush and eventually you mayl get what you nicely asked for ....


Bak Kut Teh (Herbal Pork Rib Soup) - $6.95
- Not as flavoured as I would have expected, lacking that intense herbal flavour... just saltiness...
- It was so salty that we don't even need the dark soy sauce as condiments

Laksa Lemak (Rice vermicelli in spicy coconut gravy with chicken, shrimps, fish cake & beansprouts) - $7.95
- I enjoyed Lion City's version of Laksa
- the soup base does have an intense coconut taste and more on the sweetness side.. 
- spice level is A-OK.. (as my friend did not complain...) 

Teh Tarik - $3.00 and Grass Jello Drink - $2.50
- Both are standard and A-OK
- I preferred the Teh Tarik more as it is not as commonly available and for $3 it is really reasonably priced

So what's the verdict?

Based on the food we sampled, Lion City Restaurant is A-OK Singaporean/Malaysian restaurant. I definitely recommended to give it a try when you are in the area.... but doesn't worth making a special trip...especially if you live in the Scarborough/Markham area where Gourmet Garden is only 10 or 15 minute drive away!"
"Woody's you are my kind of Burger, you are my kind of man!

Woody's you are a labour of love and sweat!

Woody's put all those gourmet fancy burger to shame!

Woody's you are my desire, the one I daydream of! Step aside 5 guys!
 
Woody's you are smoking wood burning hot!

Woody's your burgers are so deliciously juicy and cooked just pink inside!

Woody's you made me into such a cheap date! your Beef Classic would have satisfy me with your generous choices of free toppings and 1/2 price Mojitos!

Woody's you even have a Patio!! 

Hey! Can someone stop that humming of ""Who Says"" !Ask him to shut up and eat his Coronary Burger! Why is he NOT watching CP24, it was showing inside Woody's!"
"Villa Malaysia has completely changed their menu since the last time I visited. So time for me to do an update. 

I guess they realized they were pricing themselves out of the market, now the prices and selections are much more in line with their sister Restaurant Restoran Malaysia and even cheaper... 

Most of the selections now comes with Rice or Roti... and they are great if you are dining alone..most of them are priced under $10. And there are a lot more non Spicy items on the menu compare to before 

Basil Beef ($9) 
- Rich tasting sauce... Beef was quite tender.. 
- I like the deep fried lotus root that used as garnish 

Sambal Fish ($9) 
- Really really spicy... my boyfriend was choking and turning red just have one piece!! 
- Fish was lightly battered and deep fried finished off with spicy sambal sauce with nicely cooked tomato... 

Lacy Mango Ice Cream ($6) 
- Great portion to share... not bad but doesn't wow me.... 
- Mango ice cream wrap in crepes which is quite light.. and good touch with the fresh mango bits 

Teh Tarik ($5) 
- Really good milk tea, but $5?!! And a small cup.... 
- Smooth and Silky... not too sweet with a hint of spice 
- $5?! 

The atmosphere of Villa Malaysia is so different after they revamped their menu. Family and people of all ages filled the restaurant. 

The service though was excellent, our waiter even asked me if my Sambal Fish is spicy enough and if I need hot sauce... and gave us new glass of fresh ice water without requesting! 

They still have not get their liquor license..but seems like they realized Villa Malaysia will never be a cool Lounge.. they might never going to serve any cocktails here!"
"I just love small, cute Japanese restaurant!! Sushi! 67 really fits the bill.. So small that it is like a takeout place with just 10 seats only if you do want to eat in! 

I walked by the restaurant on a cold, freezing winter afternoon and could not resist not to go in. I was greeted by 5 really energetic young Japanese staffs. in unison.... 

Since Sush! 67 is a ""Fresh Japanese Noodle and Rolls"", I decided to try their Ramen ($6.95) as the menu described as ""Japanese spicy soup touched as house secret spice with green onion, mushroom and onion"". Spicy sounded good? and Ramen on a cold day? 

There are 4 kitchen staffs working in the open kitchen 5 feet away from me, they were all busy doing preparation and the nice waitress so smiley and nice too. 

hmmm Ramen arrived with a garlic bread..?? I guess this is a fusion place! The ramen itself was a little disappointed.. I DON'T eat instant noodle, the noodle definitely are from packaged noodle.. lucky they did not use the little packaged soup inside to make the broth.. The broth is really good though with a really nice and delicate flavour with just a little hint of spiciness.. 

The nice waitress remind me next time to call and will get 15% off for takeout order. 

I wondering how the fusion sushi and Japanese appetizers will taste like??"
"I came to Rua Vang try the Pho based on the reviews of all your fellow yelpers. It is also convenient for me because it is right across from Yoga Space so I dropped by after one of my yoga class.

It was a rainny Monday night when I was there. The place was still quite busy.

 I orded the Large Pho with Raw Beef. Usually I order small size but the price difference here is only 50 cents. I am glad that I order the large.. because the large is like a small in other places I been too. 

My noodle was ready so fast! It appeared on my table within 1 minute after I ordered!! Gee.. This is faster than eating at Fast food place. The soup was nice and hot.. with tons of green onions. 2 to 3 times more than any other places I been to. 

I would go back to eat at Rua Vang again... But I might have to order the XL size  (XL I sounded like a pig!) or something else on the side. But the Large size is good as a snack.

CASH only"
"3 Star for products/services + 0.5 Star for dog friendly

I have been browsing Vistek's website for the longest time but never made a purchase till I went to their ProFusion Expo 2017 at Metro Convention Centre.

It was well organized with a lot of vendors and demos. Love all the hands on and able to try a lot of the new products.The only criticism was the checkout lines was really long and the lens I wanted was not even in stock.

After I placed my order, I got a call in a week that my lens is ready for either pick up or free shipping. I opted to go visit the actual store.

Free Parking is always a plus (+0.5 star)

Right when I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly lady that walked me up to the 3rd floor and made sure that one of the staff get my lens from the hold area. She even asked me how I enjoyed their ProFusion show and remind me about their Black Friday sale next week. I did feel like a VIP.

I hope that my repeat visit would be as good in the future. I doubt I would be spending $$$$ but I would look for some good deals to grow my collection of equipment. (I do need more bags!?)"
"I could not help but frown when I walked into Service Ontario.... 

There were at least 6 people in front of me........and I hate waiting in line........ the exception maybe for food....and the food better be excellent!!

This location allows me to renew Health Card, Driver Licences, Vehicle Registrations.. I still remembered that time that I have to go to a Ministry of Health office in order to renew my Health Card!!

To my surprise, the line was moving really fast!! The staffs at the counters are so efficient in handling all the transactions and I had everything done in 15 minute or so!!"
"I love Spicy and I love Noodle.

Hey Noodles just opens at Midland and McNicoll right next to Jim Chai Kee. 

The interior decor is nice and trendy. Clean as it is still new. 

Menu is simple with a choice of noodle or rice bowls. You can pick how spicy it is (or non spicy at all) plus the chewiness of noodle (soft or hard). And the best thing is Free additional noodles if you are a bigger eater.

Beef Sirloin Noodle Extra Numb ($10.95) 
The beef is of good quality and tender!! The noodles has a good bite. And yes it was spicy....... 

Since most of the spiciness is by adding chili oil so it can be quite oily. (Pro Tip: Don't play with your phone while eating!!)

During lunch hour, it took quite awhile for the food to be ready (+15 minute), I hope you have a long lunch break.

Cash and Debit!"
"Eskimo Tea House & Dessert does have a nice set up as a place to hang out with friends and chit chat. 

Don't even bother with the dessert at Eskimo! We ordered this Fresh Fruit Waffle ($6.99) one of the worse I had! The waffles are so salty! Is i a dessert? The ice cream is the cheap artificial taste type and the fruits has this funny taste and definitely not ""fresh""! 

My Taro Milk Tea ($3.99) is not bad... but I definitely won't be coming here because of the drinks, only if I want to chill out/play some board games and get some work done over the internet."
"2.5 Star for lunch Experience which offers Chicken/Fish Teriyaki with a side of seafood for $10.95

We were here on Saturday around 2:00 pm for a late lunch. The restaurant was not too busy and we were seated promptly and was given a cup of room temperature water in plastic cup. (suggestion: maybe some iced water would be better?)

Chicken Teriyaki with Captain Boil Sauce Medium Spicy 
- The chicken was tender and flavourful
- The hot plate was sizzling hot when served 

Fish Teriyaki with Lemon Garlic Sauce Fire Spicy
- The hot plate was warm with no sizzle at all! 
- The fish was mushy and more batter than fish
- The sauce was lurk warm and the seafood was not really cooked through, especially for the clams and mussels which has this mushy texture

The 2 craw fish on each of the order were probably the worse. The tail meat was tasteless and mushy. We ended up just have one bite and left the rest untouched.

Maybe the side seafood would have tasted better if it was served/prepared in one of the bags instead of just putting them on the hot plate and served with sauce on top? At least they would be hot instead of warm?

I would not recommend the hot plate special! Serving those the way it was really not really represent the real seafood boil experience! Ordering something from the actual menu probably would be the best bet.

My first ever Captain Boil's experience was a disappointment. Maybe I should not have order those specials.."
"Curry Fish Balls! Fake Shark Fin Soup! Minced Fish in Soup! 

Street Snacks and Comfort Food for a lot of people that growing up in Hong Kong.

Fish Ball Place is located inside Heritage Place at Pacific Mall.

Fish Ball $1.50 a skewer came with 5 fish balls was A-OK! You have a choice of spicy or non spicy version. Not as good as what I had when I was younger... but I found food tasted better in memories..."
"I think I would have enjoy Initium more if I am here for a hair cut and enjoying a latte.

Arriving here around 3 pm on a weekday and the salon was busy with patrons. I can hear the hairdryer going. The customers/hairdresser chit chat. The smell of the chemicals...

Matcha Latte was ok with a cute Pikachu stencil art. Quite pricey at $5.45 for the experience.

Mabybe coming here when the salon is closed for the day, the experience might be totally different."
"3.5 Star

Just love local breweries..... So I love Junction brewery. A little out of the way from the main business area, but definitely worth your while to drop by to pay a visit!

Tasting room: You can try everything on taps for less than $2 for a 5 oz 
- Extra Pale Ale, English Brown Ale, Warrior Pale Ale, Grand Truck Bitter, Stationmaster's Stout and Unfiltered Shacklands Pale Ale

Retail store: Growlers to go... from $12 and up

Friendly staffs: really laidback vibe.. like someone's basement or garage!

Please check the opening hours since they are limited. (Thursday/Friday 4-8 pm)

If not, their conductor's beer is readily available in some area bars."
"Kiru Sushi is newly opened Sushi place at Garden Basket Plaza which is located right across from Ai Sushi. They took over a AYCE Japanese restaurant so the new owner just moved in without the need for any renovation. 

The proximity to Ai Sushi and competitive pricing of course leads to comparison.

Should I just pick up my platter from Ai or from Kiru?
- Ai probably win if you have their VIP card since it offers 10% off
- Kiru has more parking but the lot can be crazily busy too
- I suggest to call ahead for pick up as Kiru only have 1 sushi chef at the counter VS 4 at Ai
- But the end of the day, it is the quality and variety. Ai though over sauced their rolls but has much better variety. Kiru has much better shari rice, nice and bouncy but the rolls lack varieties in taste

Since the set up at Kiru is more like a restaurant VS pick up take out place, you can full table service and eating from real utensils.
 
Kiru is new and still have room for improvement. Welcome to the neighbourhood!"
"I am a little confused.

Yu Garden 南翔 is specialized in Shanghainese cuisine. Think soup filled dumplings which it is famous for.

I had been to one of the originall franchise in Singapore http://www.yelp.ca/biz/nanxiang-steamed-bun-singapore so I had tried their famous King Size Crab Roe Dumpling bun.

Is Yu Garden the same franchise as Nan Xiang Steamed Bun which originated from Shanghai? I will need further investigation. But I will just rate my experience based on food.

Pork and Crab Meat Dumplings  ($4) was tasty. I love the fried dried shredded scallop on top. Nice flavour. The wrapping though a little thick (good in a way that the soup would not leak out from the dumplings)

Spicy Meat Sauce Noodle ($6) was meh. Dice stewed pork, dried bean curd, potato with noodle in soup. I did not finish my noodle... 

Decor is classy and nice.

Servers speaks a mix of Cantonese, Mandarin and English. Menu beautiful prepared with photos. Ordering would not be an issue.

I would be back and try out other items on the menu especially the Crab Roe Steamed Bun that one would need a big straw to drink the soup."
"Have you been to some of those fashion jewellery stores on Queen Street? Have you ever wondering those jewellery: necklaces, earrings, bracelets are so nice but pricey? Do you think you can make yourself something more unique? Do you have great creativity?

Bead Junction is the place to go to shop for gemstones, Swarovski crystals, Japanese and Czech glass.. you name it, they carries it! 

Not only they sell the supplies, they too offer classes.. or you just too lazy to create, they do sell kits too...

What should I make for my dear friends now?"
"Pickering Central Library is located right across the street from Pickering Town Centre. 

When you enter the library there is this really big modern self check out area.. when you walk in more you see those big Apple Monitors.. those are for the special audio and visual applications and of course tons of computer stations for Internet connections (Pickering library cards required!) 

I found the WIFI connection though complimentary is one of the most problematic ones I encountered compared to other libraries.. I have problem access to the Yelp Log in!! That is a NO NO! :P 

Make sure you allow pop ups for the main log in web page, if not you will have to log in every 450 sec... if you have allow the pop up, then the browser would have refresh itself automatically. 

I have to comment on the Magazine collections here.. The latest issues are all available for your reading pleasure (over 50 varieties). One of the best I encountered in all the libraries I been to. 

There are no dedicate seatings for laptop users but there are 3 round tables at the back of the library that has tons of outlets and overlooking the parking lot."
"A new LCBO just opened up at York Mills Gardens, Corner of Leslie and York Mills.

Really well stocked with VQA and Beers since the store has a WOW (World of Ontario Wines) and even a Beer Ambassador.

Huge Walk in Beer Cooler room, I do suggest to wear a jacket if you going to spend more than 5 minute inside there.. since it is just as cold as my fridge!

Surprisingly, I couldn't find any Sakes in stock here aside from Soju. Hopefully, they might have some in the future.

Parking can be a problem as it is right next to Longos, just be really careful with all these nice huge cars and SUVs trying to back out from their spots!"
"All these posters of pasture and logos about locally raised in Caledon, Ontario, 100% Angus Beef with no added growth hormones caught my eyes when I stepped inside Shane Baghai Paradise Farms Cafe.

Of course when the cashier asked what I want, I ordered then 6oz Angus Burger ($6.95) with a side of Homemade Buttermilk battered Onion Rings ($3.50).

I almost finished half of my Root beer before my order is ready. I do understand that it is cook when order, so don't come here and expect a quick lunch.

Free Toppings are quite unique with my favourite being Sauteed Fresh Mushroom, House Salsa,  Paradise House Guacamole, Caramelized Glazed Onion, extra Jalapeno pepper and I made myself a Mexican burger!

My burger was cooked medium with pink inside without asking, maybe it is standard.. so if you like your cooked to well done, please make sure you requested that. I personally find it is not too bad, but the patty is a little bland, a little mushy... and I was a little disappointed.

The onion ring I definitely won't order that again... for the price I paid I got 4 rings...and they weren't hot  anymore by the time I am eating them because my burger took so long to be cooked!

The set up of the cafe though is really nice. There are huge windows to look at on the busy traffic on Sheppard Avenue.  The patio has both shaded and sunny area too... but can be quite dusty from the exhaust systems from all the cars driving along Sheppard.

Free Parking at the back of the cafe, great if you are driving."
"3.5 star

Elle M'a Dit  was the last stop of the night for our Baldwin Street Crawl. Dessert please!! 

Elle M'a Dit specialized in Alastian (Franco-German fusion of Northeastern France) Cuisine, so does that reflect in their desserts too?

Decisions..Decisions...... as I want to try everything as usual:

My Yelp Friend's dessert (is my dessert too!) - MEH
Apple Tarte Flambee (Sliced apple, cinnamon sugar, cinnamon fromage blanc) $7
- Thinly sliced apples on top of a thin dough with a touch of cinnamon 
-  This is one of those rare time I wish my dessert is sweeter and more buttery...aren't desserts suppose to be sinfully good? This verison just a tack too healthy for my taste!

My dessert (is my dessert too!) - LOVE IT!
Blueberry & Lemon (Blueberry corn bread, Lemon curd, Mixed berry frozen yogurt, candied ginger) $9
- I highly recommend this!! Talking about a journey for the taste buds and senses...
- the warm and textured corn bread, the zesty lemon curd, sourness of berry yogurt and the tanginess of candied ginger

Elle M'a Dit's deco is rustic and homey... I really feel like I am having a night cap over at my friend's house?! BTW, if you are serving Blueberry & Lemon at your place, I wouldl be over every weekend!!"
"Dropped by Shanghai Dim Sum for lunch on a late weekday afternoon. This place is packed! We have to wait for a table.. This restaurant is busy because it is relatively small....

They do have a lot of table for 2.. yes small tables in good location in the restaurant so it would be a good place if you eating alone. At least you will not be stuck at the back or near the washroom!

The prices they charge here is relatively high in line with Asian Legends when compare to area restaurants remember it is Scarborough! 

There are a lot of dim sum items we want to try but we decided on:

 - Pan Fried Pork Buns ($4.99)
They are quite good, freshly made with meat juice inside
- Special Roy Dumplings ($4.99)
Though only have 3 dumplings per order, they are so good and delicious. You have to try to suck up all the juice before taking a bite, if not they will explode everywhere!
- Chunk Beef Noodles Soup ($6.99)
It is ok. The noodles though lack the chew to it. The beef is nice and tender though, if they have put in a few veggies, it will be perfect!
- Hot & Sour Soup S ($3.99) requested extra spicy
Based on previous yelper's  recommendation, we ordered it extra spicy. The ingredients are quite interesting with pig skin? First time I have pig skin in hot and sour soup
- Pan Fried Green Onion Pancake ($3.99)
A little pricey... not as crispy as Asian Legends though the taste of green onion is more intense! 
- Speicial Old Shanghai Mango Bun ($4.99)
My coworkers really enjoyed that as both was commenting on how good texture wise the buns are, and the filling has just a little hint of sweetness and great mango taste. 

Since there is no lunch specials.. This lunch turned out more than my usual lunch. 

Will I be back?? Yes probably to eat that Special Royal Dumplings... but with the price I am paying there are so many other choices of great lunch spot. And if I have to wait for a table? That is really out of the question!

They accepts Visa and Debit only, but I know they prefer Cash.."
"I don't really have high expectation for Hong Kong Style Cafe as I just want something fast, affordable and a menu with varieties. 

Kitchen M is definitely a good addition to the neighbourhood. I was a little overwhelmed by the menu and all the all day set options. What to eat? What should I order? What is good?

The food here is not amazing but will do the job if you are in the area. Service is fast and friendly.

陳皮鴨腿湯麵+油菜 ($9.95) Duck Leg Noodle with Side Veggie comes with a choice of drink was quite decent. The duck was tender and soft. Their milk tea was also quite good.

I will be back to try out other items."
"3.5 

La Distilerie No. 1 has nice casual University vibe. If that's what you looking for, this is the perfect venue. Drink is priced reasonably at around $10. I do like they do have a lot of options and the menu is really detailed and descriptive. 

A lot of juice based drinks in large format. I can't imagine downing one of those 1 Litre drink, I cannot even drink 1 L of water in one setting! 

Self served water bar is pretty cool! At least you can stayed hydrated through the evening.

The place did get pretty loud with music even on a weeknight.

Great as a pit stop during a bar crawl with its location. But if you want a more crafted cocktail or  upscale experience, it might not be the one.

Servers are friendly and upbeat."
"Update already? What had changed in a week's time?

Came back again with Lauren M and Chad M (the M & M?) for lunch. Same restaurant, same waitress, same lunch special order but a different Chef...

If I didn't have that Chirashi lunch last week, I would still be happy with what I got this time, but what a big difference!

Presentation was not as good. I know it is just a $13 Chirashi but one of the most important factor in Japanese cuisine is the presentation. This time my lunch is no longer a piece of art... more like just have all the fish dumped together on a plate and ask me to eat it.

Quality was not as good as the fish was not cut as well. I got the same kind of fish but just not done as well as last time.

Before I leave, I show the chef the photo I took of the Chirashi I had last week. Maybe I expecting too much? But I guess I was too spoiled last time and I just want a repeat experience!

I'll be back for Chirashi again, soon! I hope the 3rd time will be a charm..."
"Mike, I am so Sorry! I don't think it will work out for us and there is not going to be a second date ever!

Your BBQ Pork and Roasted Duck with Rice ($5) was one of the worse Chinese BBQ I had! I know, it is just suppose to be a cheap date, I am expecting too much for $5 tax in lunch date  that includes a daily soup and you even throw in some tofu....

The rice was not hot... it was not cooked freshly!
BBQ Pork was like this orange colour with no taste at all!
The gravy on top was like a mushy filmed formed on top of pork and duck!

BTW, you are also such a bad dresser in need of a bath! Sticky floors, dirty tables....

I took off in the middle of our date, not because I have an emergency! I just can't do it!!

Bye! 

Please don't text, email or bbm me EVER!"
"Calgary Farmers Market is a fun place to browse around and pick up some local produces and even have a bite.

A year round indoor market which is a plus during the wintery months. Opens 4 days a week! So convenient compares to some of the farmer's market that only opens on Saturday morning only!

You can find bakeries (for humans and pets), farm fresh produces, coffee roastery and more! They also have food area with nice seating if you want to order some food from different vendors.

Worth a visit!"
"Finch Subway Station is the hub of a lot of suburbs transportation. Most of the time, you can catch a regional buses up to RIchmond Hill, Thornhill, Markham and a lot of Go buses stops here too. 

Parking is free on weekends and after 3 pm on weekdays, if not ready to pay $5 for the privileges of parking here. I found the lot here really busy and since it is open so your car will be subject to the natural elements. I hate to come back from commuting and found my car buried in snow... hey I might not even find my car since they all looks white! 

Being the first station on the Yonge subway line, I always able to secure a seat... so ended up I always take a power nap... and I did miss my station in more than one occasion. 

When I staying out late, I would rather park here since there's a 24 hours bus running from downtown to Finch and at least I know I can get home even after last call!!"
"I am so glad I made a repeat visit to Lion City Restaurant and able to try out quite a few more dishes with a few of my fellow yelpers!

Mango Salad - $7
- sweet and sour with chunks of peanuts!

Oh Luak (Oyster Omelette) - $12.95
- A local Singaporean version with this really gooey sticky texture

Hainanese Chicken Rice - $7.95
- Chicken oil rice is the star and the sweet dark soy sauce make this perfect!

Blanchan Kang Kong - $9.95
- cooked perfectly with great bite, but a little light in blanchan!

Hokkien Mee - $7.95
- I never a fan of Hokkien Mee... but my dinner mates really enjoy that.. 

Beef Rendang - $9.95
- One of the best Beef Rendang I had! Soft, tender, moist and full of flavours! I definitely think this is the best dish of the night! The roti though disappointing hard and bread like...

Dessert!! The Best part of the meal!
Ice Kachang - $4.50
Sago Gula Melaka - $4
Pineapple Pastry and steamed pudding
I enjoyed all the dessert! Especially the Sago Gula Melaka (Sago pearls with palm sugar and coconut milk!)

Extra 0.5 star is to the homemade sambal sauce! Complex in flavours and has a great punch! Making everything so tasty!

Thanks for an enjoyable dinner and kind hospitality of Lion City! I can't wait to try their chili crab next time!

Services still lacking...  but the food experience is so much better this time round!"
"In The Spirit Yoga Studio is a great neighbourhood yoga studio if you do live in the area.

All the staffs, instructors and even the students are all friendly and nice... You will get to know some friends really soon if you becomes a regular. This helps especially with the spacious and nicely decorated lounge area where you can have a cup of tea/coffee or even a glass of wine after the class and just chit chat!

The practice room though is really small... can fit 10 yoga mats (remind me of having a class in my own basement, since there is not windows). With the small class size, you do get a lot of personal attentions....which is always great for any yoga practice.

The therapeutic class I attended was just perfect for me as the instructor concentrated on and isolated movement mainly on the shoulder area. Wish the class is a little longer... 60 minute is just too short! 

If you want to experience a more personal and laid back yoga studio, In The Spirit might be perfect for you. 

BTW, they also serves food and wine since it is also a Wine Lounge... Yoga and Wine... maybe I just found my Bliss..."
"How did I end up in Jetsun's Juicy Burger?? Since I don't know where to go for dinner so I decided to: 

Get off North York Centre Subway Station... and go up to ground level, exit turn right..and just go in the first restaurant... 

Should I be glad that I am not eating at a ""House of Chen's"" Canadian Chinese restaurants? or I might be eating at a dark seedy place full of interesting characters? But I am at Yonge/Finch not Jane/Finch... 

I was trying to kill my Yelp friend with Cadillac Burger with bacon and cheese... and myself with a Mini Juicy Burger which they were out and I was upgraded for free with a regular burger.. Maybe they want to kill me too? 

Untrained staffs were slow and kept messing up everyone orders..and took forever to even start cooking my order!  They asked me 3 times what I ordered... I should have told them something different every time to mess them up more! CP24 was on......... CP24 keeping some people entertained while I giving nasty looks to those staffs...

The patties were cooked with a hint of pink inside... not really usual at other burger joints I been to.... the toppings were kind of boring and standard.. I expect more gourmet toppings with the prices Jetsun's are charging! 

I don't like the buns, I don't like the toppings, I don't think I like Jetsun's.. 


Now next time, I will say turn LEFT and go in the third restaurant and wondering what it would be?"
"2.5 Star

Starting from January 01, 2012, Parking no longer free on weekday after 3 pm...

As my Yelp Friend was wondering why the gate was not opened on a weekday evening, if you put in $2, then you can park here.

Booooooo"
"This is the first visit to this Starbucks' location since the renovation. I am just pleasantly surprised!

The new Clover Machine in the house with Starbucks Reserve. 

Super friendly and efficient staff. I was using my ""Rewards"" was encourage to get a Venti instead of a Tall. More coffee the better!

Nicaragua Monimbo was not my first choice but they ran out of Jamaican Blue Mountain. But it was just as the taste profile: Balanced, Sweet and Fruity! PS I prefer the Clover made here compares to the other Sheppard/Birchmount Location.

Pro Tip: You can request the regular roast as pour over! They will freshly ground the beans and made it immediately for you. The wait time will be 5 minute extra though."
"Why I like Italian food?? I love tomatoes, pasta in any form, seafood... and meat sauce! 

Paul's Spaghetti simple and down to earth menu satisfied all my cravings. The interior is rustic Tuscany feel.. wooden table, non matching dining chairs.. dimmed romantic candlelight (really suck if you trying to take photos of anything!) 

Sweet lovely pretty smiley Asian waitress... with cute smile and twinkle in her eyes.. does make my friend wants to order from her (or take her order) instead of me... 

Grilled Calamari 
- oh so tender... forget Calamari is high in cholesterol! just enjoy that! I am not too crazy about the sauce.. but my dinner mate was soaking up the sauce with the bread. 

Paul's Favourite Spaghetti (meat sauce) with house salad
- There are definitely more sauce than the pasta! And me as a pasta person was eating the pasta more than with tons of sauce left. The sauce must be really good because my dinner mate was just spooning up all the sauce and eat it as it is...Wish the pasta is fresh instead of the dried version. But with that price of $15 with such a big portion and load of beef in the sauce.. it is understandable! 

Seafood Risotto with house salad
- We went WOW..with all the mussels yes almost 2 dozen of them! The mussel are nice and fresh... I love PEI mussels... I found the Risotto is so salty!! I just could not handle that... so I just ate all the seafood instead. 

I found Paul's Spaghetti does serves really good Italian food and in a more homey environment! The portion is huge and is great for value oriented person like me! 

However I found most of the sauces are a little too salty for my taste.. maybe I can request less salt next time?"
"Toronto Coach Terminal is in a really convenient location in Toronto Downtown. Walking distance to Dundas and St Patrick Station.. close to Eaton Centre and close to numerous restaurants and so close to Starbucks too!!

The lines can get a little confusing and especially if you are taking a bus down to NYC.. make sure you queue up as soon as you get there... I arrived 1 hour before my scheduled ride and there were over 20 people in front of me!!

I am surprise to find the terminal itself is quite organize and clean (I never got a chance to use the washrooms)... not as sketchy compares to some of the ones I been to!!"
"I have no patient! I am not a good golfer!

 I sometimes drive my golfing buddies and group playing right behind me crazy... But I love to come to Bushwood whenever my friend ask me for play a round.

The 9 hole executive course at Bushwood is just perfect for me!! My friend can still keep her insanity and we still friend after a round of playing. 

The grounds are well kept and the fairways and greens always in good condition. (gee I cannot blame the course for all those boogies!!)

I usually go during morning have a quick game then we go for lunch, perfect girl's ""day"" out!!  

BTW, Bushwood also has another 18-hole Championship Course, maybe I should give it a try next season after more practice!

."
"Guy's Night out? Looking for Flavoured Soju around Yonge and Finch area.. that tasted like Kool Aid?? Can I said it feels like a Girl's Night Out?

When I walked into Soho.. I saw these ghetto like atmosphere with dirty dishes everywhere... a patron OD on something... I almost suggested let's go somewhere else till I heard noises of guy drinkings upstairs.. the connection..........

Sofas - that makes you feel like you at home... 
Lighting - dim and soft lighting put Wayne C into this relaxing chill out mood... 
Treats -  Karl R just almost finished the whole plate even before our drinks arrived.. Luckily I took a photo, if not I did not even realize what's in it!
Soju ($10) - Yogurt/Strawberry/Mango which we all enjoyed.. (wish I can try the other 3 flavours before we cut Karl R off!)

Soju Soju Soju! I love Soju! 

And Soho is a great Koren watering hole for a Girl/Guy's Night out!! 

Bottom ups!"
"We came here for dinner: 5 adults and 2 toddlers and I have to thanks the staff being so accommodating!

We ordered a combo including PBS hot pot, Seafood Pancake, Bossam and Makgeoli. And of course some jumbo dumplings!

The food here is tasty and authentic Korean. If you enjoy traditional Korean cuisine, you won't be disappointed."
"Dropped by on a Saturday lunch to pick up food for my friends. Food was ordered 20 minutes prior my arrival. I did not expect the order to be available right away, but I waited another 40 minutes before my order was ready.

I did ask the staff when would my order be ready, she said 10 minute since the kitchen was working on the last item. She should have told me at least another half a hour since the kitchen was behind with some catering takeout order.

Quite frustrating when the staff not communicate with the customers and let us wait like idiots. If it takes 30 minute plus, or you missed the original order, just let us know."
"Maybe I came here with high expectation after reading all these 4 and 5 star reviews?! 

I would recommend Ann's Congee as a solid takeout place for some decent Chinese food in the area. Love the huge menu and the selection they offers. But the ""restaurant"" itself is really small. I would not suggest dining in especially if you are a group of more than 4 people. I do prefer Cantonese food serves right from the wok to the table as wok hay is really important.

Chicken Congee ($5.50) was quite good. 

They also have lunch combo that you can order from chalkboard in the restaurant.

Ann the owner is really nice. Her friendliness give this place a really homey feel."
"Kiva's Bagel Bakery and Restaurant really have 2 set of doors... one leading to the bakery itself... the other to the restaurant itself.

I am surprise when this location suppose to be new... since the deco is plain and feels dated.

I would just suggest to just get the bagel and run and go home and do whatever with it... I was in shock when my Pumpernickel Bagel toasted with cream cheese cost $4.99!! While a twisted bagel cost $1.... 

To be fair, the bagel tasted mighty good!! just crispy outside and chewy inside... and loaded with really light cream cheese. Carb Heaven!!

The sweet selections are really interesting too... Alfajores looks tempting and delicious and mighty sugar which I will try it next time when I visit!!"
"This No Frills is not my usual and favorite location. 

Not a store which I describe as enjoyable to shop as customers here seemed to be all in a high stress level. The sole purpose was to grab as many as you can up to the limit of discounted special of the week.

It was a mob scene. The whole family with 4 + members each getting 4 bags of rice. People pushing each other because the quantity was limited.

For a banner grocery store under Loblaws, I found this location is not as clean.

A pass for me unless I really need something?"
"Sam James Coffee Bar is awesome! A great first stop to start off our Koffee Krawl! 

Since most of our RSVPed Yelpers decided to slept in.. only 5 of us travelling all the way from uptown made it to this first stop. SJCB though small and have limited seatings, we able to park ourselves in the corner and enjoy our first cup of coffee! 

Love the big windows overlooking Harbord Street... feels like that time just stop at this moment.. sipping great coffee with my fellow yelpers! 

SJCB limited seatings does give it a different vibe compares to Linuxcaffe just more like a neighbourhood in and out coffee stop, instead of a place where people study... (should they be doing that in a library?) 

My cappuccino was A-OK!! I have to say one of the best of the day... strong, nutter and have a nice after taste.... size is smaller but it is cheaper too! 

Thanks Karl R for getting me my first cappuccino of the day!"
"3.5 Star

Brown Sugar Dirty Oolong Latte  丸三脏脏乌龙拿铁 is tasty but if you are not really into sweet drinks maybe you should pick something else. This is one of the few drinks that have fixed sugar level. 

I love the idea of OneZo makes their Tapioca fresh in house. Their tapioca has a soft texture less bouncy but still good. I have yet to try the different flavours though there was supposed to be 3 different kinds in my drink. But when the drink itself is strong, it covered up all the flavours of Tapioca anyway.

Aside from the ""Dirty"" series, none of the drinks comes with tapioca so that's would be $1.20 extra for that privileges.

I would give other drinks with the more flavoured tapioca a try next time and hopefully those would wow me!"
"Sometimes car shopping can be fun if you able to deal with a sale person that is passionate, courteous and patient.

Love how the sale representative we deal with was so knowledgeable about the products and able to answer all our concern without being pushy.

Even if I ended up not getting a Nissan but would definitely recommend this dealership to my friends when they looking for one!"
"Friendly staff and eager to help even on a busy Victoria Day afternoon.

Strawberries are in season and who can resist those mega size strawsberries dipped in dark chocolate.

Ended up picking something on sale. There are also various 20% off products.

I could eat these all day!"
"3.5 Star

Ding Tai Fung has no relationship to Taiwan's Din Tai Fung. 

This used to be Xiao Long Bao https://www.yelp.ca/biz/xiao-long-bao-toronto which is really the sister restaurant of Ding Tai Fung  https://www.yelp.ca/biz/ding-tai-fung-markham-3 in Markham. Everything including menu and owner/staff but just a change of name.

I like this location better as it is more spacious and with plenty of parking. Food wise I found it comparable to their original location. Must order of course is Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings).

A decent place for some Shanghainese dim sum in Scarborough. I have been coming here frequently since it opened and would continue coming for an enjoyable dining experience."
"Me: Can I have a Coffee please? 
Girl: Sure... 
(Me logging in on WIFI network.....) 
Girl: Sorry we out of Coffee.... 
Me: You guys don't have ANY brewed Coffee?!!! 
Girl: ................................. Can I comp you a free Americano instead? 

I really can't imagine a Starbucks can be out of any brewed coffee: Pike Place, Bold of the Day and Decaff!! Maybe it was my lucky day?? 

This Starbucks has 2 levels and plenty of seating and even a couple of tables set up in front of the store. 

Lovely armchairs with access to electric outlets and my free americano made me a happy camper!"
"This Cups location used to be my to go place for Korean Shaved Ice until they opens up in First Markham Place.

With minimum seating, you could see patrons doing musical chairs and shifting all the tables around trying to fit everyone in. Don't ever come with a big group especially on weekend! 

Bingsu!! Injeolmi always my favourite but I am open to share any flavours! 

Since it takes awhile in prepping your beautifully layered and picture perfect bingsu, I said the average wait time would be at least 15 minute even when this place is not too busy.

So light! So fluffy! 

It is well worth the wait!"
"Love the back patio at HotBlack Coffee. It just feels like an oasis and hidden secret place in the hood.

Coffee was A-OK. 

For the wintery and rainy days, with no access of the back patio, I probably would feel quite clammed with the limited seating options indoors.

I don't need free wifi and with HotBlack Coffee not providing that might give me a better chance to find a place to sit down and enjoy my coffee during busy hours."
"I love the concept of Element Hotel. A home away from home. 

A full size fridge for my beers and wine. I can even cook a full meal right here with all the necessary utensils. 

I also love the amenities: a saltwater pool, an exercise room, free continental breakfast, social hour and free coffee/tea station. And during summer, there is also 3 bbq I can grill my meat.

Our studio room with 2 Queen beds can be a little tight in space. For long term of stay, I would suggest an one bedroom instead.

Staff here is friendly and efficient. I enjoyed my stay in here!"
"An independent family owned sub sandwich store?!

A foot long daily special starting from $5.40?!

Chubby's Subs delivers probably the best bang for the money. I suggest going for their Chicken Sub Special for $6.40 with is made from real chicken breast and not the processed variety.

Toppings and sauces selection is as good as any chain subway joint. I love the option of able to have my sub pressed into a panini.

At a big strip plaza and you probably cannot see the storefront when you drive by Morningside."
"I will always remember El Pulgarcito! 

This is where I have my first experience with: 
- Salvadorean food 
- Pupusas ($2)
- Tamarind soft drink ($2)
- Yuca Fritta Chicharron ($8.50)

I have to say I have an enjoyable experience... and find them all quite tasty.. since I have nothing to reference to and the food on it own were A-OK. 

I could not comment on Tamales de Pollo ($4) since being a nice Yelper, I divided it up in equal portions and ended up mine have no Chicken at all but just dough.. which I cannot really comment on... 

The Chicharron is deep fried fatty pork.. quite crunchy and I can believe that it will go well with a beer... but not really my usual diet.. and I don't think I will be eating that too often! The Yuca Fritta though oh that is tasty.. really lightly battered and have a great light taste! 

The owner server though a big guy, he is so nice and soft spoken... and have nice handwriting... the receipt was printed in perfect small handwriting! Much better than mine.. which I tease him then he turned red! :) 

The hot sauce on the table tasted great! Especially that green one... but I wondering why none of the items on the menu are spicy hot but then there are 2 different kind of hot sauces for you to add on?? Just wondering....."
"Ground Level Cafe's barista is the nicest barista I encountered using my Indie Coffee Passport. If just for him, I would have give them a 5 star... 

On a cold winter afternoon, the shop was half empty.. so I can sit where ever I like... either at those nice comfy sofas/armchairs at the back or in the wicker chairs in the front overlooking Queen street under the sunshine... 

I was surprise when my cappuccino was served in a paper cup?!! I asked the nice guy why not in a mug? I cannot drink from a paper cup that is hot to touch (I have history of spilling hot drinks all over myself or my friends)..I need a mug!!!! Sorry.. they don't have MUGS!! 

The cappuccino itself is quite good... the roast was a little weak to my liking but the froth was dense and milky... 

Note to Management: "" Please have some mugs!!"" and I don't care how environmentally your paper cups are!!!"
"Now I am confirmed that I love Pubs.. but I cannot stand Pub's food.

Overdraught Irish Pub is a nice place to hang out and have a drink or 2 or 3 or 4 with your friends especially if they are doing a special on drinks. The Black and Tan ($7.20) is nice and smooth and poured the way it suppose to be. But I would not have know when the inside of this Pub was really dark (yes important for a pub as drunk folks want to be hidden and rip in the dark) , and my drink was dark too...

Guinness Steak and Mushroom Pie ($14) is dark too and so damn salty!! I think the reason is the more salty your food is, the more beer you need to drink?? Good that I ate some Ramen before coming here.

Please tell your friend not to pick the table right by the door where the guitar playing singer going to sing. But if you just want to not hear what your friend's conservations those maybe the perfect seats.

They do have daily specials, check their website...

BTW, why are the men working here not wearing kilts showing off their assets??"
"I am still looking for a Starbucks inside a Chapters that at least makes me feel at home..... 

The seating here are for sure awkward.. all these table for 2 kind of facing the magazine aisle of Chapters.. Why would one want to drink coffee and look at the racks of racks of magazine and not like you reading them? 

No outlets for laptop aside in the area of the armchairs... so basically you are fighting for prime seating! People that want to sit in the comfy chairs and people want to have access with the electric outlets!! 

The coffee and the rice crisp treats were both A-OK though... 

If you want to come here this Starbucks to study or work on your assignments, I definitely suggest you go to another location!"
"Good Place for Afternoon Tea and Late Night Meals..

Now the afternoon tea hour starts from Mon-Fri 2 - 5:30 PM and weekend/holidays from 2:30 pm. You can either order from their special menu or you get Happy Hour 10% from their regular menu.
Late Night Special is Every night from 9:30 PM to Midnight!

I was a little disappointed that they don't have any lunch special. I guess the place was pretty busy when I dropped by for lunch and there's no need for any promotion.

The services was prompt and friendly. The food is ok... not really good or not really bad. I did like my beef rice noodle roll but I basically love any rice noodle roll if they are freshly made :) and of course a lot of hot chilli sauce help!

I would definitely recommend this place especially if you going during the special menu...

I would be back during the late evening and try out their other dishes!!

CASH only!"
"Came in for some cake slices on the Coldest Day in November. The store was not busy and the wait was minimum to cash out.

For $4+ a slice, I do expected something better!

I hope you like sponge cake. 
- Chestnut Shortcake ($4.13)
- Passion Fruit Cheesecake ($4.13)
- Mango Passion Mousse ($4.39)

2 out of the 3 has a heavy sponge cake as base. I was just glad I did not get a whole one! 

Some may said good that their dessert cake is not too sweet. But eating a small piece of cake that is not sweet is not really my idea of enjoying my life.

I am happy though a Chinese bakery opens up at Markville Mall and it is good start to have more diverse offerings in a big mall."
"If you are a green thumb and loves herbs/spices, I highly recommend you check out Richter's Herb in early spring!

I am amused and excited to see all the selections during late fall. I just love the aromatic herbs: there are over 10 different types of lavenders/basil/sage/rosemary and more! Sniff Sniff Sniff! So good for the senses!

I already have a vision. A few herb baskets in the garden that I am going to put together when it is warm enough. 

And for the time being, there are dried herbs and spices that available in packages for purchase."
"Yogi Noodle?? Yogi going to Yogi Noodle??

Yogi Noodle has nothing to do with yoga in any shape or form. It is just a HK Style Restaurant.

The selections here is pretty good. And the price is reasonable. They have all day specials or Breakfast or lunch Specials. So you can always order something that has free drink!

The Satay Beef with Noodle is $5.25 that comes with a drink is great choice for lunch. The portion is sizable and I was full after eating that for lunch! You can upgrade your drink to cold drink for 75 cents.

The service is quick and friendly!

Cash only!

Parking can be a problem since there is this big grocery store in the same plaza. I even have problem finding one on a weekday lunch time!"
"Wine, Cocktails or Coffee?!

I love the choice and selection that Boxcar Social offers. I can see myself as the ""designated"" driver enjoying a well crafted coffee along with my friends that are downing/sipping some crafted beers or cocktails!

The seating options here are quite interesting. You can watch the barista/bartender in action if you stay in the front of the cafe. At the back, you will find tables and patio seating. On the 2nd floor, they have a room with some cozy armchairs.

Coffee was good. And love how it opens late."
"This is my first time I ever been to Chat Bar. I know since this is their third location and the other 2 in Markham and Scarborough, how come I never been to any yet???

Chat Bar is great to come with friends not alone. I have been waiting to visit with someone that enjoys spices and meat sticks. I am so glad that finally some one asked me if I want to have a gathering here! I could not miss the opportunity.

The selection here is great. I like all the meat option. I got to try intestines, heart arteries and some others I never would have if not because my friends wanted to order. Seafood: Garlic Clams was so garlicky (a little oily) and I love the squid. Vegetables: Chives and Mushrooms can be so yummy as well.

Warning: Almost everything has a strong seasoning of cumin. So if cumin is not your thing, then you might not enjoy the food here as much.

There is a dive bar vibe with all the darker wood furnishing, dim lighting and music pumping in the background. There are also a second floor with extra seating.

Service was excellent. The staff checked on us regularly. 

They still waiting for their License for Alcohol during my visit. It would have been perfect if we can have a pitcher of beer to wash down all the food."
"Authentic Malaysian Food at an affordable price? 

You need to come and check out One2 Snacks which is located in a small plaza in Scarborough. One2 Snacks is like a takeout place with around 4 seatings, most of the patrons are here for take out!

Nothing on the menu priced more than $5.99..Street snacks costs around $1... and same with their dessert $1 a piece but only offer during the weekend. 

Char Kway Teow ($5.99) includes a bottle of water 
- Stirred Fried Flat and Yellow Noodles with Chicken, Fish Cake and Shrimp 
- A popular street food in Penang, Malaysia which usually prepared in the street stall (hawkers) 
- Yummy.. I have this thing for flat rice noodle, so I am a little bias 
- The bean sprouts and chives were fresh and plentiful 
- Big Portion for the price! 

Grass Jelly Drink ($1.50) 
- What better than having a cold Jelly Drink while eating street food? (ok maybe a beer!) 
- Really light and refreshing with a touch of sweetness 

Roti, satay, crispy crepe, Hainanese chicken and a long list of traditional Malaysian dessert on the menu will ensure that I will be back really really soon to try them all out!! 

And with that price? I don't really need Lunch Specials!! 

Cash only!!"
"Phipps Bakery Cafe has such a nice storefront! 

The staff was really nice and patient when I started to ask her about almost every single baked good they have on display if there is raisins inside.. believing me that I am allergic to raisins...

Double Chocolate Chip $.0.99 
- it is that good!! Crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside....
- it is that good!! My boyfriend who never ever want any cookies was trying to steal that from me!

Chocolate Rugulah $1.99
- A tad too sweet for me, since it was sprinkled with more sugar

For lunch, the self-served hot plate area have great selections of pasta, sandwiches and home made soups... it was quite busy when I was there and I could not find an empty table so I just decide to have some sweets to go!

Next time I want to try some of their baked goods and of course more cookies!! Smarties cookies anyone??"
"FOOD TRUCK!!! Tacos!! 

I am glad that Grumman78 takes credit cards!! I can't imagine street food establishments would take cards, but at this price point... $6 for a taco.. and don't even think about the Foie Gras taco close to $17.. I really need to whip out my credit card!

The tacos are smallish.. I smell it and admire it and  tried to savour every bite... love the garnish especially the cilantro with the splash of fresh lime.

Pork BBQ and Boeuf Ancho are both tasty... I can eat 6 of those... 

Credit card time again??"
"I went to Ichiban Fish House today for lunch.

The chefs are Japanese however all the waitstaffs are Chinese. I guess because it is located in a Chinese mall so they decide to hire Chinese speaking wait staffs?

I ordered the Sushi box. It came with salad/soup/2 little piece of tofu/shrimp & vegetable tempura/8 pcs of sushi.

I personally find the sushi to be just ok.. not much different than the AYCE quality. 

The tempura though is really tasty! It has 2 shrimps, 3 pieces of vegetables. The batter is really nice and the shrimps are fresh! one of the vegetables is an piece of apple...that is quite different than the usual.

The ice cream is small but it is cold, solid and not melting!! I really don't like where places served ice cream that are half melting when they bring it to your table or there are little ice crystals inside.

Next time I going to try the Sashimi combo and something different... 

Yes I will go back again!"
"I am back for a visit for a Manicure and Pedicure again. They still have the $35 combo and now that includes toe nails design instead of free hand paraffin.

I have to say I am more impressed this time because I painted my finger nails and now after 4 days of daily abuse they still look fresh!

For the toe nails design hey let you pick from samples and they did such a good job with the artwork.

They accepts interac and you can put in the tip amount and they give you cash so you can tip the technician directly."
"$27 for appetizer, main with coffee/tea what's not to love?! The only thing is are you ready to have a full meal after 10 pm?!

Restaurant Lemeac is the Best deal in town. Great if you want to go on a late night eating date that won't break the bank.

Making the reservation on Opentable is quite convenient and for a Sunday evening there's no problem at all in securing a reservation. A leisure walk from Laurier Station or you can catch a bus over. The neighbourhood is nice and plushy, fun even for window shopping since all of them were closed.

We shared:

House Smoked Salmon
- ""fresh"" with a good bite

Escargots, Portabello Mushroom and Tomato Ragout, Basil Butter Sauce
- Love the presentation, nice contrast of colours and texture

Duck leg confit, roasted fingerling potatoes and salad 
- The confit itself is A-OK, surprisingly moist, The only thing it the plate is loaded with cheap package salad that was not too fresh

Braised beef short rib, barley stew, Swiss chard and mint pesto 
- off the bone tenderness and good mix of lean and fat. The most interesting part though is the barley stew which was prepared perfectly with such interesting texture and complexity in taste

Washed down with Côtes du Rhône Villages Sinargues, Pierre Henri Morel 2010 ($11) - light and but peppery with a sharp finish

Restaurant Lemeac can be quite noisy at time so you might not hear what your date said but just nod and smile and all will be good.

I think I will be bring my date again next time when I am in town!"
"The service department of this particular BMW dealership is really nice and friendly. My car always got fixed on time and one incidents even provide me with complimentary rental car while my car is waiting for parts. 

The sales department otherwise I think is rude and unprofessional. Imagine my salesperson using foul languages while talking to me and my boyfriend in Cantonese. 

And if you decide not to get another car from them, they becomes more offensive."
"Yau Kee Noodle House is located in the same plaza as T&T Supermarket Middlefield location. 

Its concept is similar to Jim Chai Kee. There are more selections though in what you can have in your noodle e.g. wonton, dumplings, fish balls, beef brisket, pig feet, beef intestine... All the offerings are written in Chinese on the wall.... There are no real menus. I wondering if one cannot read Chinese will they have an English menu?

I decided on wonton/fishballs with rice noodles ($5.00), which is the usual I order at Jim Chai Kee. I have to say the noodle is much better than the one that serve at Jim Chai Kee. The kitchen really took the time to prepare my noodle, so it was not as quick as JCK. However, the fishballs are way tastier, with onion/parsley/dried shrimps mixed in with the minced fish. The fish balls does have a lot of flavour and have no fishy tastes at all. The wontons were made with all shrimps. the  shrimps were fresh and tasty! The rice noodle were cut into narrower strips and by doing so is more inline with the fresh pho noodle. Yes it is really tasty! 

The chilli oil is made by the store. It is not too spicy but has great fragrance. You can buy it for $5 a jar. 

I would definitely be back to try out other item on the menu. The price is reasonable with single item with noodle for $4.50.

This is a family runned and owned business, so service though friendly but sometimes can be a little slower.

Cash only!"
"Go Big or Go Home!

This particular Costco is more for business owners especially if you are in the restaurant business. 

It is fun to browse around as the stuff they have in stock you cannot find in other regular locations! Yes you can buy a whole lamb here. And I though getting a whole lamb leg already too much for my ordinary shopping routine.

A lot of their items are in mega size packaging. As someone that shopping for a regular household that have 4 people, this may not be the best Costco location.

No Butcher counter if you are looking for some meat produce."
"I just LOVE Lunch Specials! 

Pizzeria Libretto Lunch Menu ($15) is such a good bargain.. (+ 1 star) 

No wait on a Friday lunch time... got to sit at the bar... 

Arugula Salad (+1 star) 
- Love how it was lightly dressed with tons of fresh pears and walnuts.. 
- makes me feel I am eating so healthy.. but in 5 minute or so I going to stuff my face with a whole pizza 

Margherita D.O.P (-2 star) 
- I know the restaurant is busy.. yes even for lunch it is packed 
- but really, seriously why is my pizza so freaking burnt??!! one side of the crust was like charcoal black and the burnt bits like ashes crumbles under my touch..... (see my photos!) 
- please don't tell me that Canadians here like to have burnt pizza?? and even the bottom is burnt to in some part to a certain degree.... 
- Pizzeria Libretto's management really need to work on some quality control... and please don't burn my pizza again.... please... 
- I cut out all the burnt part and have it piled on my side dish.... my waitress just gave me the look.. I hope she won't tell me that's the best part of the pizza... 
- Pizza itself is quite good, the crust is so thin and light ...one of the thinnest crust I ever have outside of Italy 

Vanilla Gelato (+1 star) 
- I am all cool again when they feed me the gelato. Gelato so creamy and heavenly 

I would happy to give Pizzeria Libretto another try but only during lunch time... I will have to tell the kitchen NOT to burn my pizza... I will wait patiently for my food.. please don't ruin my lunch!"
"Disclaimer: This review is not sponsored in any form. No free item in exchange for my review (During their Grand Opening, free mini cone was given out in exchange for a post or review on Social Media)

I love Matcha and was excited that this new Matcha Tea & Dessert opens at Commerce Gate. 

On a Wednesday afternoon, this place was not busy. I was debating what to order, the friendly staff suggest the twist: Matcha and Red Bean. I wanted to get the mini size, but since I want that in a cup, he said only in regular size ($6). 

The soft serve looks good for the photo. I do like the texture: heavy and denser compares to others and it took awhile to melt. What it is lacking though is taste. I know most Asian dessert of trying to make it not too sweet but the flavour profile was just off! Maybe Red Bean and Matcha does not work together? There was this smokey after taste of me just having a cigarette! 

The staff was nice enough to ask me how was it. I did tell him the truth and he mentioned that they uses Taiwanese Black Sugar as sweetener. This might be the problem since this type of sugar though is a healthier option but has a more smokey-malt taste to it. And the different in texture is probably from the molasses of the sugar.

Hopefully, Matcha Tea & Dessert would work on a better tasting profile as personally I don't think that having a smokey after taste is the way to go for soft serve!"
"Shh.... Dick & Jane Romance Boutique's storefront can be deceiving... 

I almost think it is a lingerie store.. a Sexy Lingerie store... But in fact it is an adult romance store owned and operated by female. So I should be really comfortable shopping here with no judgement.. cough cough.. 

Dick & Jane also helds""educational"" seminars for women only or couples, that offers your tips and alternative that would enhance your romance life.. 

I am trying not to make my review R-Rated and be flagged!"
"We dropped by Cafe Alice to kill some time before dinner.

On a Sunday late afternoon, the cafe is quiet with just a table or 2 occupied. I love how we were greeted the moment we walked in. Drinks on the pricier side but it is nice to chill and use their wifi.  There are also broad and dart games available. Not bad if you want to just hang out with friends.

Service was prompt and friendly. 

Maybe next time I will have a beer and a snack? Beer seems like a better deal vs coloured soda."
"Redwood Hot Yoga just open last Sunday with Free unlimited classes for the first week as their Grand Opening Special. And of course I decided to drop by and give it a try.

What set Redwood apart maybe is that it features the latest infrared heaters that triple the body's detoxification while making the hot yoga experience more comfortable. Don't get me wrong, being in a hot room would not be a ""comfortable"" experience if you don't like the heat, but I do find the temperature of the room frustrates quite a bit, I felt hotter/warmer when I am lying down on the mat as opposed when I am moving.

Redwood also has its own Red Hot Series which has a series of poses which all teachers would implement into the classes they teaches with their own twist. Since I only took one class which the instructor gave excellent instruction in alignment and with variations depends on your level.

The practice room though spacious, I found it a little too bright for my liking during the day. Good news though the carpeted flooring which I really hate would be changed to hardwood soon! 

The Ladies' change room is quite roomy with 3 showers and 2 washrooms. The waiting area too is really pleasant. There is also a fresh juice bar on site so you can replenish after class. Staff here are also really welcoming and friendly.

With time and effort, Redwood Hot Yoga will be one of the best yoga studio in the area."
"HK Special Kitchen has this classical hole in the wall vibe.  Located inside the food court of Dynasty Centre where there are handful of other food vendors.

This food court main target is high school students nearby during lunch rush so the portion is big and price is cheap. The competition here is fierce.

At HK Special Kitchen, the menu here is small vs their competitors and quantities are limited. Their chicken dish seems to be the most popular dish. Boneless Hainanese Chicken and their Ginger hand shredded chicken would be the item I would recommend. I also tried their baked rice: Cheese White Sauce Pork Chop with Rice (note: the rice now is no longer fried rice).

The nicest touch probably is that nice soothing ginger drink that comes with each item.

Small family business with the owner being the cashier and the cook. Each dish is made when order so the wait time could be long than typical take out place."
"The Pho Restaurant is one of those restaurants that I frequent often and always have a great meal!

Family owned and managed. All the items I ordered always prepared with care and love. 

Bun Bo Hue
Pho Tai Cari (Southern Vietnamese Yellow Curry)
Pho Tai Bac (Northern Style Pho)
Pho Tai Sa Te (Satay Pho)
Just Pho you (Pho your way)
Bun Rieu (Vietnamese Crab Noodle Soup)

Bo Nuong Cuon (Beef Summer Roll)
Bo La Lop (Grilled Beef Wrapped in Betel Leaves)
Nem Nuong (Grilled Pork Sausage)
Bo Tai Chanh (Mango Salad with Shrimps)
Canh Ga Chien Bo (Chicken Wings in Butter Sauce)
Canh Ga Chien Nuoc Mam (Chicken Wings in Fish Sauce)
Banh Cuon (Vietnamese Rice Rolls)

I am a noodle person and I tried all the above and love every single one of them. So now I always have a hard time to just pick one whenever I visit!

Their appetizers are tasty too! With so much flavours and the taste of Vietnam in every bite!

I wish all business would be like The Pho Restaurant which have spent so much time and effort making and serving delicious food from their homeland!

My 6000th review dedicated to small family business that works so hard in GTA!"
"The Expresso Room is a nice addition for this neighbourhood. I love the bright and pleasant deco and just a good place to hang out with friends over a cup of coffee or alone spending some time on your laptop.

Macchiato ($2.35) was good and have a good crema, but just a little too sour for my taste. 

They also treats and pastry that they baked in house. I guess I need to give those a try next visit."
"Warung Kampung inside JD's Market serves Indonesian food as what a mother would had made it for you with love and care.

Beef Rendang+Kale+Rice ($7)
Pepes - Grilled King Fish in Banana Leaf ($8)
Sate Ayam - Chicken Satay in Peanut Sauce ($1.50) 

A little on the pricey side as the portion is small, of course compare to eating in Indonesia, but this maybe the closest I can get in Toronto. The spices used is quite unique and flavourable.

A takeout place only...or you can just eat in the street... as it is street food after all!

Ask for their house made Green Chili Sauce... it is really spicy!!

They also takes orders for Rijsttafel (rice table) if you want to host a Indonesian feast at home!"
"As long you don't expect Fujiyama serving up authentic Japanese ramen and you willing to pay $14 for that, it will be a A ok noodle joint. But this is Scarborough after all, unless this is Zen, I doubt too many people would find that price justify.

The noodle itself is not Japanese style ramen which is bouncy and light. Their version is more doughy and dense.

My Miso Tonkotsu had a really light broth which was not what I expected and lack the rich flavour.

Service was friendly and cheerful."
"Starbucks in Old Unionville is the most cozy Starbucks I been to yet!! 

Plenty of seatings and those comfy armchairs of course my favourite to park myself there to write some yelp reviews and upload photos via there Free Wifi!

One problem of this location is the acoustic of the space, it can get really noisy, I can hear every single conservations of people talking/arguing/flirting downstairs.. it is definitely not a quiet, serene environment for one to chill.

BTW, there are now a bunch of Grown men yelling at each other having a great time! Wondering what shots the barista put in their coffees! Maybe I should I one of those too!

Opens till 12:00 AM Friday and Saturday!"
"All you people keep telling me I have been everywhere. There are still so many hidden gems I never too in Toronto and Tokyo Kitchen is one of them.

Tokyo Kitchen offers Japanese and Western Fusion items on their menu.

Super cute and screaming Japanese Kawaii. Closest to an authentic Japanese experience you can get in Toronto.

Pork Katsu with Curry Sauce was so good! The pork was tender and juicy. The curry sauce has an intense flavour, not spicy but satisfying.

Service was friendly and cheerful. My server is polite and attentive."
"I guess timing is everything even with Doughnuts?!

We arrived at Von Doughnuts around 3 pm on a weekday and was a little disappointed with the selection. Apparently because it was over the Holiday season (Dec 30, 2016) and a lot of people were getting their guilty pleasure before their New Year Resolution?

The lone staff at the counter was really nice though. She even gave me 2 of their Salted Caramel Doughnut because they were smaller than usual.

I found their Doughnuts just ok. I prefer mine fluffy and airy but what I tasted here were more hard and doughy.

Not worth a special trip but might drop by again when I am in the neighbourhood."
"This review updated is based on dim sum experience. I have to give Very Fair Seafood Restaurant an extra star just to be Fair.

Not too many dim sum restaurants in Toronto hires ladies pushing carts serving dim sum anymore. This is the way that it used to be... you wait and wait and hoping that your favourite dim sum will show up... and sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. For the popular items, you might have to send your boyfriend/father/brother to get them... if not you might never have a chance to have them. The ladies pushing carts might try to sell you their dim sums.. since some of them are so unpopular and it can be going around and around and still no one wants it.

Having dim sum back then might take a long long time... and it might be the only time that some families would have spend time together on a Sunday morning slipping tea slowly and enjoying reading their newspaper.

Here dim sum specials are $2.20 for S/M/L before 8 - 11 AM 7 days a week. The dim sum here are A-OK!"
"The newest Nak Won took over Kazan old location opened today. 

A super size and super luxurious version compare to the original Nak Won on Yonge Street! 

Eating here at least I won't smell like food after. 

Lunch special on weekdays till 3 pm but the selections are just a little bit boring, but don't even have a Noodle dish available and the price just $1 off from the regular menu. 

Banchen was awesome!! I got 10 of them and I was dining alone!!! I can just eat them and be happy!!! 

Bulgogi ddukbaegi - Grilled Marinated Beef with mushroom and glass noodles in a hot pot ($8.99) is quite standard but great to warm me up when it is cold outside. 

I definitely prefer this location than the others I been too. For services (the waitresses are smiley), food quality and cleaniness!

Btw, the booth seating is huge and spacious... Can fit 6 of me and the spaces between tables are generous..."
"4 Star + 1 Star for the Daily Special

Chip+Malt maybe the best Fish and Chip joint in GTA! It is worth the drive to Newmarket!

The decor is nice and playful. 
The seating is comfy.
The service is super friendly.

Where else can I get a Haddock with Chips for $10.99?! 

The fish is fresh.
The batter is light and crispy.
The fries is crispy golden.

Sticky Toffee Pudding ($6.99) with Guinness Ice Cream ($1) - Rich and heavenly. More a brownie texture.  

Sadly Yorkshire Pudding not ready for lunch. I have to come back during dinner.

Chip+Malt is a 5 Star experience for me!"
"Maybe I expect too much after reading these 4 and 5 star reviews??

Maybe I expect too much from a $3.99 lunch specials??

Maybe I just unlucky?

The Jerk Chicken with rice and peas I got today as a snack was really disappointing! The chicken itself was really dry and lack any jerk spice/rub.. the sauce is this strange sauce tasted like something from the supermarket shelf.. garlicky and sour at the same time...

The lady at the counter was in such a bad mood... no smile, no greetings... and she didn't even have change for my $20..... and 15 minutes later, there was this big fight between the staffs there..and customers just walked out without ordering....

The only enjoyable experience was the little patio... at least I can enjoy my dry Jerk Chicken outdoor under the sunshine!

They don't have any Coconut Cake though.. so disappointing!"
"Still my favourite Studio in the Passport to Prana 2010 list.

I have to tell you that no studios in the area offers such a varieties of classes and with the different in levels.

However, because of its popularity, the classes can get quite busy. So if you do use your Passport, please make sure you arrive at least 15-20 min prior to the class start. They did turn people away because the class has been filled up to capacity."
"Great looking furniture looks right out from the interior design magazines. 

If you looking for something that make your living room looks stylish, Yes! But if you looking for something really comfy that you can just relax in.. I look somewhere.

Prices wise is reasonable if you looking for designer furniture for your boutique style condo.

The only complain I have are the people working there. We were wandering around the front showroom and no one even greet us or even acknowledge us. All the staffs were just typing away on their Keyboards without making any eye contact!!

Poor customer services and even I might be just looking, it is just polite to at least ask if I need any help.."
"Imagine myself being a Vegan/Vegetarian one day...

It ain't that bad... it is not a nightmare....

To tell you the truth if you ask me if I going to eat from now on the food items of Pulp Kitchen VS Stockyards... Pulp Kitchen will be the winner!

Love the Blueberry Waffles... and all these Fresh Fruits! You sure that is healthy food?? It tastes like a dessert... not too sweet but hmmmm Fresh Fruits... need I say more.

The French Toast I do find it a little dry.. and tasted and look like something that I can put together without any cooking skill... hmmm will skip that next time.

Now I have a few of my vegetarian friends I don't mind going with them for lunch/brunch if they willing to come to Pulp Kitchen.

Services here is nice and friendly... and all our questions gladly answered!"
"When I walked by Bagel World, I thought it is more like a takeout place. I was so surprised to find out that it is so roomy and have so many tables at the back of the restaurant!

Dropped by for a quick lunch on weekday and this place is so busy almost all the tables are filled! Lucky, the services here is fast and I finish my lunch in 20 min...

Bagellini with Tuna ($7.99)
- Poppy Seed Bagel tasted ok.. I do wish they don't over toasted their bagels... It got a little dried...and crispy! 
- Tuna, cheese and onion makes it a really good tuna melt sandwich!
- A little pricey.

Services here is friendly... my coffee cup never got empty..and the coffee here is quite decent!"
"After going to Bier Mart for brunch without doing any beer tasting, the adventure inner me feel like I have been deprived. I want to go somewhere for some decent food (Bier Mart though has an impressive beer menu, but I was not impressed with their food) and some beer tasting, that's how I ended up at Beer Bistro. 

My Yelp Drinking Buddy was impressed the moment he stepped inside the Beer Bistro. Friendly staffs, great beer selections, tasty food, classy yet casual atmosphere... oh and the Patio!!! 

Our waitress was so patient and help us pick our 6 beer tasting selections. I am not a real beer expert and I could not even pronounce the name of the beer correctly... but it was an enjoyable experience! 

We have the Spicy Kobe Beef Tacos ($13) to share. It was a little disappointing.. so disappointing that my YDB even forgot he ate that. It was either spicy or the Kobe beef just tasted like regular beef?? 

Belgium White Mussel ($16.95) which I really enjoyed. Light and creamy and not overpowering, really bring out the freshness of the mussels... I LOVE mussels!! 

Flourless Chocolate Cake ($9) was so good, that my YDB ended up licking the plate.. yes he really used his tongue.... hmmmm 

Beer Bistro is a great restaurant for casual dinner with friends where you can hang out over a pint or a romantic dinner with someone specials... But for me, I would definitely be back for a drink or to either at the bar or on the patio!"
"I been to going to this particular Service Ontario locations to renew my vehicle stickers and driver licence for years...

It is not the most exciting thing to do... but I always find that all the ladies that works here really enjoy their work. I always greeted with a smile or a little joke here and there and they really knows what they are doing as I always get in and out so fast!

There is always at least 4 people working at the counter and my wait is always less than 10 minutes even if there were a line up.

BTW, now you can even come and renew your Health Card here!"
"I feel really sorry for Wiki Star owner when I drop by this tiny little one man operation hidden in a side street off Yonge. Unless you live in the area or one of your friends tell you about it, you will never have imagine a Taiwanese food takeout place will set up shop there!

The owner/cook/cashier is so nice and friendly. He was so flattered when we comment how good his beef noodle soup is! I really like the personal touch when you can have direct interaction to the cook that prepares the food. It feels I like I am eating in someone kitchen. + 1 stars

The beef noodle soup base is excellent (complex tastes you can tell how much work and ingredients he put in order to accomplish that)... but the noodle is really soggy without any bite... The beef is quite tender.

I don't eat Taiwanese Style Chicken too much... so I cannot really comment on that.. The rice is too mushy even for my taste.. especially if you mix it with sauces it is extra mushy.. remind me of baby food.

I will definitely come to Wiki Star again if I'm in the area! BTW, when we were leaving I smell this funny aroma.. he is preparing Intestine Thin Noodle.. hmmm I might have to say NO for that one!

They accepts Cash Only!"
"St-Viateur Bagel Stop #3

24 hours and 7 days a week?! 

How many dozen of bagels do you need? 

Are you going to eat all of those? Let me see how many kilometres you need to walk to burn one of these bagels off? 

Only Sesame and Poppy seed left... can I just have 3 dozens or so... 

I feel the warm and smell the bagels driving all the way back to Toronto... and I end up smelling like bagels too... sweet sweet smell of sesame and honey!

BTW, St Viateur Bagel might be the safest place in Montreal tonight as there are 2 police officers chatting away with the bakers."
"This Winners location has quite decent selections. 

One of the better selection of luggage if you looking for one.

The clothings, especially active wear is meh...

Long lines at cash registers are so similar at most of the smaller Winners....."
"Thanks for the $20 off coupon from Fraticelli's via Email, I got to come back and give them another try.

I love the idea of having a feature menu as the regular menu had not been changed for years and I always like the try new things!

Lamb Shank ($31) was so tender and tasty. I love the Parsley-Mint gremolata garnish and being braised in Chianti gave it a more complex flavour.

Fettuccini Gamberetti ($20) was just so pretty in Green with the help of pesto sauce and baby arugula. Love the plating!

There was no hostess at the front when I walked in and waiting in the front for over 5 minute until one of the wait staff noticed me. I could tell the restaurant was really understaffed. But good to see that the place was busy."
"Personally I love the idea of having a library inside a Mall... What's better than when one can eat, shop and yelp using the free Wifi access at a library without going outside in the cold?? 

Bridlewood Public Library is locate in Bridlewood Mall. Nothing much in Bridlewood Mall since it is more like a neighbourhood scale mall. The library itself is smallish and a little dated... yes they still have furniture that looks like they got it from Honest Ed's a few decade ago. 

Wifi access though is fast.. like fast fast fast.. and of course is free even if you don't have a library card and for sure you don't need to buy a coffee or something! 

They do have booths.. study booths that have outlets!! Each booth has 2 outlets... and I don't have to look a shark circling around with my laptop looking for one. 

The lighting though is a little harsh.. tons of tons of florescent lights... but hey it is not a trendy espresso bar with cute barista and nice jazz music.. I should not be that picky??"
"Shell is located at the north west corner of McCowan and 16th.

One of the biggest Shell station around as I never need to wait for a pump no matter what time I drop by for a fuel up.

Price is the same with the other stations in the area but I fuel up here because I am an avid Airmiles collector!!

The touchless car wash is not bad but there's always a line on a Sunny Sunday afternoon!

Only come here if you are driving from the East or down from the North since you will have hard time going into this gas station with all the traffic islands!

Open 24 hours!"
"Fish Soup Noodles House as the name suggests specialized in soup noodles... and the menu reflects that. 

You choose 
soup base: fish, chicken or Thai 
noodles:udon, vermicelli, flat rice noodles, glass noodles, etc 
2 toppings for free: beef, briskets, pork, fish, dumplings etc extra toppings $1.50 each 

Then you have your custom soup noodles!!! 

Aside from noodles there are some snacks starting around $2... 

My combination Noodle: 

Fish Soup Based Vermicelli with fresh fish slice and fish tofu ($7.50) 
- The broth was surprising good... rich and milky white.. green onions and parsley helps lessen the fishy taste.. 
- The toppings though was not plentiful.. 4 small slices of fish..but at least was really fresh..and 3 fish tofu which I found was so-so 
- Vermicelli is of medium thickness.. I found it really soggy and too soft for my taste.. 

My snack:

Steamed Fish Siu Mai ($2) 
- The siu mai made solely of fish meat and fillings.. pretty decent tasting 
- however the siu mai was served lurk warm.. if they would have them up a little, they would have tasted so much better!! 

Fish Soup Noodles House is great for singles or small groups since there are a lot of small tables and since you just order your own bowl..so eating alone is no problem. 

They still have the heating elements on the tables from Dow Noodles Hot Pot.... Maybe they can start to serve fish soup hot pot next winter! 

10% grand opening discount! Cash only!"
"Sugar Hut is a relatively new Chinese dessert place. A little out of the way unless you lives in the area but the good thing is it is not too busy.

The menu has traditional Chinese dessert that I enjoyed and other newer concept items too. 

Steamed Coconut Water Egg White ($6.95) was smooth and have this healthy clean taste. A little on the pricey side.

I will be back next time I have some cravings for Chinese dessert when I am in the hood."
"This review is based on my Winterlicious 2014 Lunch experience.

I have been to Origin the original location at King and Church which I had a so so experience and which gave me no incentive at all to try out Original North when they opened up in North York until now... Winterlicious Lunch for $15! I am IN!

The deco here is rustic and spacious. Not as lounge like but the the bar in the centre is quite inviting. I can imagine myself coming for a drink as they do have a selection of Ontario Craft beers on draft! 

3 Course lunch that comes with an optional wine pairing for $10! We ended up sharing:

Wine Pairing for Appetizer - 2012 Castle Rock Chardonnay,Central Coast California
Sparta Salad+Yuzu+Miso+Toasted Sesame
Pastrami Spring Rolls+Pickles+Chili Lime Dressing

Wine Pairing for Main - 2011 Butterfield Merlot, California
Sweet Chili Chicken+Carrots+Red Pepper+Chili+Shrimp Crackers
Meatball Sandwich+Cibatta+Tomato+­Peppers+Provolone

Wine Pairing for Dessert - 2010 13th Street Riseling, Niagara Peninsula, ON
Soft Serve Cone+Frozen Hazelnut Chocolate Rocks
Pavlova+Lemon Curd+Citrus Salad

All the dishes were well plated and the wine pairing experience was excellent! 

The only misses was the Sweet Chili Chicken as the chicken was hard and dry.

The patio looks really promising but I guess I have to come back when it is warmer!"
"Everbest Bakery is located inside Woodside Square. 

A Chinese bakery that sells mostly Chinese/Western version of buns and pastries. 

Convenient if you are shopping or running errands inside Woodside Square but definitely doesn't worth a special trip.

- Winter melon (Wife) Cake is dry, the filling is hard and doesn't have much flavour

- Egg Tart is a little better... but I think the custard a little too sugary

The one thing really makes this place a 2 star is how the cashier use a dirty yellowish looking towel to wipe off the plastic trays that we put our selection of baked goods on...

If I don't see it then is ok... but............"
"Apron Cafe is a welcome addition to the neighbourhood. Located right at the plaza next to T&T Weldrick is quite convenient if you doing some Chinese grocery shopping in the area.

The interior is clean and spacious with 2 huge TV showing CP24 and Chinese variety programs respectively.

Menu is quite standard with breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and all day specials. Great for a cheap meal as most of the options are under $10 which includes soup, main and drink.

Portion size is quite good and the ingredients freshly and prepared with care. my Baked Spaghetti with Meat Sauce ($8.50) was a little bland but the borscht was loaded with vegetables!

Will definitely be back to try out other items. Afternoon tea starts at 2:30, great as a late lunch!

Service was exceptionally friendly and attentive. +0.5 star

Cash Only!"
"When my GPS asked me to turned into an industrial area on the way to Goody's Diner, I was wondering if I am going to another those old, dirty diner/burger places I been to.... but I am pleasantly surprised when I stepped inside Goody's.

As usual, I got this look from all the staffs when I walked in.... 3 pm.... an empty restaurant... and what is she doing here look.

I was given the regular menu but seriously considering one of the special burgers... they all looked good and deliciously deadly... and most important, great for my photo shots....but little did I know I would be labelled as weird based on what I chose by some other! 

The Macho Nacho ($11.99) with sweet potato fries and a drink was beyond satisfying. Everyone started smiling when they realized I am going to eat that burger by myself and all come to my assistance as of how to eat the burger without making a mess?! 

Sit on it first so it would be flattened so it will fit into my mouth? one suggested
Move the pick to one side so when I bite into it , the toppings won't come bursting out?
Use 2 picks and anchor the fillings and then cut that in half? other suggested

The burger was enjoyable... the ground sirloin beef patty was cooked to perfection, though well done was still juicy and well seasoned. The toppings are what one would expect from a nachos.... beans, chips, corn, pepper, sour cream, chilli.......

I finished the whole thing.... yes I really did..... aside from some of the sweet potato fries... The sweet potato wedges were good, crispy outside and still soft and mushy inside.... but I was  just too full!!!!!

All the staffs in the restaurant said I am ready for a nap.... They seems to know me well?! Too well.........

Goody's Diner has such good services and friendly vibe which I really enjoyed. Even my first visit, I felt right at home....... 

Until next time.... burp!"
"2.5 Star

This review is based on drinks only as we didn't order food at Sgt Peppers.

Sgt Peppers feels like family owned as this place is really short of wait staff. Quite a few tables were not cleared when I dropped by around 10:30 pm in the evening to catch the last period of NHL game.

Beer on draft is decent and priced well. We ended up ordering Mill Street Organic Ale and Keith's Galaxy Hop. 

Staff starting to clean the tables around us using cleaner which I am really allergic to the smell.....

TVs though plenty were small and not high definition.. but at least I can watch the game no matter where I sit."
"This review is based on my lunch time experience. So it might be limited and bias... in my own special way.. :)

I walked by and saw $5.99 for lunch that includes soup or soy milk drink.. You know I cannot resist the deal.

I went there on a Friday afternoon around 12 pm. The place is practically empty... The restaurant is nicely decorated with high ceilings and comfortable seatings. They also have some little table that is perfect for 1 to 2 people at the front on the right of the entrance.

I ordered the lunch special of course! There are over 20 different ones you can choose from. Some selections are Shanghai and some are cantonese style... spicy or non spicy...meat lover or vegetarian choices. 

I decided on the diced chicken with peanuts in spicy sauce aks Kung Pao Chicken  (a pepper next to the item denoted that it is a hot dish) with soup of the day sweet and sour soup.

Everything arrived at my table on the same time. I have to say I was disappointed.

None of the food is hot.. I am not talking about spicy hot.. at least they should be hot  and steaming when they are served to the customers. 

None of the food is hot.. I am talking about spicy hot. If it is an authentic shangahi restaurant, both my order should be spicy spicy hot!! (Asian Legends Kung Pao chicken has tons of dried pepper inside, and the sweet and sour soup has red chilli oil flowing on top!) 

When I see there are Cantonese dim sums offering on their menu... I should not be surprise that Hi Shanghai lose their authentic shangainese style....

The food I ordered does not tastes like they were freshly made. More like they have everything pre made and just dish them out and served. At least put them in a micowave and heat it up!! 

The staffs are quite indifference and cold, no smiles, no thank you.. I did not feel too welcome.
And I found it really rude when the waitress just stood there and watched me and see how much I am tipping her...

They do have good prices for Cantonese/Shanghai dim sums all sizes order for $2.30 before 11:30 AM.

There are so many choices in Scarborough/Markham area for Chinese food. I don't think I will be going back there again for lunch. 

1 star for food; 2 stars for environment 

BTW, now you know why this place is nice and quiet during lunch time!"
"Juicy Teahouse is a nice and quiet little bubble tea place where you can enjoy one of the large selections of tea and fruity drinks from their menu and read some magazine and just chill out.

It is empty aside from us on a late Sunday afternoon... So quiet.. even the music is low.... more like a soft background.

Fashion Magazines are quite current (Nov issue) from Taiwan and all in good condition. There are a few board games available if you really want to play one and beat your friend badly... I would rather just chill out and do nothing.

The drinks are A-OK. The Whatever ($4.99) I ordered is a fresh strawberry fruit blended drinks.. I just could not make up my mind since there are so many to choose from so I let the nice waiter/food preparator pick for me.

I would definitely not going to order any food from here! Taiwanese-Style Three Cup Chicken with Rice ($6.99) is so so... the rice is hard and cold... the chicken is rather bland...  I don't expect much because this place is really small and does not even have a real kitchen.

Juicy Teahouse is going to be a place where I can have a little fruity drinks while waiting to meet up with my friends... BTW, the plaza is a little seedy and dark at night........"
"4.5 stars

Golden Crown Dynasty Cuisine now is my number ONE place for dim sum. It is hard to believe but for the price, Crown Dynasty Cuisine really delivers!! I have to say it is even better than Crown Princess Fine Dining on the quality of dim sum, but for deco Crown Princess of course is way better. But as someone said I cannot eat the decoration.. which is another story...

It opens at 8 AM 7 days a week! That is really amazing for Richmond Hill area since seems like businesses here are all open late.. the only choice is usually just HK style Cafe in this early hours.. don't even think about dim sum!! +0.5 star

The time slot for ""All Size One Price"" special is from Monday to Friday 8 - 12/Saturday and Sunday 8 - 11 for $2.30 and tea included! Afternoon Tea starts from 2 - 4:30 pm. Other times the prices varies but with 10% discount. 

The dim sum menu is amazing! There are items that are not common in other dim sum restaurant: Crispy Abalone Pastry Puff,  Shrimp Dumplings with XO sauce, Escargot Pie with Portuguese Sauce just to name a few. 

The dim sum here are prepared fresh when you order. Though it does not have the traditional push carts dim sum restaurant atmosphere but I have to say the food quality do compensate it! All the big shrimps they use are so fresh, imagine paying $2.30 for a pastry that has Abalone inside! We love and enjoyed everything that we ordered!

The services here is so nice and friendly. We were greeted with a smile and every staff thanked us for our business when we leave... $15 includes taxes and tips for 2 of us!!

I for sure will be back!! There are over 60 items in the menu and it will take me a few visit to try a few more of them.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Ruby Eats has this rustic country feel which I love! 

Great places to shop for your Foodie friends or anyone that into gourmet cooking!

I just love all the jams, preserves and condiments Ruby Eats made in house. I couldn't keep my eyes on that white jar of beef fat or the bacon jam... 

The staff was really friendly and ready to help and answer any questions!"
"If you want to get unpasteurized goat cheese from Quebec or France at Marche Jean-Talon, Fromagerie Qui Lait Cru is the place to go.

The staffs are friendly, knowledgeable and patient.

Especially if you are not sure what you want? and even what you like? They able to help you to find out what you may like.... 

My Yelp Friend ended up picking 2 different cheese for us to try.....

a soft goat cheese from Quebec and a hard goat cheese from France

Both are quite mellow, great if you are not into strong flavoured cheese! Kudo to the staff for his recommendations!"
"The Chef Thai Fusion are closed!

Replaced by Sushi Tei!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience ($20) at Pangaea during Summerlicious 2012.

Hungry.. Hungry.. my lunch date kept telling me she is hungry.

Portion definitely is small.. Please stop looking at me with hungry eyes...

We ordered:

Appetizers:
Shrimp Salad
Jamón Ibérico ""Bellota"" Salad

Main:
Beef Tenderloin
Speckled Trout

Dessert:
Buttermilk Panna Cotta
Flourless Chocolate Torte

All the food here is nicely prepared, plated and delicious. Mini sized aside from the dessert. Pangaea must believe that dessert is the most important part of the meal?!

When we were leaving Pangaea, my friend asked ""What's for lunch!"" I guess she still hungry..."
"This is the sister restaurant of Top 1 in Richmond Hill. I have to give them credit in how they renovated the previous restaurant into something that is clean and upscale. 

But is that alone enough to bring in business? How about 10% off? Not really, as I doubt I would be back.

Soup was a not a good start as the menu described as traditional soup of the day but we got a funky snow pea sprout with corn starchy soup.

The main were not bad as the beef tenderloin though over sauced but tender but with no honey black pepper flavour. Lobster and fried rice were ok but be careful of sand inside the veggie.

Dessert was one of the worst red bean soup I ever had.  A watery soupy mess.

Service though is friendly but even the waitress realizes how bad was the dessert, I think there is an issue.

Will be a pass.. $48 for a set dinner for 2? There are way better options in Scarborough than here."
"Having a drink and a snack before catching a movie at Little Sister was a wonderful experience!

If you are looking for authentic Indonesian food, you might be disappointed. Little Sister offers a taste of Indonesian-Dutch cuisine. 

Cocktail menu is interesting with an ""Indonesian"" twist. I would have been happy just have a drink here anytime!

We ordered 2 items to share: 

Fried Cauliflower Salad ($7.95) Rujak, Green Onion, Puffed Rice
Babi Guling ($8.95) Crispy Balinese Pork Wrap, Pickles, Peanuts

Service was attentive and friendly. Love the energy of the staff. 

The decor here is cozy and homey. Made me feel right at home.

Reservation is highly recommended even on a weeknight dinner rush. 

Little Sister is quite unique and worth giving them a try."
"3.5 star 

Hatam Restaurant is located in the Village of Richmond Hill. 

I am here surprising NOT for their lunch specials.. though they do have for $5.99 for take out only!! But I love staying in and enjoy the ambiance and the services... and I don't mind paying a little more for that, instead of eating from  Styrofoam containers! BTW, those cushion seats looked so comfy... my Yelp friend was like shooking his head when I dashed over and sank myself into one of those!

The menu has all the standard Persian offerings of kebab and stews, which are all priced reasonable with big portions! 

We decided on: 

Vaziri Kebab ($ 10.99) 
- one skewer of Koobiedeh and one skewer of Joajeh Kebab 
- Both nicely seasoned and really tender 

Bademjoon ($ 6.99) 
- Seasoned eggplant and veal served with rice cooked in a tomato sauce with capers 
- Veal was disappointing tough and with not much flavour. when I think of stew, I expect the meat will be soft and tender... 

Doogh ($ 1.99) and Istak Drink ($1.50) were great to wash down our Persian lunch... 

Hatam Restaurant's friendly staffs made me feel comfortable and I really enjoyed their hospitality... Now I think I might be brave enough to go into a Persian restaurant by myself?? or Am I ready?"
"Boulangeroe Premiere Moisson may has the best pastry or croissant in Montreal. But its convenient location, right inside Gare Centrale and consistency is worth a 4 star.

I always pick up some goodies for my train ride to Toronto. Croissants, French pastries and cakes and even a sandwich.

I like how the lines are divided into different sections so the lines tends to be shorter and move faster. Making a decision on what to get at the pastry counter though can be a little challenging for a lot of customers as all their sweets looks pretty and tasty!

Eating one or two or three of these buttery croissants just made the train ride so much enjoyable...."
"This new Milestone location is quite nice as it is spacious. We have a slow start with the service as our server did not come and greet us more than 15 minute after the hostess seated us. Service was though quite solid after that.

Love the Roasted Garlic Caesar Salad ($10) with Kale, which was quite interesting. Miso Glazed Cod was divine but Moroccan Lamb Sirloin was bland and rubbery. Highly recommend one of their cocktails: Moscow Mule was well crafted for $9.

Food is decent and with good daily drink special. I do prefer the set up at the other location at Yonge and Hwy 7 better but this is not bad."
"For a second... I thought I was somewhere else....

The sun was bright and hot... The water looked turquoise from the reflection of the sunlight... I can even feel the ""ocean"" breeze...and there is this sandy beach....

Beachfront Park is a little piece of paradise for everyone and even their dogs in Pickering. Water, Beach, Boardwalk, Kids Playground and Spray Pool, Beach Volleyball Courts...

Sunbathing or Chilling Out in the Shade... Have a picnic or enjoy a drink in the nearby restaurants...

The boardwalk also leads  up to Ontario Power Generation's (OPG) giant wind turbine.. you can think of as an eye sore or the benefit of alternative power...."
"Cafe Crepe's crepes are not bad... but the selections just did not make be go WOW, I want to try them all....

Yawning... the menu is just so Yawningly boring.. Do I want chicken/ham/tuna with cheese/egg/spinach?

or should I just skip my dinner and just have dessert instead... the sweet crepes are definitely much much much better!!

Chicken with Mayo (yawning)
- winner of the most boring dinner food photos I ever took!! A glass of water will be a more interesting photo...
- The chicken is a little on the dry side... no amount of mayo would have save it!

Dark Chocolate and Coconut Crepe with Vanilla Ice Cream 
- I did not order that.. but of course Rafi N who was so fortunate to sit with me for the evening let me taste it.. and I took a HUGE bite out of it!! 
- It was really good... I guess it always good when you are eating someone else food?

Cafe Crepes is really good if you come in a big group! Our waitress suggested that she is going to split our bills right off the bat! Awesome! I know how after a few drinks, I lost my ability to figure out my share... 

I will definitely be back for some sweet crepes, especially since Cafe Crepes is opened till 1 AM on weekends! And next time, I going to order one all for myself!!"
"Keung's Delight's Afternoon Tea Specials from 3:00 pm to 5:30 pm ROCKS!

Great diversified selections of snacks, rice dishes and stir fried noodles and the best is the choice of drinks for free. Iced Black Jello with Ice Cream, anyone??

Stir Fried Singapore Turnip Cake ($5.95) with my fave drink both tasted A-OK! 

Services though was extremely slow... My food took over 20 minutes to arrive! Whenever I need anything, I have to tell the waitresses twice to get everything..even my bill.................."
"I am smart! I am so smart! I came to Guu Izakaya on a Monday night at 9 PM! There is no wait! We got seated right away at the bar.

This place is busy! This place is buzzing! This place is full of energy! I really enjoy the concept!  I like all the yelling and humming with languages I don't understand!

We ordered 4 dishes to share between 2 of us: deep fried octopus balls, deep fried chicken, grilled squid and cheese bibimbap. They are all tasty except for the deep fried chicken. The chicken was really oily and gross because they double fried them! I could only eat 1 piece...

The Sake Mojitos is really neat! I enjoy that (of course popping the GUU Original RAMUNE is so much fun!).. the other cocktails looks really interesting too!

We finish our meal off with a Wasabi Cheesecake. It is not too sweet and just have a hint of wasabi taste.. yummm.. the only complain it is too small.. not good to share with your friend!

I really enjoy seating at the bar watching the cooking, though afterwards I do smell like fried chicken!

Since there was no one else waiting for a table, no 2 hour seating limit was enforced.

Yes I will be back and enjoy more drinks and bar food with my friends! But definitely on a weekday. I would not have wait in line for 1 hour or 2 for this experience!"
"I hope you love matcha as much as I do. Tendou doesn't disappoint.

I highly recommend Kurogama Frappe ($6.25) if you like black seasame as much as I do. It is just like having a black sesame milkshake,

A limited selection of dessert but no menu as yet. Mochi Inspired Waffle ($7) though sounds like a good idea but in reality was a fail a chewy texture and hardly any fillings. Even for someone like myself that does not like sweet found it bland and boring.

Give it a try. An decent option for some authentic matcha soft serve with real matcha taste.

 I hope they will put the name and pricing of the desserts soon as it would have made ordering so much easier. And sure more people would have give those a try.


Cash Only"
"Cheap Beers! $11.50 a pitcher everyday and anytime!

Great place for a meet up as it takes reservations even on a busy Saturday night! 

I have not try the food or other drinks, but All I NEED is BEER! :)

Interior is quite dark. Though the lighting is not good for photographs but great if you are half drunk or drunk....

I will be back for some cheap drinks.. Mill Street is A-OK!"
"Lai Wah Heen is worth the visit once in awhile or a nice place to let my out of town guest to treat me to a nice dim sum lunch (thanks so much!). 

Service here is definitely top notch. Their dim sum is quite unique compares what other dim sum restaurants in Toronto or even GTA would offers. These all comes with a price.

We ended up ordering:

Steamed dumpling of fresh Dungeness crabmeat ($4/pc)
- the cutest thing I ever ate, maybe not taste as good as it looks but great for photos!

Crispy fried pastry of foie gras & minced pork ($4/pc)
- I expect a little more, the taste and the texture of the foie gras was lost... not really memorable

Deep-fried lobster dumpling served with a clear consommé ($5/pc)
- chunks of lobster meat with great bouncy bite!

Steamed dumpling of minced chicken & truffle ($6.50/3pc)
- A little over cooked and dry

Steamed chicken & fish maw flavored with rice wine ($6.50)
- meh... I can barely taste or smell the fragrance of the wine

Baked mini puff pastry filled with cured ham, shrimp & pork ($6.50/3 pc)
- delicious! love the pastry shell, I ended up eating 2 of those! 

Tapioca, lychee & mango in chilled sweet soup ($5)
- presentation is pleasing! And has tons of fresh lychee inside, so refreshing!

Make sure you ask for hot sauce, which is really a chili oil but loaded with dried scallops! 

I love the options of ordering some of the dim sum selection by each piece as some time as a person that dine alone, it give me more option to try out other things! 

I think I will be back again! Especially if I want to have some decent dim sum in the area, as there are not too many to choose from that worth going."
"Great Time!

Excellent Service!

Tasty Well Prepared Food!

I was luckily to be part of a CMYE event organized by Evelyn W for a prix menu ($35). My Yelp friend was forced to do a family style sharing with me so I ended up trying every single item on the menu.

Devil On Horseback
- Date wrapped inside bacon.. I really enjoyed that and thanks Imran N for giving me his! I don't usually even eat date and I enjoyed that!

Duck Carpaccio
- love duck.. I can eat this all by myself.. why am I sharing?

Grain Salad with Triple-Thick Yogurt 
- a little too healthy tasting for me.. I think my Yelp friend should eat the whole order.. it is good for him!

Hand Chopped Sirloin Burger with Bone Marrow (Medium Rare!!)
- Medium Rare! Since the meat were hand chopped, it has a lot of texture! Just wish I can eat the whole thing..stop looking at that other half of the burger with hungry eyes!

Gnudi with mushroom, cream, peas and brown butter
- A little too heavy for my taste. 

""Flowerless"" Brownie (as quoted from the menu)
- warm dessert always my favourite! burst with chocolate flavour!

I forgot how many glasses of sparkling wine I drank that evening. The staff here just so nice in filling up my glass......+++ star!

Definitely will be back again! Since The Samuel J Moore is open till 4 am on weekend, a great place for some late night food! Well prepared after drinking food for me!!"
"Pho Anise is an amazing looking Vietnamese restaurant! 

The deco is so chic, so spacious and offers patrons a lot of privacy! From the heavy tinted front windows to those high partitions for the booth seating. I was not even sure if I was eating here alone as the only table or there were others and I have to stuck my head out in order to get my waitress attention.

There are only 3 choices of 1 Pho and 2 rice dishes from the lunch special menu. I hope Pho Anise can add a few more in? From $7.99, it includes a spring roll, a main and a can of pop.

Well Done Beef Pho ($7.99) was really enjoyable. The portion was perfect for lunch and the well flavoured broth has the aroma of anise :)

Love the complimentary cold tea they serves during the summer."
"I was looking for Moksha Yoga Bloor West along Bloor Street... Since this part of town is not my territory.. while kept admiring all the restaurants, bakeries and coffee places.. by the time I walked to 2454 Bloor.. I saw a convenience store.. I thought I walked right by. or I mixed up the numbers again!! Luckily I saw someone with a mat, stalking her I found the side entrance to the studio!

The waiting area is spacious.. and I love how they renovate the space to suit their need and keeping the character of the building. The receptionist was nice and makes me feel really welcome!

I love how there are 2 rooms.. one heated and one for room temperature yoga. I decided on a restorative yoga class instead of a heated class. There are tons of props in the room for use and it was so relaxing to have a class where I can just closed my eyes and breath for almost 90% of the class time...

The only complain is about the showers situation... This is the only studio I been to where there are no shower curtains/doors!! So basically you are taking a shower in full view of everyone.... I think I do prefer a little privacy....

Busy Busy studio!! It can be a zoo in between classes.. but busy is always a good sign that the studio is doing something right!!"
"Disclaimer: My friend was so generous and she treated me. The Buy 6 Get 6 free was a good deal. 

I do love my torch pressed sushi (Aburi-style+Oshi Sushi). They were tasty and have great umami flavour. The sauce and the seasoning just perfect without being overboard.

But regular price at $13.50 for 6 piece of Spicy Torch Salmon at a takeout place?  

Without the special deal, it would be just painful spending that much for so little food. I would have to eat at least 2 orders just as a light lunch.

Surimi Sandwich starting from $6.99?! It did not look too good as a takeout. I hope my friend enjoyed that."
"Location Location Location

With a open view of Yorkville area, Sorry Coffee is a great cafe for people watching and just chill in the area.

Though the address is on Bloor Street, it is really facing Cumberland Street. 

Service was fast and friendly. 

The interior is small so getting a seat might be hard and don't even bother coming in a group of 4?!

The best option is probably having your coffee to go and enjoy the weather in the nice open area in front of the cafe/"
"Avani Asian Indian Bistro has a really extensive menu: Indian, Asian (Hakka Indian), Thai. You definitely need to a group if you want to try a few more item on the menu. 

I was lucky enough to dine with a group of yelpers for an UYE and we even has our own private room!

I was able to sample:

Vegetarian Mixed Grill ($24) Makhi Malai Kebab, Tandoori Aloo, Paneer Tikka and juicy Tandoori Mushrooms)
Avani Chicken Sampler ($18) (Sheek kebabs, Afghani Murgh, Chicken Tikka, Chicken Haryali & Reshmi Kebab)
Malai Kofta ($13) House specialty Kofta (dumplings) in a house specialty curry
Goat Curry ($16)
Baingan Bartha ($13) Smoked eggplants roasted in a tandoor oven and cooked into a gravy
Chicken Korma ($14) Boneless chicken breast in a mild cashew curry
Murgh Laziz ($14) Boneless chicken cooked in tomato gravy with ginger garlic 
Saffron Rice ($4.50) Steamed Basmati rice infused with saffron
Roti ($1.99)
Pudina Paratha ($4.99) Specialty Layered Indian Bread made with clarified butter
Kuchumber ($4) Chilled red onions, cucumbers, tomatoes & carrots
Raita ($3.50) Refreshing combination of yogurt, cucumbers, fresh mint and spices

The dish were all well prepared and served at nice hot temperature! We had a lot of fun!

The portion size though a little small at this price point! 

This is one of the rare time I rather going to an Indian restaurant for a buffet experience. Avani does have an Executive lunch buffet at $13.99. I might give it a try next time when I am in the area. Hopefully the food will be as good as my dinner experience!"
"La Mere is NOT a French Restaurant... and it has nothing French about it!! 

La Mere is just the Northern Chinese restaurant doing small plates. It's Chinese name means ""Old Mother Meat Cake"". Since it is their specialities I decided to try one of those.

Stuffed Beef Pancake ($4.50) took a little while to arrive as it was made to order. The beef was minced and it was juicy and savoury. It was filling too!! I ordered a congee ($1) to go with the pancake and it made a really authentic Northern Chinese cuisine experience!

La Mere is really a single friendly restaurant because all their dishes are smaller portion at a cheaper price point! That's why there were at least another 3 singles eating in the restaurant while I was there!!"
"Part One - Warming up for the Winter Beer Fest at The Only Cafe

Love the beer selections here both on Tap and in Bottles. I like how they have a little booklet that has the profile of what they have on tap with characteristic, tasting notes and pricing. I ended up ordering:

Aporkalypse Now Oatmeal Bacon Stout ($4.50) - more smokey than meaty, but really easy to drink and I can tell myself I am having some healthy grains.

I need to come back for some of their bottles. I wish my fridge is loaded with all these beers too..

Part Two - Sampling Beer in the Back Patio for Winter Beer Fest at The Only Cafe

Beer Fest Winter 2013 

Armed with 20 $1 sampling tickets I was able to tried quite a few of the offerings, OK almost all they have (thanks for Untapped App so I kind of remember)

Great Lakes Brewery - Lube Job Baltic Porter
Great Lakes Brewery - Belgian Quad
Great Lakes Brewery - Harry Porter and The Bourbon Soaked Vanilla Beans Porter
Great Lakes Brewery - 25th Anniversary Bourbon Barrel-Aged Russian Imperial Stout
Flying Monkeys - Balls To the Wall Russian Imperial Stout
Flying Monkeys - The Matador Imperial IPA Aged on Spanish Cedar
Nickel Brook - Maple Porter
Nickel Brook - Old Kentucky Bastard Imperial Stout
Grand River - Jubilation Winter Warmer
Hogtown - Hog Wild IPA
Mill Street - ESB Extra Special Bitter
Cameron's - Rye Pale Ale (RPA)
Black Oak - Double Chocolate Cherry Stout
Steam Whistle - Pilsner Unfiltered Plus
King Brewery - Dark Unfiltered
Kensington Brewing - Baldwin FishEye IPA

I never thought I would be drinking beers for 2 hours outdoor in below freezing temperature. But this is one of the best beer fest I ever been to. People are nice, Beer kept flowing and those high ABV % Stout kept me warm and toasty.

I will definitely be coming back to The Only Cafe for more beers.... LOVE"
"2.5 Star rounded up because of the $10 coupon in the mail

I don't have high expectation with Kelsey's, especially after reading all these Yelp's reviews.

With $10 off coupon in the mail, I decided to give this Kelsey's a try! The last time I was here was a long long long time ago...........The deco still the same? So it is kind of bringing back some memories...

We ordered The Messy Fish Sandwich ($12.99) and Seafood Lover's Pasta ($16.99) which the waitress was more than happy to substitute the pesto cream sauce to tomato sauce.

Food was quite standard. I doubt I would have pay full price for that as there are quite a lot of other choices at this price point!

Service though was so friendly and efficient."
"I have been to this Starbucks a few times over the last 6 months and always have an enjoyable experience!

I can always find a table near electric outlets which is always a plus for me.

Barista here are friendly and cheerful, always happy to fulfil my request.

However close to the front is a little chilly where most of the seating is!"
"The moment I stepped inside Alcoa Bakery, I feel like I am transferred to one of the smaller village in Portugal...

The staffs all have this big smile on their faces, addressing all the customers by their first names. Older folks enjoying their coffee while chatting with everyone around them. TVs are tuned into Portuguese's CP24/Sportnet.

Double Espresso is for sure a great pick me up went well with my egg custard tart.

Great place to come in for a nice coffee break! Or just to pick up some baked goods: bread and desserts both looks and smell great!"
"Lack of Seats!

Long lines for drinks!

I would not go to this Starbucks as there are other options in the area. This parking lot is just crazy, the driveways and the lanes between rolls of cars are so narrow, a lot of crazy drivers and a lot of senior drivers... all these make parking or driving in the parking lot extra dangerous!

I will pass!!"
"Bistro 67 located inside the Centre for Food at Durham College's Whitby campus, has all the visions I would love to support.

Green-certified teaching-inspired
'Field-to-Fork' vision

The building and the restaurant is just modern and glorious. Love the view of the vegetable garden as I could imagine how fresh all my salad was.

We ended up sharing the following from the lunch menu:

Baby watercress and nasturtium ($8)
Strawberries | filberts | lavender peach vinaigrette

Roasted porchetta ($13) with Soup of the Day
Calabrese roll | fig confit | arugula | rosemary aioli

DC frittata ($15)
House sausage | goat cheese | roasted bell peppers | cilantro and chives

I enjoyed the plating and the freshness of all the food I ate. I just wish they have a prix lunch menu similar to other teaching college restaurant I had been to. 

Beer on draft has selection from Ontario Craft Brewery and they also has an interesting cocktail list.

Menu changes every 3-4 months so worth coming back again to try out other items according to what fresh and seasonal."
"I love Specials!!

I never like paying full price!

I came to Brownstone Bistro meeting up a bunch of happy Yelpers for an UYE. (happy because they all started drinking before I got here)

Creemore on Draft sounded good. Waitress was really attentive and checked on us all through the evening!

Time to go home! And when I asked for my bill, $4.52?! for my pint of Creemore? I got a little confused until I got home and looked at their website..

""Tuesday Creemore Night!!"" 

Now I am eyeing the Wednesday Sangria for $5 and Thursday Martini Night with Martini for $6!

And of course Happy Hour 4-6 pm!!"
"I was contemplating should I write a review for HD Cake and Pastry House for the longest time.

I like the owner because he is super friendly and nice. We had a great chat and he even treated me to a cup of coffee. 

I got some of the cookies and they were tasty. He did a lot of custom ordering of cakes but as a retail pastry store, definitely a lack of variety for walk in customers.

Hopefully the nice owner/baker would open again with a better business model."
"Summerhill's No Frills is named because of the owner Steve Summerhill... Not because it is located in Summerhill...

This is a small No Frills located in a small strip mall. I have been shopping here before Leo's No Frills and Food Basic opened up in the area!

Since it is right across from some low rise apartments and within a walking distance from Cedar Crest Manor, one of the area Senior Retirement homes, the store is quite busy with the area residents!

Selections of course is less than the bigger No Frills location in the area, but they do stock up on everyday and sale products!

Fruit and Fresh Products sections are always tidy and clean with nothing rotten lying around like some of the No Frills I been to!"
"I know my jumping up and down, waving my arms vigorously for attention of a server would have been appreciated one day... and my Yelp Friends would be so thankful that I able to get them their beers at Le Cheval Blanc.

Finding a table or even a chair is not easy. I know it is a Friday night. Everyone in the bar here are looking for a chair..as I viciously guarding that empty chair waiting for the last of our threesome to arrive with 10+ people trying to steal it away.

Picking what to drink was easy as I know I want to do a sample tray. 8 beer of different style all labelled and the beers at Le Cheval Blanc is quite delicious.

We sampled:

- Blanc
- Cream Ale
- Stout
- Export Porter
- Amber
- American Pale Ale
- Triple IPA
- Imperial Strout

Nothing stand out to be my favourite but they all true to their style and were quite enjoyable.

The music here though a little too loud, definitely not a place to chill or talk to your friends! But hey, you can scream at them after a pint of cheap drink or 2?!

I would avoid coming on a weekend...... I just want to enjoy my beer not spending the whole evening trying to get my beer!"
"After my friend gave me a small bit of his Grilled Pork Sandwich, just that one bite.. I dreamt about Banh Mi boys that very night..

I have tried:

Pork Belly Bao
Kimichi Fries
Grilled Chicken Banh Mi
and my favourite is still Grilled Pork with that extra Thai chili!!

The toasted bun so warm and crusty

The pork so soft and juicy

The lemongrass so aromatic 

The pickled veggie and or course that extra chili so spicy!

Hmmm... Just thinking about it, I know what I am going to dream about tonight! My Porky Banh Mi Boys!!"
"The verdict for the chicken lamprais from Abbirami Catering: Spicy!! 

After sharing that huge lamprais for lunch with 2 other yelpers... I am satisfied and happy.. eating spicy food makes my tummy feels nice and burning warm. 

So much different flavours in this little bundle of joy, I saw my friend eager tasted different colourful portion of lamprais and guessing what they were and enjoying the different sensation of spiciness. 

If you are like me, enjoy spicy and intensive flavours that will knock your socks off.. you will love that!! 

Thanks for my nice friend got this yummy lunch for us as a takeout...!"
"Ice 'n Cake is located in the Town Square area at the Shops at Don Mills. 

There are over 15 different flavour of gelato includes Bailey Irish Mint, Blood Orange,  Blue Angel etc which are all created on site. And if you prefers a slice of cakes or pastries. Or if you prefers some crepes or waffles, there are that option too!!

To welcome the fall, I decide to have a scoop of Pumpkin Spices ($3.95) which was rich and smooth.

Ice 'n Cake was hopping with energy and excitement on this Saturday night! I was almost tackled by a punch of kids while I was checking out what flavors they have for the night!

Too bad summer is over, the night was chilly and cold, if not the patio does looks really inviting!"
"To be fair, Lanzhou Hand Pulled Noodle has been in business for almost 2 years?! It must be doing something right. 

Without all the hyped and excitement when I last visited on their Grand Opening Day, I found it is a solid noodle joint. Lunch time with only a few tables, almost all of the customers were Mandarin speaking, it does have a authentic feel to it. 

I finally got to try their hand-pulled noodle instead of knife shaved version this time. I love the chewiness of their noodle. The soup was light and not oily at all. Spicy Shredded Chicken Noodle was A-OK but the portion was huge. 

Good place for some cheap eat. I will be back!"
"I don't go to Metro Toronto Convention Centre that often. Maybe once or twice a year.

I found most of the trade shows that held here were Meh.... aside from the annual Yoga Conference which I enjoyed.

Clean washrooms and Tons of ATM machines...Seems like at every events I went to there's always a line at the ATM?

The prices of most of the events that held here are usually more pricier than other locations, but I guess since it is the place to be for anything big or international?!

Car shows? Bridal Shows? Food and Wine Show? Yoga Show? Cultural Show?

You would find something here that you would enjoy!"
"I love duck everything!

And of course I ended up ordering Duck Egg with Duck Hash ($13) for my late lunch on a Monday at Hammersmith's.

It was delicious! A little pricey... but definitely the best duck hash I had.

My cook/server is so friendly and nice. Watching him cook in the open kitchen definitely has a homey feel... I wish I have someone that cook for me everyday.....

Hammersmith's is a good addition to this neighbourhood!"
"I walked by Excellent BBQ Restaurant numerous time and I always wondering why this place always has a line up? 

There are sit in area for people decide to dine in and Chinese TV shows would keep you companion no CP24 though. The area looks clean with no that everything are dirty and sticky feel of a lot of other BBQ places I been to!!

Price point is a little more than the Scarborough BBQ place I been to.. but for that $1 or $2 the food are both better in quality and quantity.

BBQ Pork/Roasted Duck with rice ($6.99) came with like 2 huge bowl of rice, I have to ask them to just give me half portion. The set also comes with a soup and a drink. The duck was really meaty and lean, not the boney and fatty leftover part I usually get! BBQ Pork was on the lean side but not too dry.

I was so full after just eating all the meat ..  burping!

Cash only!!"
"If you are one or all of the followings:

a) picky
b) a vegetarian
c) wants to know exactly what you put in your mouth
d) into consuming ethic and sustainable food
e) have special dietary needs
f) will not eat just anything

Mysushi maybe the place for you if you have craving for maki/rolls!

Step One: Rice and Wrap

- Pick your Wraps: Nori or Soy

- Pick your Rice: Brown or White

Step Two: Cooked ($7.99) or Raw ($8.99) Protein

- Cooked: Krab Meat/Spicy Krab/Tempura Shrimp/Atlantic Baby Shrimp/Teriyaki Chicken/Sukiyaki Beer 

- Raw: Spicy Salmon/Sockeye Salmon/Salmon Tataki/Spicy Tuna/Tuna Tataki

Step Three: Greens (any 3)

Asparagus/Avocado/Carrot/Cream Cheese (is this a green?)/Cucumber/Edamame Hummus/Green Onion/Inari/Jalapenos/Lettuce/Mango/Napa/Shitake Mushroom/Tempura Yams/Seaweed Salad

Step Four: Sauces

Japanese Mayo/Teriyaki Sauce/Mysushi Sauce/Spicy Mayo/Korean Sushi Sauce/Siracha Chili/ or Nothing at all

Step Five: Toppings

Crispy Onions/7 Chili Spice/Tempura Bits/Sesame Seeds/ or Nothing at all

Step Six: Salad or Soup

Step Seven: Eat in or Take out

Step Eight: Admire your personal creation...

My creation for tonight is Sweet and Healthy Tuna ($8.99) - 
Nori/White Rice/Tuna Tataki/Asparagus/Carrot/Inari/Mysushi Sauce/Sesame Seeds with Salad Eat in 

I found it a little too sweet but with interesting texture. The other items were just too overpowering in taste and I can barely taste the tuna.. maybe I can just go for whole veggie roll ($5.99) instead?!

If you are not really creative, Mysushi does have some fixed combination that you can order off their menu without thinking too hard what you feel like eating...

The concept is kind of fun and it is nice to have the rolls prepared fresh right before your eyes than have them sitting in the cooler like at some fast food sushi place. 

The interior is nicely decorated and great to meet up with your health conscious/vegan/vegetarian friends for a quick bite! 

BTW, there are over 700,000 different variable combination accordingly to Mysushi.. you can even make your sushi without any rice if you on a no carb diet!"
"Meat........Fatty and Hand Cut Smoked Meat.........

I just love my quickie lunch experience at Centre Street Deli. 

Great and attentive services! Yes here at a Deli!
- Greeted and seated right when I walked in!
- Ordered taken immediately
- Checked on a few times and waiter ensure I have everything I needed
- I said I want mustard... I was offered 4 different kinds!
- Water glasses always topped up! 

Medium Fatty Smoked Meat Sandwiches ($7.95) is AWESOME! The smoked meat was hot and melt in your mouth tender... and full of flavours too. The coleslaw ($2.95) is light and refreshing went so well with my meat...

I was in and out of the restaurant within 20 minutes and at peak lunch hour when the Centre Street Deli was at its full capacity!!

I love the deco here too. Simple, traditional and with the old day charm.

Now I know where to get my piece of meat when I am in the area!! And the more I think about it, I think I will even drive here when I am not in the area!"
"I would not have take my dog to Veterinary Emergency Clinic if he is not suffering in the middle of the night. One can imagine the cost with be a lot more than your regular vet.

Unfortunately, he has IVDD which is specific to his breed and VEC does have neurologists on staff that able to operate on him within 24 hours of his ruptured disc. The alternative is to drive to University of Guelph in the middle of the night.

It is not cheap. Over $5000 but fortunately I do have insurance that cover 80% of the cost. This make it so much bearable. But it is still a shock to see the estimate and of course the final bill! And I do need to pay everything upfront!

I found all the staffs here are really professional. My dog was admitted and diagnosed within 15 minute of our arrival and sedative was given so he can be more comfortable. He was taken care through the night and able to see a neurologist and have a MRI and operation the next day. The staffs always keep me up to date with the progress. 

I would definitely recommend going to VEC in case if your beloved pet got really sick when your regular vet is not available. 

I am glad that this service is available for us pet owners to utilize!!

They accepts all credit cards, even Diners!

Even sadly my dog did passed away."
"On a cold Winter day, when it is snowy and miserable outside.. I know where I want to head to for a couple of hours... Seoul Zimzilbang Korean Sauna!!!

I been to Korean Sauna when I visited Seoul.. I can tell you that Zimzilbang is as good/authentic or even better.. 

- 24/7, it never never close!! And you are welcome to stay as long as you like!

- Just love lying around hanging out with friends.. it is just a different experience than going out to for a drink or dinner or coffee with friends.. the experience here is more intimate.. feels more like a sleepover :)

- spacious resting area..big sofas to lay around.. TV to watch... Free Wifi access (yes you need to be connected even when you in a Sauna?).. even a Pool table?!!! 

- The different sauna rooms that have different minerals on their walls suppose to give you different health benefits..

- I can imagine if I am an out of towner, I will come here for the sauna, have a nap, workout on the exercise bike, have a shower, write yelp reviews.. all for $20!! That's much cheaper than staying in a hotel/motel!!

- atmosphere here is really casual and you will see families with kids spending a couple of hours here..

I felt totally refreshed and relaxed after my Sauna experience! BTW, that 100C room is freaking HOT!!"
"Great Services! Reasonable Prices!

All Day Specials that includes a soup and drink from $5.99.

K & K Cafe Restaurant is another one of those Hong Kong Style Cafe that caters to customers that want to have a quick bite at a good price.

My Preserved Vegetables with Pork Set ($5.99) is quite flavoured and the Milk Tea is silky and smooth.

A good choice if you are in the area! Don't come Tuesday though, as they are closed!"
"Motorino Enoteca does have a modern and youth decoration. Loud, high energy and quite chic. I just wish the food and the services can be as high energy as the vibe!

Dropping by for a late lunch and the services was just indifferent and slow.

My Rigatoni alla Norma (Fried eggplant, light tomato sauce and Imported riotta salata) for $16 is not bad in taste but definitely overpriced. 

No bread was ever offered... wish I have that to dip it in the tomato sauce.

Maybe it just me, if I ordered rounds and rounds of drinks, my services maybe a lot better?

There are so many options of good Italian food in the area, I think I am going to skip Motorino!"
"I never expect.... I don't even believe it.... 

This Starbucks located at the Food Court area of Vaughan Mills was super busy!! I don't mind the line as the other options here are Timothy's and Second Cup. Go to the others if you prefer not to line up. 

What I never expected was this takeout location of Starbucks that sharing the seating area with the food court has open WIFI access!!! 

I love you Starbucks!! 

Leave me alone, I am CHECKING IN!!!"
"Big Meal Japanese & Asian Restaurant is located at the corner of Kennedy and McNicoll Avenue. 

This plaza seemed to be cursed as aside from the Spa, no other businesses able to remain open for a long time....some even last for a few short months. Will Big Meal survive?? 

Dinner ($22.95) on a Sunday night is in line with the other AYCE I been to. The menu also quite similar with addition of a few items.

We ordered quite a few items to try out:

- Sashimi: Salmon, Butter Fish, Surf Clam (they are out on Sweet Shrimp) A-OK
- Sushi: Flying Fish Roe A-OK
- Hand Roll: Spicy Salmon Roll A-OK
- Maki Roll: Volcano Roll, Unagi Roll, Spider Roll A-OK
- Salad: Mango Salad, Seaweed Salad, Mixed Green
- Soup: Miso Soup
- Steamed Egg Custard A-OK
- Grilled Salmon Belly A-OK
- Grilled Steak , really dry MEH
- Shrimp Tempura  A-OK
- Grilled Eggplant OK
- Grilled Beef Ribs OK
- Vegetables OK
- Grilled BlacK Cod A-OK
- Dumplings OK
- Grilled Squid Dry MEH
- Snow Crab Leg A-OK
- Baked Scallop small and chewy MEH 
- Garlic Shrimp was oily MEH
- Spicy Seafood Ramen, really bland and worse tasting bowl of Ramen ever
- Dessert: Sesame and Red Bean Ice Cream, Mixed Fruit (Strawberry and Orange)

Overall the food quality were quite good. 

Sushi/Sashimi/Rolls all fresh and nicely presented. The ""Teriyaki"" and Grilled all tasted similar as they were all drowned in the same sauce. The special item was a little disappointed. Cook food from the kitchen just average and some below average.

Services can be a little slow. We have to ask for refill of tea a few time. The place was just half full...

10% gratuity is not automatically added so please remember to leave a tip.

Big Meal does have potential to be another decent AYCE Japanese Restaurant. Improvement needs to be make definitely in the Kitchen for their cook food. 

I will be back again for lunch!"
"I really enjoyed the pomegranate/mango juice ($2.50) I ordered from Freshly Squeezed at Eaton Centre.

The selections of Real fruit juice are huge and interestingly exotic?... but I wish for more healthy less sugary options if available.

The servers here were nice and polite! Definitely I would advice no ice if you order one of their juice... You really don't want to have 1/2 cup of ice in their smallish small size..."
"Just maybe...

If someone drag you to T&T on Canada Day to do some grocery shopping, and that someone is going to spend almost a hour looking for every specials. 

I just suggest you just leave that someone there and cross the street to have a drink at  Crown Phoenix. 

Nothing really chic or cool here.. but at least they have a patio, Blue Jays/Euro Cup/Leafs game on...and daily specials.

60 cents Chicken Wings on a Sunday?! Yay! I am a fan! Crispy and Spicy! Great Snacks to go with the Beer Specials...

You won't find any crafted beers, fancy imports at Crown Phoenix.. You just here for a drink.. Trust me.. it is much better than pushing a shopping cart trying not to run people over at T&T...

Cheers!"
"2.5 star 

Komeya Cafe is quite new and welcome to the neighbourhood!

I do like the location right across from Mount Joy Go Station and underneath a condo development. I was hoping this will be something like Red Bulb in Stouffville. People would able to get a morning coffee then hop on the Go Train/Bus.

Maybe it is my mistake.... I should not have that much expectation for a ""authentic"" Poke Bowl?! I would have had a lower expectation if my Salmon Avocado Poke is not costing me $11.99!! It was at $9.99 but I guess the price had increased since their ""Grand Opening"" (Their grand opening banner still up in the store front) ? This cost more than a ""real"" poke joint would have charged downtown for pick your own protein, base, 3 toppings and all garnish. I now paying for a standard one with no custom alternation. But if it is good? 

After they microwaved my sushi rice, I was given a slightly warmed poke to go. By the time I was eating it, some of the salmon was a little cooked from the warmed rice. And why so much soy sauce?! I was a little confused! Maybe Markham people is not deserving to have something decent even if we are paying 20% marked up!

I would not be coming here with the 4/5 star reviews from my fellow Yelpers. But I don't think Komeya Cafe is worth that high a rating. Work on improving your products and offers your customers a fair price and maybe in the future there will be a real 4/5 star cafe in this neighbourhood!"
"Big Boy's Burgers is a great neighbourhood burger joint if you are in the area and have cravings for a burger.

Nice and Friendly staffs and the beef patties are cooked on grill in open flame when order... love that fresh off the grill taste!!

Original 1/4 lb with fries and small drinks ($7.35)
- love the toasted bun
- I think the beef patties though good and moist.. but I think I will go for the 1/2 lb next time as the patty is kind of small :)
- toppings are basic with the usual onion, lettuce, tomato.... 
- Fries are cut home style like wedges with all the skin, tasted fresh right off the fryer

There are also other items on the menu: gyros, sovulaki....

A few bar stools if you prefer to stay in.... and watch some CP24."
"This review is specific to the Mondial De La Biere 2013.

I do love the idea of a beer festival in downtown Montreal right at a Metro Station. Talking about being convenient and accessible. 500 Beers from around the World including which some of them are not even readily available in Canada. 

On top of that FREE admission! and just pay for the sampling.

Beer drinking for 5 days?!!

I was lucky to arrive early on Thursday. There were no lines for anything. All the beers still available and the crowd was still sober.

The sampling cost from 2-6 tickets @$1 per ticket each for a 3-4 oz serving. It got pretty pricey for some of the samples and why would Molson Canadian cost $2 per sample? They have to pay me to try that... There are not too many 2 ticket sample anyway...

Souvenir glasses at $10 for all sizes.. I do recommend getting the bigger one as the pour definitely a lot more generous...

By Saturday afternoon, a lot of imported beers from Brazil and Belgium were all sold out and even some American crafted beers were all gone. The lines were ridiculously long (200+) just to get in then lining up for coupons then for beers? The crowd got really rowdy and loud... That's when I left for my afternoon nap at 3 pm.

I did come back on Sunday morning to spend the rest of my coupons. A totally different experience as the place was so quiet and we can get to drink whatever that's available!

Will I be back for another Mondial del biere? Probably, if I am in town and just hop by for a few hour each day. It is definitely fun experience, but I won't be coming in town just for this or I would only come early to avoid the crowd!

Until next time!

Santé"
"Akasaka Japanese Restaurant has been around for a long long time. They must be doing something right in order to survive in this era of AYCE Japanese food.

This review is based on my lunch experience.

The restaurant is nicely decorated in traditional Japanese theme. I was welcomed warmly by the wait staffs and seated in a nice table for 1 with nice thick cushioned chairs.

Their lunch specials starting at $9 with miso salad and salad. You can also have teppanyaki starting for $10 that includes icecream too.

I opted for the executive sushi lunch special ($13) which includes 6 pieces of sushi, 6 pieces of maki and 1 salmon handroll.  The presentation was great.. I like the way how my salmon handroll was presented in a shooter glass (btw, makes me feel like having a shooter). The rice was all nice cooked with a nice mix of vinager in it. The fish were all fresh..

The services were fast and attentive. My teacup never empty, always refilled without asking. There were 4 wait staffs working the lunch shifts and 3 people working at the sushi counter. I imagine there were more people working at the back kitchen too! This is the most staffed Japanese restaurants I have been to in the area!

BTW, the only beef I have is the staffs were talking really loud among themselves in Chinese... around me, behind me, in front of me. I know most of the clients here are non Chinese speaking but that really affect the atmospthere. Especially funny when they all pretended they are Japanese.

A little expensive for lunch compare to other places but their teppanyaki seems like a good deal for $10 and their quality of food and services are excellent!

They accepts all credit cards!"
"This can be a good Future Shop because I can walk in and all around, no sales persons would have ask if I need any help when I don't really need help.

This can be a bad Future Shop because I can walk in and all around, no sales persons would have ask if I need any help when I really NEED help.

I only drop by here if I need something really desperate... or I really check out something. I try to just browse their website and get most of the information.

BTW, I know where to find the sale persons!! They usually hang out at the front entrance having a cigarette break."
"Pho T&T is an A-OK Pho Joint! The location is a little out of the way nestled in between commercial and industrial area. 

Pho here is surprisingly good starting at $6! The broth has a lot of flavour and not too salty. The noodle though not fresh, was cooked well without take of staleness that is really common with dried noodle. The beef flank was tender and soft, more like a tiny sliced beef brisket! 

Don't order Iced Vietnamese Coffee... I don't think anyone ever ordered it or something.. because the waitress was really confused and she does not even know how the coffee dripper works. Ended up I have a faulted ones and sitting there for 20 min staring at it.. only ended up with 1/8 cup of coffee.. I finally gave up and told the waitress please take that off my bill, I cannot wait for another hour for my coffee! 

Service here is nice and friendly. First time at a Vietnamese restaurant served by a Caucasian waitress..... 

Good place if you are in the area and want a Pho fix... but does not worth going out of your way to come here!"
"I have not been to Harbourfront Centre ever until this Summer. It is a little out of the way for me since I live in the Suburbs. But with all the events they held this Summer, I decided to make the trek down.

Nice to walk around when the weather is nice. Live entertainments, exhibitions and events every week during summer. 

I think I would come down more often next year if there are more interesting events."
"Maybe I should take a hands on cooking class?

Maybe it is a sign since I enjoy browsing Calphalon's kitchen wares?

Maybe just maybe some wine classes so I can learn wine and food pairing?

Calphalon Culinary Centre is a great start if you want to stock up on good quality cooking wares or signing up for some cooking classes if you want to improve on your cooking skills or just have a better understanding of what you are eating!

The varieties of classes are quite interesting. There are classes on techniques, cooking specials cuisines or protein. Prices are on the pricey side as a 3 hours course costs $150!

Maybe? I will just get those pots/pans and all these gadgets!!"
"I fell in love with Bandit Brewery's Patio and their cute branding! 

Come for the beers and skip their food, Royale ($10) the burger  I ordered was so so and the fries was cold.

Nice friendly service.

Beer Flights ($10) is way to try out what they offers on taps and I like what they offers!"
"Bickford Park is not only a park that people and dogs enjoy during the warmer months. Even when it is freezing cold with tons of snow on the ground, it is a place for a day of family fun.

On my way to Linuxcaffe, I could hear screaming even before I turned the corner... The scream of JOY! Kids sliding down the slope in their toboggans. The slope is just perfect, not too steep but enough for a little thrill ride.. since Wonderland is still closed for winter and taking your kids to Bickford Park cost nothing! (maybe a hot chocolate and cookies at LinuxCaffe)

And of course some dogs loves running in the snow, chasing after kids in togoggans... but that's a different story..."
"After my first so not forgettable Poutini experience at Dangerous Dan, when you taste some of the worst... everything tasted A-OK..

So Poutini's House of Poutine is A-OK

- place is clean... doesn't have that funny smell
- fries have skin on it... I like that
- gravy is not too salty.. not too much.. at least for the one that I ate... 
- the cheese curds were deliciously good
- the Teeny Weeny Tiny ($4.99) is the perfect size for a snack... hey I really cannot eat this as a meal.... 
- the place opens late on weekend...
- love that vegan/veggie/all out meat whatever options. gee at least everyone is happy.."
"Mong Sushi & Grill used to be ND Sushi & Grill http://www.yelp.ca/biz/nd-sushi-and-grill-toronto. Decoration has not change much. seems like the new owner just moved in and just changed then name and the menu and you have a new restaurant.

Menu for sure is different from the previous owners as the choices are more down to earth with nothing too fancy....

Lunch specials has the usual Bento box of Teriyaki and sushi...

Sushi Lunch $12.95 has 8 piece of nigiri and 3 pc of rolls with salad, soup and some Korean banchans. Fish is quite fresh and balanced well with the Shari rice. Sushi are bite size... and the fish is cut quite thin...but how I like how indivdual garnishes: green onion, caviar, wasabi mayo added to some of the nigiri to make the fish more interesting!

Mong Sushi is an A-OK choice for your sushi fix.. if you are in the neighbourhood... but definitely not worth coming here just for the sushi!"
"This review is based on my experience during Summerlicious 2014.

I love the location right inside Distillery District. As I can walk around a little, go for a drink after or just hang out.

Making reservation using Opentable is just super convenient. 

Summerlicious $25 Dinner

First Course: 
- Classic Caesar
- Grilled Calamari Sofrito

Second Course:
- Penne Arribiata with Ricotta Salata
- Grilled Salmon

Third Course:
- Red Wine Poached Pear and Mascarpone Tart
- Tiramisu with Red Wine Cherry Compote

The food was solid and the portion was generous. I enjoyed most of the item aside from the dessert which were so so.

Service was excellent and attentive even during ""Licious"" Restaurant week.

There is also a really nice patio, maybe not be as buzzing as other patios in the area but if you want some quiet time, this seems to be a much better choice.

Archeo is worth coming back if you enjoy good Italian food and some quiet time with your friends!"
"I decided to come and visit Moksha Yoga Danforth on a nice Monday afternoon for their Community Class at 2:00 PM.

It is an Anusara Inspired Reduced heat yoga class and the cost is $5 for 90 minute. This is the first Anusara Inspired class I ever took, as I don't really know what to expect.

From the website ""Anusara is an elegant practice based on Universal Principles of Alignment and following a heart-centered Tantric philosophy.  Expect detailed instruction in the alignment of each pose and transition, within a class that holds the spiritual purposes of praticing yoga as paramount.  Reduced heat. Suitable for all levels.""

Hmmm does it sounded a little boring when they talk about spirtual, philosophy and this or that??  And it is suitable for all levels... will it be another those chanting class doing easy poses?? I was in for a surprise.

The instructor is one of the best I ever have in any Moksha studios!! She is so patient and encouraging giving instructions in a calm and soothing voices. The class was challenging with non stop flow...with no breaks!! Though it is a reduced heat class, I was dripping in sweat... drip drip drip on my mat!! The poses are more challenging than their usual Moksha series. A mixture of hand balancing poses and a lot of hip openers. And of course I did learn something about muscle energy VS organic energy and trying to get their balance.... ok ok no more blahing...

Though the practice room was a little runned down! But I definitely be back for another CC Anusura Yoga class!"
"I love the atmosphere and the vibe at Caffe Costadoro! 

Love the comfy sofa, relax atmosphere, the deco... OK I love to see all these distinguished looking mature gents in their Italian leather shoes, tailored jackets and their charming smiles... 

It is definitely a different crowds from the other coffee shops I been too. It really reminds me of some cafes in Rome.... where some European men hangs out. In fact there are some of them smoking pipes and playing backgammon right outside the cafe... 

The Caffe Latte ($3.99) I have is quite ok. It was served in a ceramic mug a YES YES for me. 

I have to say that Caffe Costadoro is a refreshing breath of fresh air in this Asian Jungle and Western franchise chain establishments.

3 star for coffee
0.5 star for atmosphere and deco
0.5 star for Free WIFI

4 Stars"
"Been Chinese... A traditional Chinese that loves eating Asian food, I have been asked numerous time if I eat Cheese.. Yes I eat Cheese.. and kind of love eating Cheese especially if my Cheese is paired with wine tasting!

I have to agreed with Janna S about how great the staffs at Global Cheese are!! I were offered to taste Janna's fave Gouda without even asking.. the staff just overheard me asking how the cheese she got tasted like..and then a slice suddenly appeared in front of my face!

I definitely be back for more!! OK not just for the free tasting but to buy some and  enjoy them with a glass of wine or 2!!"
"Tutti Frutti is the largest Self Served Frozen Yogurt Brand in the world! 

Welcome to Ontario! This Richmond Hill location is the first location that opens in Ontario!

Similar to Menchie's and Yogurty's where everything is self served and you pay by the weight. But why I am showing it all the love? 

TARO flavoured fro yo! I have yet to find that in any of the fro yo places I ever been to! And it is just so devilish good! 

Here at Tutti Frutti seems like most of the flavours are more fruit based: Watermelon, Coconut, Banana, Cantaloupe.. Maybe because of the 30+ temperature we are having now, light and fruity flavours are more refreshing!

Soy based yogurt for special diet need or just what to feel specially healthy, perfectly Vegan friendly! 

TARO! Hopefully it will be available when I come back for my fro yo fix!"
"6th Street Pub N Grill looks chic and modern! A nice local crafted beer on draft and an interesting Southern influence menu. Restaurant Takeover did an awesome job in transferring this old dive pub to what it is now!

The server here is energetic and friendly. 

We enjoyed our Wellington 6th Street Ale and Nicklebrook Naughty Neighbour. The menu is small but interesting. Diablos ($8) - Pepper wrapped with bacon and deep fried, crispy and porky outside but soft and spicy inside! Great drinking snack!

I definitely will be here for a drink and enjoy some southern style comfort bar food!"
"This review of Skin+Bones is based on my brunch experience.

Poached eggs over French lentils and mushrooms - Good
Fried Chicken  - meh I found the batter a little too heavy for my liking but the side potato salad was really good!

Ploughman's buffet did look good! And for a few dollar extra on top of the main, great option if you are a bigger eater.

Service here was excellent and attentive. I just wish I enjoyed the food a little more.

Maybe I need to come back for dinner and give Skin+Bones another try. The ""Let Us Feed You"" does sounds good! And of course Sunday Oysters ($1)  and Drink Special!"
"Pi-Tom's may not be the best or the most authentic Thai food I ever have.. but it is A-OK. 

I have to admit I am a little bias with my experience: 
- I was hungry! 
- I was having lunch with 3 of my fellow yogi Yelpers (My non Hot Yoga Date!) 
- I was sitting on the patio daydreaming I was somewhere in Thailand.... 
- We has a voucher thanks for Janna!! YAY! 

Services was a little slow at the beginning but it did pick up nicely at the end... 

We ended up sharing: 

Appetizer Platter $14.95 - A-OK, love the mix and choices of different items: satay, summer rolls, tofu, squid 
Mango Salad $9.95 - The dressing can be better with more coriander 
Basil Chicken $11.95 - meh 
Pad Phed Talay (shrimp, squid and mussels stir fried in curry) $12.95 - have a great kick.. my yelp friend kept commenting how spicy it is! :) Winner! 

Thai Lemongrass tea with honey ($3.75) was a little sweet for my taste..as the honey was overpowering... so I would suggest to do it with 1/2 honey! 

Hmmmm Patio... Hmmmm Sunshine....Hmmmm Thai Food.....Hmmm Yelp Yogi Friends talking in the background....... 

What a great way to enjoy Toronto's Summer!"
"2.5 Star

Ziz Greek Kitchen is a decent option if you are working in the area and want a quick lunch.

Everything here is pre cooked and ready to serve so you can get your order ready to go in 5 minute or less. Food court/Cafeteria like set up

Grilled Chicken and Pork ($11.50) were both really dry and bland. The best part of the dinner combo was the potato which has a tangy flavour.

Buy 9 get one free. I don't think I can eat 9 of those..."
"The staffs at this Second Cup are nice and sweet here...

Since Williams Pub Coffee is closed right across the street.. this is the closest coffee shop with Free Wifi access aside from the Starbucks down the street.

Music is relaxing from Sirius - ""The Blend""... some might like it, some might not...

But one thing really tick me off is there are not outlets available at all!! Even the one I found at the side is taped up by duct tape...

OK.. I get the message... make sure you charged up your electronic gadgets or bring a second batteries... and just limit your stay...."
"$5.95 for a Chicken Pad Thai with drink at Wiang Kuk Thai Food!

Price wise it is excellent.. but sadly the Pad Thai is just meh... All the noodles are stuck together and a little cold... tasted like it  was not cooked when ordered.. maybe I am asking too much? It is really a fast food place in First Markham Place...

The mango salad ($3.95) though is great and the portion is decent... a little light on the dressing.. I am eating that as my dessert salad! :)

Spring Rolls ($2) is not bad at all.. at least it is hot and fresh!

Wiang Kuk does have a lot of potential to be a great little Thai takeout place... a little more spice, a little more herbs, a little more Thai authenticity... just that a little more!"
"I am a little disappointed with St. Louis 's ribs...

The price on a Saturday night is not bad at all $14.99 of a whole rack of back ribs with fries and coleslaw. 

A whole rack? I usually cannot eat a whole rack by myself..but when my waitress served me this smallish ribs... with hardly any meat... I think I will need 2 of those in order to fill me up.. why am I feeling like I am a pig?

The rib though is a little dry.. The fries are like frozen variety from the supermarket...

At least I enjoy my half pint of Rolling Rock ($3.99)

FYI, you would need to order a beverage in order to take advantage of the specials.

Maybe I come back for the wings special on another day.... but I think have to pass on the ribs.

This St Louis' s location is a little smallish.. but they do have 4 different TVs all set on different sport games and even have UFC if it is your thing."
"Pho Pasteur does NOT serve the Best Pho in Toronto! But at 3 in the morning and you are hungry and no other Vietnamese restaurants are open in the wee hours.. this is the BEST Pho one can get!! 

Up in the boring suburbs where I live, there are not many places that are open 24 hours/7 aside from MacDonald's and Tim Hortons.. and what do you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are hungry.. and do you want a Big Mac? Not really, I rather just starve.... 

Pho with Rare Beef ($7.99) small 
- compare to what I been paying in Scarborough where a small is $5.99 that's definitely a lot pricier.. (yes I need to get over it! It is DT, not Scarbrough!) 
- Broth is well flavoured and has this salty rich meaty taste.. the more you drink, the more you get thirsty! :) 
- Noodles are the dried type, but cooked proper with no funny taste 
- Size wise is decent.. a small size is great as a midnight snack! 

Services here is fast and efficient.... my request for extra fresh chili peppers were fulfilled and he got me 3 extra large one!! Those were so spicy, and brought tears of joy to my eyes! 

Pho Pasteur probably would not be my choice Vietnamese Pho joint if others in the area are opened... but it would be the best choice if nothing else are open!! 

CASH Only!"
"This review is not based on the historical aspect or the Museum itself. But how the ground was utilized to host cultural, arts, family and culinary events.

The location is quite accessible by TTC as Streetcar 509 stop right at the entrance. 

Fort York though now surrounded by condo developments still have a decent view and since the ground has a lot of open space. 

I would be back if any organizer host other events that would be of interest to me. And next time, I would even come back to visit the Museum."
"Club 300 Bowl brings back a lot of memories....... In fact it just looked identicial as I remembered years ago....

In other word, Club 300 Bowl is quite dated in deco and facilities.

Look for specials on their website! Now they are offereing $25+HST for 1 hour of unlimited bowling with 4 shoes rental on Sundays.

I am definitely not a fan of Cosmic Bowling, the lights and the sounds just made me dizzy... Maybe a drink or 2 will get me into the groove?

24 hours 7 days a week of bowling fun!"
"Fraticelli's is so nicely decorated in the theme closed to  Moxie and Milestone. Dark wooden furnitures, dimmed lightings and comfy booth seatings.

The menu is quite interesting with a twist to the traditional items. (a lot of the dishes are a little spicy twist to them!!) 

The free bread are freshly made in house... with a olive oil dipping mixed with mushroom, chilli pepper and herbs. Just has the perfect kick.

There are quite a few selections of Bellini.. I settled for a Blood Orange Bellini ($7.50) which was nicely presented and is deliciously good..

The Florentina Pizza ($15) I ordered was just ok.. I found that it is really a healthy option since it is on a flat bread (low carb) with hardly any sauce (only olive puree) with spinach (yes raw spinach) and sundried tomato and smoked chicken (hardly have any protein since there were hardly any) and goat cheese. Now my craving for unhealthy food is so intense after eating that...

The Spaghetti del Pascatore ($20) is a different story.. It is loaded with fresh seafood: mussels, clams, squids and shrimps all cooked to perfection. The tomato white wine sauce has a little spiciness to it and the pasta are cooked al dente with a lot of bite to it! And there are 3 fresh cheeses to choose from to be added to the pasta when they serves you!

The services are nice, attentive and friendly.. we felt really welcome and all our requests were honoured without any questions.

They have this really nice lounge area on the other side of the restaurants that is opened till late so might be a good place if you looking to go for a night cap with that special someone!"
"Kai Feng Fu Noodle House has $9.99 pint Amber draft beer and hand made noodle.. 
My kind of place!

Spicy enough to make my Yelp friend rolls his eyes.. 

My kind of place!

Machine Made Noodle with Chili Sauce ($5.99) has a nice flavour spicy and sour, that was quite addictive. 

Hand Made Longevity Noodles in Soup ($6.99) is a healthy option in a clear broth with fresh tomato slices, vegetables, mushroom and a poached  egg.  Noodle is thin and long, chewy and has a nice bite!

There are other unique offerings: Carp with Fried Noodles in Sweet and Sour Sauce ($19.99), Five Spice Lamb Tripe ($8.99), Lamb in Garlic Sauce ($9.99), Lamb Lung & Tripe Soup ($7.99)... Now I know why my Yelp friend got a little excited.

And why was he kept eating my spicy noodle?!"
"I am going to rate Very Fair Seafood Restaurant based on the banquet experience I had this weekend. 

I do have high expectation with the banquet since it cost $800 that includes taxes and tips. $80 per head, that sounded like a good meal. 

The night we were there for the banquet, the whole restaurant was fully booked with 3 different celebrations. I think because the restaurant was so busy, they really over extended their staffs! It really affect the services. 

The food was quite good, especially the Deep Fried Stuffed Crab Claws and the Shark Fin Soup. The crab claws were nice and big hardly with any fillings and the shark fin soup was nice with tons of shark fins inside (sorry poor sharks..) 

Aside from that the other dishes were just OK. The steamed fishes I will say is the worse of them all. They did not taste too fresh and they over steamed them. The lobsters were pretty small, we just have 3 little pieces each. 

I have to say our waitress did over work!! She alone has to serve 3 tables!! That included bringing the dishes out, have it distributed on individual plates for each guests. The way she was dumping the dish on our table and throwing the food quickly on the individual dishes... She insisted us to help her clean the table by putting our used dishes out and piled them up for her. 

The beers were just all left on our table. They were lure warm!! We asked if she can get us some cold one... She was so reluctant.. saying she is really busy...... even after she got us the beers later, they were not cold at all, but at least not warm. 

With the price they are charging for the banquet, maybe I have a high expectation and of course I was disappointed."
"Arriving on a Sunday around 9:15 am and that was no wait for a table of 2. Though busy but the turnover rate was fast as a lot of the patrons were family and they did not linger too long after they finished their meals.

The food here is fresh and delicious! Almost everything is made in house. I can taste the care and the attention of details they put in their dish!

biscuit and gravy ($11) with a side order of bacon ($4)
quiche of the day ($12)

Quiche was just heavenly! Love the butter crust! The texture was smooth, creamy and rich. Similar to creme brulee! Pro Tip: Skip Fruit Salad Side, though has a good mixture of fruits but it did not taste fresh. 

And make sure you order bacon, you won't regret that.

Coffee ($3) might be one of the weakest link. It was served lukewarm and tasted muddy. 

Service was friendly but since the restaurant was quite busy, you do need to wave the staff down if you want refills and other request.

Their doughnuts and buttermilk biscuits can be order to go. Good option if you don't feel like waiting for a table but just want a snack."
"I don't get a Parking Ticket that often. The secret is just not even bother driving downtown. 

I get pissed when I was just 3 minute over my paid time, I ran and ran and trying to get pay for more parking time... and then I saw a ticket on my windshield!!!

Are these people hiding in the corner... just waiting for my ticket to expire? 

Why these people don't go ticket those people that are park ILLEGALLY or even blocking others??"
"I am surprise how busy the Drive Thur at this Starbucks!! There are always at least a few cars lining up for coffees.

The store inside though is pretty quiet. Only have a handful of tables... and 3 armchairs.

There are 2 entrances, one right by the armchair where I was seated so it might get a little chilly on a winter day!"
"It is nice to see that the newest location of Touhenboku Ramen trying to expand their menu during dinner time to includes Izakaya style item. 

However, most of those we ordered were a miss or just so so.

We shared:

Eggplant with Minced Pork ($6.95) - Meh Chinese dish?

Ebimayo ($9.50) Shallow Fried Prawns with Spicy Chipotle Sauce - The batter just super thick

Karaage-Negimabushi ($7.50) Deep Fried Crispy Chicken Marinated in a spicy Scallion Sauce - The Best dish compared to others that we ordered

Godzilla's Egg ($6.50) Deep Fried Ground Beef Ball with Soft Boiled Egg - Meh, but the idea is interesting

For Ramen we tried the Red Miso Soup based ($10.50+$1.50) which was delicious and the noodle has a good bite.

For dessert we shared the Millie Crepe ($5.50) which was good but the Dense Chocolate Cake ($5.50) tasted so dry and hard.

It is good that Touhenboku trying to offer other option aside from Ramen but for the time being I would say it is not working.... I would stay with their ramen. And maybe the patrons knows, as no other tables order anything else but noodle!

Service though was excellent!"
"Artisano Bakery Cafe really reminds me of Panera Bread which I frequented in my hood.

But with more items aside from sandwiches on the menu, the cashiers were slow in taking order and then the kitchen got really overwhelmed and the lines started building!

I dropped by wanting to get a coffee... I know Tim Hortons just across the street, I should have went there instead. The line here move so slowly..... 5 minutes later I am still lining up.. I just want a coffee!

$2 for a bottomless coffee is not too bad since Artisano has unlocked WIFI access.. but this is definitely not a good place to have enjoy your coffee leisurely and get some work done. The seating arrangement are kind of boring too, all cafeteria style seating.... 

How come the line still NOT moving!!? 

I guess I should go somewhere else!"
"Another Starbucks opens up in the area.

Spacious interior with high ceiling. Love the huge storefront windows facing Queen St. There are even hooks underneath the bar seating area for jackets and handbags.

Music though maybe a little loud.

Tons of electric outlets if you need to charge up your gadgets.

Not a bad place to hang out especially after 7 pm when most of the Indie Coffee Shops in the area is closed."
"This review is based on the lunch specials for Jubilee Cafe.

I have to tell you, this place is busy for lunch! I was there at around 2 pm.. and every single table was occupied! 

Daily lunch specials starting from $4.99 that includes a choice of Chinese/Western soup and a hot drink.

I decide on the Chinese soup and the beef brisket stired fried rice noodle ($5.99). The Chinese soup tasted really home made, not laced with MSG. The size of the noodle was perfect for me and it was nicely presented with veggies. The beef brisket were tender and tasty... Yes I finished the whole thing! :)

BTW, even if you order from the regular menu, all the dishes comes with a free hot drink!

I will be definitely be back for lunch again! :)"
"Lot 30 Brewers is one of the breweries we visited on our little brewery tour in the West End.

A place with a lot of potential. We ordered a beer flight and really enjoyed their offerings. The flight was nicely set up in cute little samplers. 

The vibe though a little old school and dark. The interior feels tiring. We were not even sure that it was opened as it looked empty and closed!

Maybe it would have been better if we were here on a weekend evening when things is happening? I really want to experience the real Lot 30!

Suggestion: Maybe some happy hour offerings during slower down time. I am of course always looking for a deal!"
"Kensington Market might be a little touristy sometimes but I like how the neighbourhood been evolving. 

Every time when I am down there wandering around, there are always new places to eat and drink. New coffee shops to chill a little or new place to pick up some snacks.

Made me feel like a tourist myself too!"
"Drinks- 4 stars
Love the cocktail menu. Good selections and every single ingredients in the mix are listed.
The Pimms Cup ($10) I ordered is delicious and refreshing. There are dices of fresh fruits: orange, strawsberry, blueberrys and cucumber slice, mixed with  Pimms #1 which gives a hint of spice and critus. Really fruity indeed but not sweet, my kind of drink!

Deco - 3.5 stars
Great open space. Interesting decorations: reuse of hardware items. The only thing I have to complain is the lighting. It got really so dim and all the food they serve just looks like dark/brown in colour.. (maybe it is good that I did not realize what I was eating!) 

Services - 2 stars
The ""Please Leave Me Alone"" hostess in the front was really laid back. When I told her we just have something light, she said oh just sit at the bar. I found the bar seatings not too comfy, I really cannot be bouncing up and down and have a drink that will make me sick. Finally, we got moved to a communal table. The place is half emptied, I really don't see the problem.

Food - 1.5 stars
The menu is interesting but really you really do need to make them taste good with the prices you are charging. Since with the dim lighting, customers cannot see the presentation.. and even if it is nicely presented but it does not taste good. 
The Roasted bone marrow was so undercook, it is practically raw inside...  that taste is so overwhelming sickening.  Unluckily I have the one served at Black Hoof if not I will never ever eat this again in my life.
The other dish we ordered were average, not really worth the price they are charging!

I would have give 4 stars if I just rating Parts and Labour as a bar and on the drinks alone... But their food menu left me so disappointed. This place have great potential just ned to work on improving on the quality of their food!

They accepts all credit cards."
"I tried this studio using my passport to prana back in July. And I fell in love with their Therapeutic/Restorative Yoga Class!

I have to say they have the BEST Restorative Yoga Class in the GTA!

The class is so relaxing and there and tons of props to help with the poses. The best is the different essential oil they let you smell and that make the experience so relaxing.. And the little massages here and there.... sigh... heavenly!

At the end of the class, our instructor will help us wrap ourselves in blankets..with the eye pillow....

I wish this class will never end!

BTW, the props are not really clean.. I would advice bring a towel to put on top of the props and bring your own eye pillow!"
"Back here Mi-Ne Japanese for dinner and really enjoyed my

Chirashi ($17.95) has such good selections of fish: BC Tuna, Tuna, Salmon, Salmon Roe, Tobiko....

All nicely presented and artfully waiting for me to enjoy!

One of the best Chirashi in the area at this price point!! 

Now I know where to fulfill my sashimi craving! Mi-Ne is the one!"
"2.5 Star 

Kung Fu Chop Chop is not a martial Art School but a place for Chinese food. Their specialty seems to be in BBQ and Taiwanese Style Bento box which is good for a quick lunch.

Just opened a few days ago and staff all still in training, there are definitely rooms for improvement. I like how management was presented and able to address concern directly from customers.

We were here for a late lunch early afternoon tea. Quite a few of the items were not available and trying to order can be a little challenging. 

We ended up sharing: 

Lunch Bento with 3 items ($7.99): BBQ Pork, Beans with Minced Meat and Salt Pepper Chicken - I do not like food that has been under heat lamp for a long time. Beans was soggy and the chicken was not crispy. Stay with BBQ items might be a better choice.

Noodle in Spicy and Sour Soup ($5.99) -  Made to Order but worth the wait. Better than the pre  prepared food under the heat lamp. Portion is big, great for sharing! 

Since Kung Fu Chop Chop is so new and still working on numerous issue, I would give it another try. Especially they are offering 20% off Grand Opening Special till at least August."
"All I remembered I was hungry?

All I remembered I ate some poutine with meat inside?

All I remembered I was happy?

All I remembered I didn't line up or went inside because I needed fresh air?

I now finally have a taste of the poutine at Resto La Banquise!

All I remembered it was quite a walk back to the metro station.....

All I remembered I had something to drink?

Why my photos all blurry?"
"It is hard not to compare Gong Cha Tea to Chatime just up the street.

Came by on a weekday afternoon when it was not busy. There were just a couple of people in front of me. So I placed my order and wait for my number to be called. It did take a long time for everyone to get their drinks. I waited and waited and waited and no one was even calling any numbers and just let our orders piled up behind the counter.... 

How's the drink? I ordered something similar as Chatime: Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jelly. There were hardly any grass jelly, the tea was not as smooth and hardly any tea taste.... FAIL

Slow and Unorganized with So So products, I doubt I would be back!"
"Newest McDonald's in the area! 

Love the newer design. Tons of outlets everywhere to charge up whatever gadgets you have. 

3 large TVs, maybe it is not a bad place to watch some LIVE sports.

And of course Free Wifi!

Waiting for your numbers to call to pick up your food is not a bad idea and hopefully the system would be faster after their grand opening madness."
"ESC-IT is the first ever real life escape games I participated, so I have no reference to how it is compared to other similar business.

But it was fun!! 

The rooms that we played were both well set up and spacious. We ended up solving the Bedroom Nightmare (3/5) and Cryptic Cellar (3.5/5) which were fun and challenging. 

The staff here is really patient and encouraging. 

I definitely will be coming back again to play with my friends and try out other rooms."
"This Second Cup is located right across the street from The Mad Bean (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-mad-bean-toronto) and down the street from Starbucks! Talking about competitions!!

Second Cup will be the only choice because The Mad Bean is closed at 5 pm... so if you come by the evening hours.. then Second Cup will be my choice.

I do enjoy the vast choice of drip coffees at Second Cup VS Starbucks which usually limited to 3."
"If you wants to be feel nostalgic, you might like it here at Books Cafe & Things.

You will find yourself surrounded by antiques, old books, CDs and old Country music while you surf on the internet. That might be your only connections here to the modern life.

Sipping my tea while listening to folks talking about Hockey: contracts, lockout, fighting... 

A small stage in the middle of the cafe which Live music events are held on Saturdays and even has Psychic Reading sessions every Saturdays.

If nostalgic is your thing or you want a change of scenery, Books Cafe & Things might be your kind of Cafe."
"What if one night 3 of your favourite teams are playing at the same time, and you just have 1 TV at home?  Maybe come to this Boston Pizza's location would have made you really happy?

With 4 TVs right at the bar area showing Raptors, Red Wings/Boston and Blue Jays games at the same time and numerous TVs around tuned into Raptors' Playoffs game, You won't miss ANYTHING!

Beers on drafts are a little boring. But if you are into Canadian or Coors, they do have a pitcher special on Game Night.

Tuesday is Pasta Night $10.99 which is not a bad deal. Seafood Linguine was meh.. 

And for me, I am just happy to drink my beer at the bar and watch my teams win!"
"Jack Flaps is a cute breakfast/brunch place in the neighbourhood. 

We arrived on a Tuesday late morning and just skip the breakfast rush to an empty restaurant. The interior is homey and casual. The service was friendly.

We ordered to share:

Original Buttermilk Pancake ($7) crispy outside but soft are fluffy inside

Breakfast Banh Mi ($9) which I enjoyed but the balance of sweet, savory, sour and spicy was a little off but still enjoyable. The colourful elements did make it's instagram worthy!

Jack Flaps is a great cafe if you comfort food prepares with good ingredients and with a small twist."
"The Outer Layer is the funniest store on this whole Annex strip for browsing!! 

They have so much and varieties wise so interesting! 

Love their jewellery collection with necklace and charm for around $25..which makes a wonderful gifts. 

Here you can find gifts for anyone that you know... and some of them are quite unique and useful.

I for sure will drop by The Outer Layer whenever I am in the area!"
"4 Star for the Concept - 3 Star for the food

Cultural Cafe has my full support at what they trying to establish. Giving VIP (visually impaired person) a chance to work in a normal cafe setting. 

Located in Gibon Centre with ample parking and seating area. 

Their daily rice bowl offering for $5.50 tax in is quite a bargain. Nothing gourmet but more like everyday home cooking. My Curry Fish Ball + Beef Ball ($2) is so so but I did not expect much and I felt like I was supporting a good cause.

Give them a try if you are in the area. I wish more projects likes Cultural Cafe around to help the unfortunate opportunities to have different working experience."
"Senwell Vegetarian Cuisine is a Vegetarian restaurant that serves Singaporean, Malaysian and Thai cuisine. 

Lunch Specials are $5.99 which have a good selections of rice dishes, soup noodles or stir-fried noodles, comes with a soup and a choice of beverages.

Curry Laksa extra spicy was spicy! There are 2 kind of noodles mixed in and with some tofu puffs. The mock fish balls were a little depressing...small and tasted funny. The fresh tomato in the soup base was a nice touch!!

Services is really friendly as they just opened and the staffs are willing to please.

I will come back to Senwell with my Hot Yoga Date and some of my vegetarian friends to try out more items on the menu. But it is great that a ""Spicy"" vegetarian restaurant like Senwell open up that has a reasonable price in suburbs!!"
"I do ""Trust The Barista"" ($12), especially the one at Pilot Coffee Roasters.

The Opening hour here is a little awkward. If you are working some regular office hour (9-5 M-F), you might never able to come to experience the Tasting Bar unless it is your day off. But I tell you, it is well worth it if you are an avid coffee lover.

Of course you can also just order what you like off the menu. Pour over, Chemex, Espresso, Cold Brew. Talk to the nice barista if you are not sure what to order. But if you have time, I definitely recommend the tasting menu.

3 different roasts with 3 different brewing methods.

BTW, I have always been a Tre Aro and Crafted fans so I really enjoyed my experience here.

Maybe one day I can do some coffee cupping here. 

The aroma of roast coffee beans on site is just so intoxicating."
"It is so hard for me to get desserts at Full House Desserts. 

I dropped by too early that they are not open!
I dropped by and they suppose to be open but they are not open!

Finally I drop by they are half open! It is a Saturday night at 9:30 pm. All the tables and chairs were stacked together. No one in the front cash. Half of the metal railing was pulled down. Oh they said they almost sold out of everything and they are closing soon! hmmm.. Just take out and with limited choices.

I am a huge FAN of durian. Yes I know it is smelly to some one i.e. my boyfriend.. but I just love the smell. I have to admit that my dog loves that smell too! When I start eating  my Sago with Durian and Mango ($6.50), my dog was really looking at me with hungry eyes and want to have a share of that! Yes it is delicious, and the durian meat inside is huge meatball sized. (BTW, durian being the King of Calories in fruits are all forgotten!)

The nice lady said I should always call before I drop by because they close/open whenever they like or when they sold out!.. That is so so encouraging!"
"If you looking for some non Chinese food option inside First Market Place's food court, Korean Food Express is one of the choices... 

(Why I am looking for non Chinese Food in FMP is another story....)

Samgyetang ($8.95)
- Strong aroma for ginseng with thin sliced of ginseng
- 1/2 young chicken stuffed with rice and dates...
- really comforting for on this rainy/cloudy afternoon

Korean lady is really friendly and nice... will answer all sort of questions about the menu.

I will be here for Naengmyeon ($6.95) next time!!!"
"Gurts has these pretty and cute cookies!! 

I can imagine the kids goes crazy for them... They are huge too...and just too pretty to be eaten! 

Huge Cupcakes ($3.35) definitely I need to share that with someone...There are also Dates Square, Chocolate Sammie and much much more

All the baked goods are prepared in house using fresh ingredients.. I can smell the carbs in the air right when I walked in.

The staff is super nice.. even let me sample one of their fat-free and all natural frozen yogurt. The Honolulu Coconut is so rich in flavour and creamy... you sure that is fat free?! 

There are some seating if you want to hang out and have a cup of coffee or hot chocolate or their loose leaf tea.......

I like!"
"Eating Wonton Noodle Soup gives me a certain kind of comfort! 

Hot soup, Big shrimp wonton, Chili oil makes the meal complete.

Wonton and Fish Ball Noodle ($5.50) really hit the spot. But for some, the portion might be consider as a snack.

Service here is fast and simple. Order, Eat and Pay!"
"Lunch Special: Sapporo with Any Ramen for $12....

Really?! This maybe one of the best lunch special I had for awhile....

Drinking my iced cold beer and slurping my bowl of ramen did put me in a good mood... and I ended up ordering a Millie Crepes ($5.50) as dessert too. 

Staff in the restaurant is really friendly and helpful. Helped me with picking the soup based and the thickness of the noodle. I really enjoyed my ramen.

I will be back to try out other items but I will for sure save room for the Millie Crepes!"
"The smell of food... Good Food 

The moment I walked into the doors of Forno Cultura, I know I will like this place.

As I watched the kitchen staff busy cooking, baking and craving that fresh from the oven porchetta, I know I will like this place.

Rustic Artisan bread, Biscotti, Cookies all looked so tempting and delicious and I just feel like getting one each of everything?!. I know I will like this place.

Hazelnut this Almond that, I am just glad I am not allergic to thing yet and I love carbs...

Walking out with a big grin with my biscotti....

I love Forno Cultura!

P.S. Or if you live in Vaughan, drop by and visit Aida's Pine Valley Bakery http://www.yelp.ca/biz/aidas-pine-valley-bakery-woodbridge#hrid:lVEiU7e5h7z2PJMGKgPWVA, you will be pleasantly surprised to find out how it runs in the family...."
"Hidden at the back of Fairview Mall and right across from the Library.

Designated parking spots right in front of the entrance. I usually come and pick up something after chilling in the library. 

Good neighbourhood LCBO, decent selections for the regular items."
"I have no intention to go and have lunch at Szechuan Legend Restaurant. . but when I walked by and saw the lunch specials for $5.99.. that just pulled me in!! 

Szechuan Legend is a newly opened restaurant at Commerce Gate, the same plaza as Asian Legend. 

Lunch Serves from 11 - 3 pm 

Beef and Noodle Soup ($5.99) with choice of Hot and Sour Soup or Soy Milk drink 
- The soup based is so spicy.. sour spiciness with a touch of peppercorn! My lips were burning and my tummy was so warm and I was sweating when I eating this!! 
- The Beef is the brisket type. So they are tender and soft 
- Noodle is quite standard... but is the more doughy northern type 

I love the great selections of lunch items here!! And I think the level of spiciness is the way it should be...it is as authentic as how Szechuan food should be like!! 

Prices wise, they are really reasonable! And they have Grand Opening 10% off even for the lunch prices!!!"
"A review won't be complete if I do not come here for dinner to try out their dinner dishes..

We order the:
- Grouper and Tofu in hot pot
- Mixed Mushrooms with veggie
- Beef with Mushroom sauteed in special sauce

They are all really good! The grouper are fresh and the meat flaky. The beef really tender. And the portion is perfect.

The only thing they don't provide as comp is the daily soup... but the comp dessert more than make up for that.

BTW, they have 10% off Grand Opening Special for dine in and take out! Take advantage of that while you can!"
"Usually I dislike shopping or even browsing at The Brick.

Most of the furniture they carries looks cheaply made, outdated and cheesy.

Grand Opening special is sweet at 33% off and the selection of this new The Brick is a lot modern and functional even good for condos!

Even the salesperson that shown me around is nice and not pushy at all. 

I will be back. It is just fun trying to find that perfect love seat...."
"3.5

Santa Maria Grill shares the same storefront with a Convenience Store.  When you walk in, it is on your right hand side at the back area.

20% off walk in order

Mixed Shawarma Wrap ($7.49 with discount $5.99) is quite filling with all the meat and toppings! I would suggest though go for either chicken or beef not mixed then at least you know exactly what protein you are eating.

Great for lunch. And I will be back for a quick bite if I have craving for a hearty sandwich. 

There are also some seating if you do want to dine in."
"Here for a revisit using my Passport to Prana 2010.

Yes the restorative class is still as good as I remembered!! This is really the only classes I ever took in any of the studios that use essential oils and give us a armotherapeutic experience!

I know some people are sensitive to smell! However, for the rest, this is the best restorative yoga that one can get!

Wish I can do this every night!"
"Hmmmm

At Market Village, serving HK style Western food....

Good cheap place for a cheap eat.... You can get what you pay for.

You will be full when you leave.. but does not make you excited and want to go back.

The food is medicore..service is ok."
"Byblos is one of those perfect date spot or for a girl's night out!

The entrance is small and unassuming. The interior of the restaurant though modern and chic, I can almost say a little clubby.

Service is excellent. Our waiter is so knowledgeable and excited about the menu.

Cocktails to Start: 

Nightingale Sour ($14) - fruity and well balanced!
Cucumber & Mint Swizzle ($14) - so refreshing! A twist on Mojito!

Small Plates:

Lamb Ribs ($14) Dukkah + Buttermilk Sauce + Carob Molasses + Red Chili Schug
- Off the bone tender with right touch of spices. 

Crispy Eggplant ($12) Tahini Aioli + Bayildi Sauce + Basturma
- I found this dish so so. muted on taste
Rice Plates to Share:

Oxtail Basmati Rice ($22) Bing Cherries + Kale + Fried Shallots + House Yogurt
- Love the deep fried kale and the oxtail so soft and tender

Dessert to End: 

Saffron Semi Freddo ($8)

Everything was served beautifully with excellent plating. Love all the colourful elements a contrast to the white deco!

Byblos is a fun and interesting place to come with friends to share some small plate or with some one special for special occasions.

Price point though is on the $$$ side but it is downtown after all and not too many restaurants can dish out what they are serving with that much class as Byblos!"
"I love Seafood and I am so glad that Diana's now opens in Markham!

Love the interior decor and it is more plushy than other restaurants in the area. I highly recommend coming here with your date if she/he is a seafood lover and you ready to impress with your wallet.

I really enjoy the Seafood Paella ($30) and the Fish of the Day ($27): lightly breaded pan fried. For Appetizer: I opt for the fresh uni ($15). The lobster bisque ($8) though really disappointing. I was back to the Clam Chowder and I did not like it either.

I like the varieties of oysters that are available. But seriously, Kumamoto for $5 each? I think this is way over priced especially Diana's is a wholesaler of Oysters! 

Diana's does offers oyster special on Tuesdays but only on Malpeques and Fanny Bays. And for other type, good luck!"
"Nice Patio!

Cocktails (Manhattan/Apricot Sour) are $8+ and only 1.5 oz small and weak

Awesome Patio!

Chicken Wings ($13) is expensive and hot sauce is meh

Huge Patio!

Services is slow and our drinks took forever to arrive, my friend almost fell asleep waiting for that

South of Temperance is only really worth 2 star but that patio worth that extra 1 star. If you into waitress in tight black mini skirt or suits and smoking cigars on patio is your thing, maybe this is a place for you! I have no interest in all the above!"
"Marish's Boulangerie is a cute little French cafe, it seems to be the only French bakery in the Port Credit area.

Their pastries and baked goods looks really good and tasty. Price wise it is a little more pricer..but it is nice to enjoy some quality pastries after a walk around the area.

Staffs are nice and friendly. The Dark Chocolate Creme Brulee ($5.65) definitely really great in my photo!! And trust me, it tasted as delicious as it looked!"
"Another studio I used my passport to prana for my free class!

When I drove by the studio, I just could not see the sign... Where is this Moksha. So I decide to find a free parking by the side street instead of those paid spaces on Danforth. Finally I saw someone carrying a yoga mat..so I just followed him.. and there I went up to this narrow stairs to the studio.

The class I took was a Yin Class. This studio has blankets, bolsters, strips and blocks for us to use as Props. The teacher was really attentative and help us to get in and out of the poses and do adjustment for us too.

I really enjoyed the class. I felt relax and Zen after all the stretching and mediating!

I hope I will go back to this studio for another Yin class soon!"
"Le Paradis Brasserie has such nice patios, both front and back! I would have really enjoy my lunch if I able to get a table there... but unfortunately if it was raining, I got one of tables inside the stuffy dining room. 

Lunch Specials always the way to go!! They have reasonable daily lunch specials written on the chalkboard or in the paper menu that has open sandwiches with choice of a cold or hot soup and choice of salad or frites for $10. 

Decisions! Decisions! Which sandwich should I have?? How about the soup?? oh should I be healthy and go for salad but frites supposed to be really good here!! 

Grilled Salmon Sandwich with Cold Cucumber Soup and Spring Salad 
- Chilled Cucumber Soup for sure is the highlight of my lunch. Zesty, refreshing and seasoned really well... spoon licking delicious! 
- The sandwich is A-OK... seasoned with a dash of herb vinaigrette 
- Salad is a disappointment, just a boring boring salad that is not even fresh! Go for the frites!! 

Services was excellent!! I feel welcome and comfortable dining here as a single diner... nothing to complain when my waiter kept coming around checking on me and feed me more baguette!!"
"What not to love about Pita Golden Pocket?

The moment I walked in I came face to face with meat. I was even offered some free sample even though I know exactly what I want!

Shawarma Pita ($7.99) piled high with chicken while the nice man behind the counter trying to convince me to top it with every single topping until it would explose then rolled it in a pita bread that was cut in half. Amba Sauce? Hummus? Garlic Sauce? Hot Sauce? 

Eyeing my lunch nicely squeezed and rolled, I can foresee what I messy it would be when I start eating that! But making a mess is half the fun! My Yelp friend kept shaking his head while sitting far far away from me... with jalapeno rolling all over the place!

Falafel ($6.99) Pita though has the same topping but lack the meaty smokey flavours. I have not idea when my Yelp friend becomes vegetarian? But he kept eyeing my chicken and asked if I should just cut that half with a knife? Why?!! Why?!!

Pita Golden Pocket is to date one of the best Shawarma I had. Love the people working there, so friendly and cheerful!

I will be back!"
"Nitrogen Ice Cream in Markville Mall! Love the newest location of Lab Sense Ice Cream.

Came on a weekday afternoon and was served right away. The only disappointment was they don't have Black Rice.

Yuzu Orange tasted fresh, creamy and tart. Really refreshing for a hot summer afternoon. A little pricey but definitely worth the price for the more unique flavour profile.

The store itself is small but pretty in pink. 

I will love to come back and try out other flavours when I am shopping in Markville Mall next time."
"The nice employees of this Teavana located inside Vaughan Mills are the most helpful and courteous sales I encountered in a tea shop.

He really took the time and the interest in finding out what kind of tea I like and offers me samples. Even spent the time to demo how their ""Perfect Tea Maker"" works. Now I can tell that special someone what I want for my birthday.

Tea selections are decent. I usually prefer to do some research online at their website and then go into the store to actually smell the tea leaf before my purchase.

A little tea bar on site if you prefer to even have a cup of their tea!"
They are CLOSED!!
"Brand New Food Basic!

Definitely clean and nice, without any funny smell!

Ample parking... since hardly anyone goes there as it is in a new sub division.

Open Daily from 8 am to 10 pm, with longer hours than Leo's No Frills down the street that closes at 9 pm on weekdays and even earlier on weekends!

Accepts all credit cards!!

Staffs here are nice and friendly, that's always the case when the business is new!"
"I never intended to go to Jeon Ju Hyang Korean Restaurant! I was supposed to be going next door to have a bowl of Pho at Pho 88. I felt sorry when I walked by and this place is empty and they seems to be just coming up since their Grand Opening Specials won't be starting till April 15! 

This place though has all the Chinese character/posters at the front door, it is runned by Korean. At least the 2 wait staffs are Korean speaking. 

The prices seems reasonable.. the pork bone soup/spicy seafood noodles/traditional Korean noodle with chicken or beef all priced at $6.95. 

However they don't have any soup noodle or any form of noodles today! I was disappointed... so I ended up ordering the Bibimbop ($9.95). 

The appetizers were all quite good.. with 7 of them (kimchi, peanuts, bean sprouts, potatoes etc.) The bibimbop has a good mixture of fresh vegetables inside (carrots, mushroom, bean sprouts, cumcumbers) ... But I do feel really healthy eating that! The vegetables soup though has a lot of veg inside but I found it a little too salty for my taste. 

The services of course is good.. since really I am the only one eating there for lunch! 

They should have some lunch specials so more customers will come in! 

However, I will be back to try out their Grand Opening specials Pork Galbi for $8.99 next week! 

They don't accept credit card, interac and cash only."
"Delicious Seafood & Steak does have a delicious grand opening special: everything 50% off for 10 days!!

Opens from 8 am in time for breakfast till 11 pm,  here you can get all your Hong Kong Style Cafe comfort food fix.

Afternoon tea starting from 2:30 pm

We shared:

French Pork Chop Baguette ($6.50)
- tender and juicy grilled pork chop with an onion gravy
- I will order that again

Seafood Linguine in Tomato Sauce ($5.99)
- I can made way better version
- canned sauces, horrible frozen seafood

All sets comes with coffee and tea.

Quite standard selections but worth a try if you are the area. Especially during their grand opening special.

Cash only!"
"Opens 24 hours

Free Wifi with tons of outlet

Plenty of seating

Even a covered patio with outlet...

Laptop heaven!

I ended up having an afternoon nap here while my friend using Yelp App to find out where we would be having dinner!"
"I just love places that offers daily specials! Dub Linn Gate does have so many different offerings for Happy Hour and Daily specials!

Steam Whistle and Wings Special ($10.99) on Wednesday is a Sweet Hot Deal! What's better than water down your Hot wings with a cold local beer at a good price! The wings is quite tasty and great as a late night snack!

Music definitely can be a little loud in the bar area even on a weeknight after 10 pm! Just ask the server to sit you at the back, far far away from the loud music, then everything is alright!

Service is efficient and friendly. 

Drinks and Food Specials everyday?! Yes I will be back again!"
"3 star for food , 3.5 for service + 0.5 star for creativity and lunch special offer!

aka Teppan is a newly open Japanese Fusion restaurant in First Markham Place. Cool place for young people or the young at heart. Menu is interesting and unique with items you cannot find in other restaurants in the area.

We shared

Handmade Molten Cheesy Hamburg Steak ($6.99) 手製流心漢堡扒
- 3 mini patty with melted cheese and onion stuffed inside

Lunch Special: Supreme Beef ($6.99) 極上牛肉 
- comes with a choice of pop 
- black pepper and herb butter added flavour to the rice 
- beef is plentiful and tender
- DIY instructions is kind of cute

aka Teppan dessert offerings is quite tempting: Molecular Foam, Tiramisu thats serves in a planter and they offers Japanese tea inspired drinks: Furano Lavender Milk Tea , Black Beans & Rice Maccho.

I guess I will be coming back as I am still young at heart. Or I can always have a Sapporo for $3.99 here too!"
"Arisu is not a Izakaya as it tried to brand itself when it first opened... now it is really a Japanese and Korean restaurant.

I was hungry as usual after the October 30 day Challenge party. Korea town seems to be a good options as places are closing late and the price point quite reasonable. Then I saw Arisu....

Nice Korean staffs here were really friendly. I think wait staffs usually nice to me especially when I am dining alone... maybe they feeling sorry for me?

Seafood Soon Tofu ($7.50)
- tons of seafood: squids, little octopus, shrimp, mussels
- Tofu though a little overcooked, not as silky as it suppose to be

The well prepared Banchans were super fresh and tasty. The owner kept asking if I need more and happy to give me as much refills as I need.

Lunch Specials seems to be a much better deal compare to the dinner menu, maybe I need to come back to try out other items on the menu."
"Opens 24/7

If you have cravings for comfort food, look no further than Magic Noodle! On a rainy night or 3 am when you have this ""I need something to eat!"" urge, I suggest to give them a visit! Of course, you do have the option of McDonald, Tim Horton's or even making an instant noodle at home... but a fresh bowl of handmade noodle?! 

This location is self serve. You ordered at the counter and paid upfront and your noodle will be cooked to order for you. This is the only location that has built your own option.

Service though is lacking. You have to ask for a glass of water, then they would give it to you. The other locations, you are served with water without requesting!

I will be back at those wee hours to satisfy my noodle's urge when I am in the area. I guess it is kind of Magical when you can have something decent to eat in the middle of the night?"
"I really enjoy my shopping experience at Winco Food Mart.

Though it is smaller in size and with less selections compare to Foody Mart and T&T, but some of the items are quite unique.

Fruits and vegetables are always fresher and better quality. Last time I checked they have 3 different varieties of Pomelo and the size is larger than other Asian supermarkets. They also have a good selection Mrs Chan's vegetables (locally grown).

Price wise may not be cheapest but the quality is worth what they are charging. 

Worth checking out if you are living in the area."
"2.5 star

I am a little confused...

Hakka wok serves ""Fine Thai Indian Style Chinese Szechuan Food"" according to their flyer. I really have no idea what that is.. I guess is ""spicy"" fusion?

My Yelp Friend was nice enough to pick up 2 items for me to try out:

Chicken Pakora ($8.50) and Hakka Chow Mein with Beef ($7.50) probably not the worst ""Hakka"" food I ever eat. Chicken Pakora though a little dry because it used white meat.. The Hakka Chow Mein was surprisingly spicy with a good kick which I really enjoyed!

Portion size is huge.... I have enough for lunch the next day!

Hakka Wok might not be my choice for take out or even Hakka food but if some one going to pick up something for me to try again, I won't really mind.."
"The fish are fresh! Taste much better than AYCE sushi!

We usually order the GAL Combi (Sushi and Sashimi mixed) and Bulgogi (beef in hot pot with rice).

The sushi are all bite sized... but you can tell how fresh they are!! 

This place is always jammed pack with people during the weekend and tons of people coming in to pick up their takeout orders.

The service is fast and friendly. All the meals come with standard of soup, salad, Appetitizers(sweetened potatoes and glass noodles) and dessert (orange and red bean cake).

And I love the black seasame ice cream here ($3.99 for 2 big scoops great for sharing but I am not sharing!) I just love to smile at people with my blackened teeth!"
"Nova Era Bakery is at a side street just North of Dupont East of Dufferin.

Right across and next to garages? I was a little confused when my GPS confidently asked me to turn into this small street..

The inside does looks surprisingly clean and cozy...

If you want to stay in and chill, just order at the counter and it will be delivered.

I have my usual custard tart ($1.15) and cappuccino ($2.50) were both enjoyable.

The smell of freshly baked bread filled the air............... Just love that smell!"
"Stack has a decent local crafted beers on tap. Love how the menu has tasting notes and style for each of the beers too.

Sadly, when I was there, they were out of the Beau's Seasonal.. and my waiter start recommended me another Beau's and I kept asking what beer, he said Beau's... (Maybe he doesn't realize how many different beers Beau's brews...)

For food, we shared:

Side Caesar Salad ($5) - Why? But a good option if you want some healthy option.. I didn't order or eat that....
BBQ Ribs ($18) - Meaty and you can even upgrade to a full rack for ($24) great to share it with your dinner mate
Stack Brisket ($10) -  that is just for the sandwich alone. A little pricey for what it is. I doubt I would order that again!

Tips: save room for dessert or come back just for dessert! Or bring someone that wants to eat dessert! 

I need to come back for those mini doughnuts! I want Oreo/S'more/Old Fashion Doughnuts!"
"259 Host is a nice change to all those other Indian Restaurants I been to before. 

More Upscale 
- with white linen which is so unfriendly to all the curry and dark sauces 
- nicely decorated, modern and comfortable. Just like one of the European restaurants 
- Nice and quiet environment... dim lighting and tables not cramped together 

More Westernized 
- in both presentation and the ingredients used... 
- prices! not my usual Indian stuffed my face full with a low price... but really inline with most other Western restaurants. 
- All the food we ordered are all tasty...(we finished everything!) Love that they use a lot of spices in the dishes... 

Services? 
- seems lacking or they were understaffed the night we were there! 
- the 3 storeys set up of the restaurants makes it hard for the staffs to realized that ""someone"" us been standing around at the front for almost 10 minutes! We checked our jackets in ourselves (maybe I should tip my friend) and almost want to sit ourselves! 
- Wait staffs not in sight most of the time.. but quite accommodating when they are presented (thanks for bring that mega hot sauce!) 

Thanks for our fellow yelpers for making 259 Host a great experience! And thanks for sharing everything!!!"
"I like this LCBO right when I walked into the store.

""Do you want to try out some wine?"" Certainly!! 

Spacious, well stocked with whiskey... 
.
There are good selections of individual beers from around the world as not everyone want to get a 6 packs of the same kind. Though the selections are really mainstream but still have over 100 different ones!

Staffs are all so cheerful... more cheerful than me...

I picked up quite a few beers to try... my home beer tasting session!!"
"This place looked close from the outside... Stepping into Pho VT transfers me back in time.... The deco here is really really dated!! 70s? 

Kitchen is an open concept where I can see the 2 chefs busy cooking and frying and grilling. 

Grilled Beef with Spring Roll Bun ($7.99) with all the perfect garnishes: tons of basil leaves!! Refreshing and tasty best for a hot summer day. The beef was a little disappointing, not freshly grilled but reheated in the microwave. Size wise is really fulfilling and no complain about that! 

A lot of single female having lunch at Pho TV. Price wise is great as you can get a small pho for around $5.. great if you are on a diet, great portion and value control. 

There must be a lot of regulars here as the waiter greeted quite a few of them in Vietnamese while I was having my lunch here. 

Pho VT is a good choice if you looking for reasonable priced Vietnamese food around the area...but I won't be going out of my way to eat here!"
"We were looking for some ice cream/gelato in Yorkville to finished our night of drinking and eating with some desserts..... 

Gelato up the street was charging $5 for a tiny cup. I know this is Yorkville, the playground of the ""Rich and Famous"" . Then I walked into Summer's Sweet Memories and find out their homemade ice cream is reasonably priced for $3.50 and served in a homemade waffle cone...This is my kind of place!! 

The staffs here are nice and friendly... and I got some samples until I settle on Pistachio. It was really good, rich and creamy and with tons of real nuts inside. A little on the sweet side..but it is call Summer's Sweet Memories!! 

Open passed midnight this Saturday night! 

Summer's Sweet Memories is most unpretentious place in the Yorkville area!!"
"Mercator Euro Mini Mart is located inside a strip mall on Sheppard near the 404. No way you can see it when you drove by.. because they have no storefront facing Sheppard... I would not have gone in if not I was having lunch just across from it. 

The selections of the Mini Mart is almost all European grocery and good item.. from Poland, Turkey, Romania just to name a few... 

It was fun browsing around and see all the different items that is not commonly seen in the bigger supermarket. 

There is also a hot food area where you can order something quick and eat in or to take out. There are just a couple of smaller tables but seems to be quite busy with people working in the area to come and get a quick bite. 

Vienna Schnitzel on a bun ($5.99) 
- Freshly made by order and it took around 5-10 min for it to be ready (she warned me when I was ordering) 
- The sandwich is sizable, I ended up sharing that with my coworker 
- The Schnitzel itself is moist and tender... dare I said a little juicy too... 

The staffs here are nice and friendly, young lady that took my order has such a nice smile... :)"
"Chicken and Beers...

That's probably the only thing you should order at Cheers anyway. 

Korean Fried Chicken so good. We shared the half and half (Soy and Spicy) chicken. I love the option of picking either chicken bone in, boneless, drumsticks and wings. I think I would opt for drumsticks or wings only, since I am more a dark meat lover.

Make sure to order side rice cake ($4) as the fried rice cake has this perfect chewiness and really soaked up all the spicy sauce. 

Wait time is at least 15 minute for your food as they are all made when order.  And it is definitely worth the wait as the batter is so light, super crispy skin and moist chicken meat!

There are also daily special and 5% off when paying cash. 

Service is OK as the wait staff is friendly but not too attentive. But I have to thank them for being extra welcoming to the toddler at our table. He was offered a complimentary basket of onion rings and pop."
"Rooster Coffee House is one of my favourite Indie Coffee Passport stop! 

Maybe just walking along Riverdale Park breathing in the fresh air on this late Sunday afternoon just put me in that good and ready to chill mood? I know I will love Rooster even when I saw their storefront. Big floor to ceiling windows overlooking the park. 

When I walked in, the place was packed. But I did not feel that it was busy nor noisy, everyone were talking so softy.. and I felt that it was so quiet?! Busy full of people and quiet..... 

This is also the only Indie Coffee Passport Stop I got myself a treat.. those mega cookies displayed at the cash right in front of me were irresistible...and they have Nutella ($1.75) cookies... I just have to get one!! 

Cappuccino with latte art... my kind of roast from Te Aro...In a nice cup...from a friendly barista... all positive experience for me!! 

Sitting at the communal table enjoying my cookies with my coffee... heavenly sweet."
"If you have been to the Calabria Bakery up in Markham... the one in Scarborough location will be a big disappointment!

The interior is really dated and old... with cheap cafeteria settings. But this place is runned by the first generation of  the Italian family and the one up at Markham is by their offsprings.

The coffee here is A-OK for $3 and served in a proper glassware... but the cookies or pastries in the display case are limited in selections and not too appealing.

But for the pasta and other Italian hot food they served does have a home cooking feel to it.. just like what your Italian mama will have feed you with the high carb comfort food!

I would not go out of the way to come here, and I do prefer the Markham location a lot more!"
"3.5 Star

Biwon might be another Korean restaurant in the area. 

Family owned and you can see the care in the preparation, use of ingredients and even every little details.

We shared:

MoTofu ($5.99) Fresh tofu with special sauce
Dumplings ($7.99) Steamed home made Korean Dumplings
Bajrak Kalguksu ($7.99) Noodle soup with Manila Clam

Everything so fresh and made in house, including the tofu and hand cut noodle.

The banchan were all tasty and have this really delicate and clean taste.

Here the crowd is a little older compares to the Yonge and Finch area. 

I will be back!"
"I have drove by Hell's Chicken Restaurant numerous of time...  Never go in to give it a try. 

Seems like they are revamping their menu and do a totally different lunch/every evening menu that has nothing to do with Chicken or Hell..and Grand Opening is July 27.

Menu serves from 11 am to 7 pm featuring Pork Chops.. Deep Fried then topped with Curry, Cheese, Plain or Spicy. Or if you are not into that and want to eat healthy, they do serves Whole Grain Bibimbop.

Curry Pork Cutlet ($8.99) is tender and crispy. Sizable and definitely filling you up. Curry reminds me of Japanese curry which just have the colour but without the spices.

Donburi ($10.99) is a Japanese Rice Bowl Dish  with Deep Fried Breaded Pork Chop with a soy sauce dressing. Quite filling as well... I find it a little too salty for my taste but I did finish the whole thing and that mean it must tasted decent or I am just hungry?!

All meals serves with a Spicy Beef Bone Vegetable Soup.

For people that loves watching TV they won't be disappointed. My friend and I can just facing each other but we just watching the TVs behind each other's backs showing Roger's channel and YTN (Korean News Feeds). 

Korean waitress here are nice and pleasant and must of the patrons seems to enjoying their services because they speaks the same language.

After 7 pm, this place will turn back to Hell's Chicken and then you can drink your beers, watch your sports and eat your chicken till late....."
"Now I know why I never wear anything white! 

The Veal Cutlet Panini ($6.15) I ordered is A-OK! The veal is soft and tender.. and I was hungry so I wolfed that down so fast! 

Tons of Marinara Sauce spiced with Medium Hot Peppers..(if not for my friend I would have ordered Hot Hot Peppers) oozing out and get on my face, my finger, my hands and even my camera! Probably on my top too but my burgundy sweaters will hide all those stains!

The only toppings that is free is the peppers... anything else is extra..

Since all the meat are premade, so they just put the sandwich together in a few minutes... good to come here if you want a quick bite or a takeout!"
"I read all these reviews saying how good and awesome Congee Queen is on yelp.. What makes it so good, better than Congee Wong or Keung Kee? I never been to one and after my first ever experiece at Congee Queen newest location, I have to say ""YAY!! I'm a fan!!""

The newest Congee Queen is located just East of McCowan Road on Hwy 7 East. Yes all the way out there.... 

The interior is nicely decorated. There are booth seatings on both side of the restaurant. The only complain I have are the tables for 2 are really small... even the booth that suppose to seat 4 can be quite crowded with limited elbow spaces and table space might be an issue if you going to order a lot of food.

I love the menu offering here, so much varieties including the traditional ""cannot go wrong"" dishes and some newer dishes. The price is a new bit more than Congee Wong but the quality are better.

we ordered:
Pumpkin Hot Pot Congee w/Rock Crab Meat & Vegetarian Shark Fin ($8.99)
Fried Singapore Turnips Patties ($5.50)
Pan Fried Stuffed Eggplant ($3.95)
Chinese Chicken and Mushroom Rice Noodle Roll ($2.95)

They are all really delicious. I especially like the Congee because it has tons of real crab meat (I hate those fake ones), Pumpkin(suppose to be good for you) and Shark Fin (Though vegetarian but they do have a nice texture and feel like the real thing!)

To end the meal, we were served with complimentary dessert.. sweet soup with sago, red bean and black jello... perfect sweetness and is really good!

The only problem eating here is the line up might be ridulously long in the weekend!

They accepts Mastercard, Visa and Interac."
"4.5 Star

If you takes your coffee seriously, Early Bird Espresso & Brew Bar is the one. 

All I want is a good coffee and it delivers! The Long Black, Macchiato, Cappuccino I tried where all prepared so well, the way I like it. The double espresso shots in my Long Black really smooth and still have nice crema.

Early Bird Espresso has all the coffee option, more than any other coffee place I been in the area. 

A Cold Brew sure is the choice of drink over any ""Iced"" espresso drink on a hot day. The good thing is you can even pick up a bottle here to enjoy later at home. 

Wifi, Electric Outlets, Ton of Seating, Great Vibe... But the most important reason I am coming back is for a good cup of coffee!"
"I do have respect for Restaurant Fifty Nine to have stayed in business for over 25 years but really it had way passed its prime and really in need of a makeover. #Totally80s Theme

Owner/Cook/Waiter is nice and friendly but the food I ordered was mostly a miss.

Pasta in Bolognese Sauce with soup and drink ($5.95) is good price. But sadly the Cream of Mushroom soup was not creamy, the HK style milk tea has no tea taste and watery. The pasta though was not not bad.

It is always a sad to see business going downhill, but most of the time things need to be done if they want to survive.

*So apparently the only thing I should be ordering according to reliable source is #58 Indonesia Chicken Rice and #58 only. I might have to go back again..."
"I don't usually go to AYCE hot pot but when you are eating with someone that need to eat a lot of food in order to be satisfy and you don't want to spend too much..then AYCE for sure is good value. 

I went to Hip Pot down the street, the newer sister restaurant of Dows Noodle... the menu here is identical to each other.. I don't know why the owner would open 2 restaurants so close to each other... 

Seafood and Beef Hot Pot ($17.99) 

The soup broth I found is not as tasty, the Satay soup base definitely more flavoured at Hip Pot. But I still love the home made beef/pork/squid balls! They are all freshly made not the frozen package ones.. So are the dumplings, and the wontons!! 

The oysters from the seafood platters were fresh and sizable... and even other items were fresh and clean... Unfortunately, there were some items not available but what they have were quite plentiful! 

The services here was excellent.. at least while I was there.... 

Beware that 10% service charges have been added to the bill automatically, so make sure you don't double tip!

PS my dinner mate said he is so full and his pant is bursting, Mission accompolished!"
"I really smell something cooking when I walked into Good Egg!! There is a small kitchen at the back of the store and something really cooking on the stove.

Good Egg is not just a cookbook store, cool kitchenware store, great gift store... It also held cooking classes... Maybe I need that more than a cookbook?!"
"Every Department Store should have a Food Hall like Saks! Best thing ever happen for Eaton Centre complex. 

Here you can do your grocery shopping, pick up a snack and even a whole meal. Indian food from Pukka, Poke Bowl from North Poke, Grilled Cheese Sandwich with soup and even freshly made to order pizza, Sweet from Sorrelle. If you want to be fancy, even a Champagne Bar!

An one stop foodie experience without venturing out in the cold.

A little pricier than regular grocery stores but not kind of expected due to the location and the selections they offers!"
"I was hungry when I was strolling along Bloor Street and I got more hungry when I walked by Sardinha Rei Dos Frangos and saw all the chicken roasting and cooking on the grill!

Looking at the menu through the window and I saw Quarter Leg ($3.10) and with enough change in my pocket, I knew what I were going to snack on.

Nice lady put my chicken in the bag and drowned it with hot sauce even before I have a chance to tell her I want to eat that here! So I was enjoying my chicken which was really tender and juicy (Yay! Dark Meat!!), watching people lining up for take out... Curiously, almost all of them were male!!

I smelled like Chicken after eating the chicken since Sardinha has open kitchen and I guess smelling like chicken was not too bad!"
"Morningside Library is relatively new.. opened in 2006...

Having its own parking lot, closed to a Park and Community Centre... Great neighbourhood library as you can access all these city services in one stop!

Interior is spacious with high ceiling.. great cottage theme with neutral brown and pine tone...

Book collections are small.. but sometimes is good that you can always find the more current reading materials.

Quite a few computer terminals that has full access... not too busy in the middle of the afternoon.

Separate room for kids or other toddler programs.... you can see them having fun but you cannot hear them scream. Just perfect!"
"Oyster! $1 an Oyster?! Everyday after 5 pm??!! Now I know where to go for oyster when I have the cravings....

I know Biff's Bistro is not serving up the best oysters in town and you don't really have choice of the fancy oysters but $1?? 

I tell you I can eat a lot of oyster.. if I going to pig out on oyster at Rodney's I would be in trouble and I might have a heart attack when I see the final bill.........

We ended up sitting by the bar... and the services was good without overbearing... and I like the deco and the vibe of the Biff's...

but how many oysters can I down in one seating?! It can be quite scary :P"
"I love The Good Neighbour Espresso Bar the minute I stepped inside!! 

Where should I sit?? By the big floor to ceiling window?? Or at the Communal table logging on to Yelp? Or at the individual tables enjoying my privacy? or better yet those comfy armchairs? Decisions! Decisions! 

I used my Indie Coffee Passport for my Americano which was nicely made with a good kick. Barista was cheerful and friendly. 

I would definitely come back to The Good Neighbour Espresso Bar next time when I am in the area. Every neighbourhood should have a espresso bar just like The Good Neighbour!"
"Pho Hoa Restaurant has been in this plaza for as long as I remember.. at least for over 15 years!

This used to be my favourite place for Pho 10 years ago but I have not been back since then because there are so many different choices for Pho nowadays in Scarborough.

The ownership for sure has been changed. Before it is runned by Vietnamese speaking people and now they are Mandarian speaking people.. haha I guess it reflect the change in the demograhic of Scarborough itself too!

The place is open and spacious and huge for a Pho restaurant. There are ample of seatings and I don't think it ever will be busy. 

I order a small ($6.35) raw beef and tripes Pho. The bowel is not big but it is full of noodles (small here equal med somewhere). The broth is ok, but at least it is hot! The noodle is the dried type but it was prepared properly. The tripes is the best part of the order!! It is cut really thinly, thinner than the noodle itself! And so tasty too!!

I order the vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk ($3.54) I can tell you that it is strong! I am on a cafferine high for the whole day!

The services is fast and indifference.. but as long as I can get my food and have a quiet lunch I am not complaining.

No Lunch Specials!

They do accepts Visa and MC and Interact."
"Kaga is definitely a step up from Ginza. Still run by the same people but with an upgraded menu.

Here you will find fish flew directly from Japan arriving every Tuesdays and Thursdays if you want to have whole fish fresh sashimi.

Menu is covered  most of what you expect from a more traditional Japanese restaurant. They also has Omakase starting from $50.

Lunch Special starting from $8.

Sushi Set ($10) has a good selection of fish. Quite a good value. The only complaint maybe the rolls were rolled too loosely and falling apart when picked up by chopsticks.

Staff is friendly and attentive. My tea cup was not empty.

Grand Opening 10% off with coupon."
"Really?! There's a library there?

Victoria Village is one of those neighbours which is hidden inside the residence area and usually the locals would frequent...

The exterior doesn't look really promising... just looks tiny and one of those utilitarian box like structure. But at least the interior is quite modern with enough full access computer terminals and clean and neat.

The staff here in fact is really nice... smile and greet me when I walked in...

Great place to chill out a little... but you probably won't find a lot of interesting books as the collections are small."
"I drove by Pacific Mall and Market Village almost everyday and I never notice Peach Garden Restaurant until 2 weeks ago!

It is located in the plaza right across Pacific Mall and next to Rolling Pot Shabu Shabu. I was here on a weekday for lunch and it is hard to find a parking spot, I cannot imagine what a task it can be on weekends!

The interior of Peach Garden has older decoration, not the moden chic that is common with the newer restaurant. There are booth seatings on both side and scattered tables that can fit a bigger group in the middle.

I ordered the medium ($5.50) Pho with rare beef and tripes and a Rainbow Drink Che ba Mau ($2.75). 

There are 4 sizes of Pho here, I am glad I order a medium instead of a large because here medium is what I expect for a medium. The broth is nice, not too salty just perfect for my taste bud. The noodle though is dried but plentiful. The rare beef is prepared a little different than the other restaurants. It is more like a rare roast beef that is sliced really thin.

I have to say the price of  drinks and juice here is really reasonable. Usually the iced coffee cost $3.25-$3.75, but here everything cost $2.75. The fresh juices here are all for $3.00. I ended up cannot resist the temptation and order a Rainbow drink as a dessert. Yummmmm (I just found out on the internet that it has over 1000 calories... glad I did not  know this fact when I am enjoying it!)

There are a lot of different items on the menu but since this is my first time eating here I can only comment on my Pho.

BTW, this place is call Peach Garden Express. Yes it only takes 2 min to serve the drink and 5 min for my Pho to arrive! Good if you are in a rush!

No Lunch Specials!

Cash Only!"
"Just want to update that now Yogatree able to preregistered your space in class before hand. But still arrive early if you want to have a good spot (either in the corner of the room or right in front of the teacher :) )

They also got extra props like chairs to help with different postures.

Additional Level 3 classes.. though too challenging for me but for more intermediate yogi that will be great!

It is great that the studio is improving everyday! Now if there are more classes over the weekend that will be great!"
"What makes this Congee Wong different than other locations??

The variety of the menu? There is a different special menu for breakfast, afternoon tea, dinner. Breakfast and afternoon menus are similar to what offers in a Hong Kong Style Cafe. And for dinner, there is option from entree menu that offers even fresh seafood from the fish tank!

I was here twice: lunch and afternoon tea since it opened and both time my experiences were A-OK. Decent food at a great price and friendly fast service!

There are also quite a few tables that are good single diner like me. 

I will be coming in for a quick bite quite often when I am in the neighbourhood which will be almost every week!"
"I ate one of the saltiness entree in my life today.

My mouth still feel dry, my tongue still have this half numbed feeling even hours after my dinner.

Short Ribs Stracotto ($29.75) as described by the menu as fall of the bone tenderness but the sauce paired with gorgonzola mashed potatoes were just way way too salty. I finished the short ribs without the sauce and just have a few mouthful of the mashed. 

Water refills took forever and I was just so thirsty! 

Our waitress was missing in action quite a bit but why bothered with service when she was guarantee a tip since I used one of those 50% off voucher!

She did notice that I hardly touch the mashed but when I mentioned that to her, she said must be the cheese,,,, and too bad..

The other dishes though was A-OK. 

I maybe back or I may not be back... Unless some one dragging me here..."
"Char No. 5 Whisky Bar is located right at the lobby of Toronto Delta Hotel. I kind of wish all the lobby bars have the same selections of  whisky and whisky cocktails!

Picking something that you wanted to try is probably the most difficult part for me as there are so many interesting cocktails I would love to try. If you want something close to ""home"", then may I suggest the Signature Cocktails created by Head Bartender Ray Daniel. 

I do prefer the cocktails here vs SOCO which is the other bar at the hotel as the cocktails here are better crafted!

Price wise it is really reasonable for Downtown Toronto especially at a hotel!

Strongly recommend coming here for a night cap or casual drinks while meeting up with friends."
"Artisano Bakery Cafe is such a nice additional to the area. It is close to both 404 and 401 access. 

Since the concept of both Panera Bread and Artisano Bakery Cafe are so similar, I do find I like the set up of Artisano Bakery more. OK I am a sucker for sofas and armchairs... when I see a place that has a few set up, automatically + 0.5 star.

This place is busy during lunch time, so you do expect to wait a little longer for your meals. But the use of buzzer system is great, at least you can go and sit down/relax  and drink your coffee then pick up the food when it is ready.

I have to say I love eating good bread. Artisano bread is great!! I opt for the Any 2 for $8.99 (6 daily soups/any sandwich and salad on the menu). The Boston Clam Chowder is not too creamy but quite sizable, with tons of ingredients inside and served with Tuscan Filone on the side. The Grilled Chicken & Asiago on Ciabatta love the bread and the eggplant and the sandwich tasted really light and healthy.

There are also quite a lot of people hanging out with their laptop out for free WIFI and watching CP24 on flat screen TV. + 0.5 star.

For sure I will be asking my friend to meet me here next time, and even if I am late at least they will be relaxing with a coffee waiting for me!

They accepts VIsa and Mastercard."
"My favourite yoga studio!

I am looking for a yoga studio that has different yoga style and Yogatree able to provide me with that!

When I started doing yoga, I was mainly taking heated yoga class.. and I found though heated yoga classes are challenging and make me sweat so much but I cannot do that on a daily bases.

This studio offers hot yoga, Ashtanga, Gentle/Flow Hatha, Restorative, Iyengar Yoga with 2 practice rooms. 

The facilities are nice and clean. They even has lockers that has locks that you can set your own combinations in the change room!

The teachers are great and caring. I always feel so energized after taking my classes!

The non heated studio has wall robes for Iyengar classes and it can be heated up to be a reduced heat room. 

The price is great too! The package and passes can be used at both of the locations.

Though the classes may get busy in the evening, so make sure you arrive early for the classes since none of the classes are preregistered and can get busy!"
"I think I am spoiled by all these dumpling places uptown in Scarborough... 

Dumpling House Restaurant is really not up to the standard when compare to them..

Steamed Dumplings?? If it is supposed to be steamed why were they boiled??  (-0.5 star) The reason I love my dumpling steamed because this cooking method preserved all the taste inside the dumplings and when you bite into one, the soup inside just exposed and your mouth will be filled with flavours!

The pan fried ones were dripped with oil... my chopsticks were all slippery...

Green Onion pancakes ($3.99)  just tasted bland, oily and lack any green onion taste.. just doughy and oily!!

Price wise, it is more expensive than the dumpling places uptown, but I do understand that rent and operating cost is more downtown.. but at least work on making the dumplings better.. 

The owner was really nice and accommodating.. but I don't think I will be back here for dumplings!"
"I love Libraries! Especially a Nicely Air Conditioned library when it is just over 35C hot outside!

Beaches Library is like this big magnet... While my friends trying to walk down to the boardwalk and check out the scene at the beach... I just want to check out the scene in the library.

Cool! 

Clean Washrooms!

Electric Outlets!

Free Wifi!

Plenty of Seating!

Nice architectural details... just like a cozy mansion!

Why is my phone ringing? I just want to stay here a little longer... I am not lost! I am at a happy place! 

The Beaches Library!"
"The Plain and boring facade of Teatro Verde is really deceiving. I walked by it dozen time without going in as I never realize what I been missing.... 

Since Teatro Verde's building used to be Mount Sinai Hospital, I love how they leave the outside of the building the way it was. 

They also does a great job in having the area divided into little sections, each have a theme or a colour scheme. This make it easy if you looking for something specific.... The atmosphere is kind of museum like and quite classy. 

I can get a gift for almost anyone I know from here... talking about selections. And it is always fun to browse around to admire their goods on display as they changes with the season and festivities!"
"Back again to Mong and ordered the same Sushi Lunch Bento Box ($12.95) 

Just comparing the photos I took last time to what I had this afternoon, I have to say I am just pleasantly surprised!

The quality and quantity of the food both improved since my last visit. The shari rice still one of the best one I had and I can just taste the chef put special care in the preparation of the food he serves!

Complimentary Green Tea Ice Cream to finish off my lunch...

I left happy and full!"
"After I read Tony F's review about Hong Tai Supermarket, I expected the worse and ready to fight with that little old Asian lady... ! Me VS that evil woman that elbowed everyone ... 

but to my surprise on a weekday, Hong Tai Supermarket is so peaceful... Everything were in the right place, no pushing no screaming no shopping carts trying to wheel me over...

Even the seafood section was so clean.. no water puddles and I cannot even smell that yucking fishy smell....

Everyone were behaving... oh so disappointing! I guess I came at the wrong time!!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac"
"A La Kitchen food quality is no comparsion to Ding Tai Fai! However there are a few dishes that A La Kitchen is better!

I really enjoy the Chicken Wonton Soup! This is one of the few places I know of that you can order a smaller size ($7.99) which is prefect for 2 person. However that are not enough chicken pieces or vegetables in it. The wonton though is really nice, has 4 big ones which are filled with chives and pork ;).

The Mash Seasame I think it is the best here compare to Asian Legends. This is the only place I know of can has the fillings with black seasame. You need to preorder that when you order your main course. They are prepared freshly and served hot hot hot! $4.80 for 4 big ones! This is the must order for me whenever I visit.

However the green beans with minced pork tastes like something that i made in my own kitchen (Jen's Kitchen), not spicy, tasted pretty bland. The beef has too much oyster sauce in it.. though I do enjoy the pancake wraps.

I have to agreed with Katrina L that the dishes were on the sweet size.

Cash or Interac only!"
"3.5 Star (3 Star with the Price Increase as of Jan 2018)

Mr. ChiMaek is a welcome addition to the neighbourhood since there are no other authentic Korean Fried Chicken joint around.

I love the interior decor and the seating is spacious compares to other KFC restaurant I been to. 

I wish I can said this is one of the best KFC I had in GTA.

Half and Half ($30) now $34
Maybe I should not have order the Rice Powder Batter? The batter is crispy but just a little too heavy for my taste. The Very Spicy sauce has a nice kick but they did not wow me.

They don't come with deep fried rice cake or the options as an add on. (those rice cake so good with the spicy sauce!)

Bacon Kimichi Fries ($13) now $17
A little on the dry side: McD style fries. Good to order to share while waiting for your chicken to be ready. Nothing amazing

Service was really friendly. My little toddler at the table was given a candy for being good. 

I might be back if I have cravings for KFC and don't feels like going to North York."
"As usual I just walked by Bar Buca without noticing it as the sign of the restaurant is really low key and I never expected it to be sharing address with a condo complex.

I took my Yelp friend here as one of the stops to celebrate his 1000th review. At first he was a little skeptical but I think he is a fan after our visit to Bar Buca.

Our waiter was awesome. Really professional, friendly and attentive. And who said service is not important? He really made our experience enjoyable.

We shared:
 
Carciofi Crudi ($9) Raw Artichokes, Buffalo Yogurt, Bottarga, Senape - I still cannot get over how I enjoyed this! I usually don't like Artichokes but this dish really works with all the element which gave it an interesting complex taste and texture!

Stuffed Focaccia: Prochetta ($12) Roast Tuscan Pork, Mascarpone, Apple Mostarda, Agliata ($12) - Nicely done too! I love how the apple mostarda (which is really mustard and fruit preserves) balance out the roast pork. 

He drank his cappuccino, I drank my Theresianer Vienna.

We were both happy.

And I know I will be back...."
"2.5 star

Phoenix Noodle House is located in the food court of Market Village. I have been going there for quick congee and steam rice roll fix when Sam's Congee is brutally busy or not opened as yet.

Breakfast ($3.75) from 9 am - 12 pm offers a good choice of congee with steamed plain rice roll when is quite decent at that price.

They also offers a different congee on specials depends on the day of the week for $3.10. There is also the day specials ($4.25) comes with choice of Chinese tea/soy milk. 

Shrimp Dumplings Rice Noodle Soup ($4.25) was not really good. The filling is more pork and with just a little bit of shrimp and the texture is quite mushy and pretty bland tasting. 

If you want something cheap/value, Phoenix Noodle House might be the place for you."
"2.5 star

BBQ skewers and beer and opens late? Harbin Bbq might be the one you looking for!

Live fish in hot pot from $19.99. Fish still swimming in the tank.

The Chinese only menu is a little confusing even to Chinese reader like me as I have no clue what's the different preparation means....

But of course we are here for some bbq. We ordered bbq lamb 羊肉串($4.50), fish竹签魚 ($3.99) and man tou 饅头 ($2.99), and of course some vegetables Cabbage with pork in chili oil 干锅高丽菜 ($8.99).

Everything was a bit off. Not the best bbq I had but definitely not the worst. 

I might be back but probably not."
"Yummy Korean Fried Chicken! I wish the whole order could be of dark meat as they were just so juicy inside and crispy outside! Stay away from boneless as those are more white meat chunk and can get really dry.

We ordered half and half (Original and Hot Chili). As usual I like my sauce hot. I expected it to be super hot but it was medium to my standard. I do expect more from Korean restaurant. 

Wait time might be a little long as the chicken was fried when ordered. And it definitely worth the wait.

Service was good and we got to watch the Blue Jay's Wild Card Game..."
"I am happy that Levetto decided to open up in Aurora. 

I had been going  to their Vaughan location and it was always problem trying to find and an open table at all especially on the weekends! Aurora's location is a lot roomy and with more seating!

Pasta and Made when order pizza with high quality and fresh ingredients.

My usual order is Slow-Braised Beef Ragu Rigatoni.

Simple and delicious food. Fast and friendly service."
"This Fruit Jungle  location is related to the Food Jungle http://www.yelp.ca/biz/food-jungle-scarborough at the Scarborough location... Don't ask me why it change to Fruit instead of Food..but the menu and prices and everything is the same!

The Fruit Jungle here I found it a little cleaner.. since it it only start business a few months ago...

I have the Seasame milkshake with Pearl... Gee it is so yummy yummy good! since I love Seasame ice cream! Need I say more, I finshed the whole drink so fast and I already have cravings for another one! Gee this is NOT good for my waistline! I really have to limit myself to one a week the most of go for the fresh juice options! Which they do have so many to choose from!

Cash only!"
"2.5 stars 

Coming to Club Cayo Coco with high expectation, I left disappointed at least I have excellent Tapas serving companion for the night. 

We stopped by for an after dinner snack.. yes people can snack all the time.. afternoon, Prue dinner, midnight! 

The interior is nice and cozy.. or you can say it is a little especially when I got stuck at the corner... 

Spicy Potatoes (5.95) 
- worst dish of the night, the sauce itself is not spicy tasted like something from the jar.. 

Stuffed Mushrooms ($6.95) and Cod w/ parsley Crust ($8.95) 
- not bad but forgettable 

Crab Cakes ($9.95) 2 orders and Cod w/ parsley Crust ($8.95) 
- One of the better Tapas dish we ordered for the night.. 

Fried Oysters ($12) 2 orders 
- though quite good but it is too pricey!! 

We did not realize that there were a minimum of 2 items per person and desserts does not count!! It was not mentioned in the on line menu, but so be it... since it might be the first and the last time I will come here. 

Cherri and Molten Chocolate Cake are both good choices.. I think I like the dessert much better than the Tapas they offer. 

I find most of the tapas dishes they have are deep fried and I felt I am eating pub's food and they just jacked up the price by putting fancy Spanish name on it! 

Service here was a little spotty.. especially our waiter was as clumsy as me and kept knocking down everything... 

Almost $30 with tax and tips per person with no drinks!"
"I have been back to Sabai Sabai 2 more times after my initial review, so time for an update!

Now I know what items on the menu that I enjoy so I am not disappointed with the food anymore.. and they able to make Thai Spicy for me! 

I also love the Sangria here.. love all those fresh dragon fruit and fresh berries. Sweet and strong....  

The people that runs Sabai is so friendly and amazing. 

Perfect spot to have a drink and some snacks pre or post dinner...

I will be back!"
"I do totally understand that Paulette's is a takeout place...

But I wish there are just some counter spaces for me at least to just eat my chicken. I guess I can go eat  by the curb? go eat in the park? What if it is 36C or -15C? What if it is pouring rain outside?

Snack Chicken ($8) comes with 2 piece of chicken, a dipping sauce and some tiny tiny donut holes.

Chicken is smallish... I guess that's why it is call snack?! Since they are all pre fried and left under the heater for quite awhile.. they were a little dry. My Maple Chili dipping sauce was quite good. 

Little Little tiny donut holes dusted with Cinnamon, disappointing as well. Not much of a taste.. and not even sweet...

The store inside though is nice. Staffs are sweet. 

I just wish that the food can be better at this price point!"
"After my solo visit at Double Ming Chinese Dessert, I have the honour to accompanied a few other yelpers for 2 separate occasions and able to try more of their dessert offerings! And I have to say I am more and more impressed!

Janelle W was almost tricked in thinking hasma is a fungus... when I wiped out my phone and googled that and now at least she knows what she is getting herself in and she could not resist in trying that! 

When you can eat frog genitalia, grounded turtle shell in essence Jelly just like a walk in a park... 

I always trying to explain to my fellow companions the reasons behind why we eating all these Chinese desserts.. how healthy it is.. blah blah blah.. but that always fall into deaf ears, because basically they just ignored me and went ""hmmm, ahhh, so delicious!"""
"A brand new Demetres opens in Downtown  Markham right across from Cineplex! I love the different restaurant options in this area and Demetres dessert only menu is just different vs others!

The interior of the cafe is spacious with really high ceiling! Love the bright colour themes and floral decor. It just screaming and popping even before my sugar high from all these sweets!

Menu selection can be overwhelming but the price point and portion size is perfect for sharing. 

Splitsonian ($15.99) Waffles topped with Honey Vanilla Ice Cream, Strawberry, Banana and Nutella. It was beautiful presented. Though the combination is classical and simple elements which I probably would able to make one at home, it is different when you enjoyed that at as cafe with friend! The ice cream so rich and sweet, probably the highlight if the dessert.

Americano served with a piece of biscotti which is a nice touch.

Staff is laidback and we were served a coffee though we didn't order that. We did solve out the confusion. 

Since we were here during late afternoon, only a few tables were occupied so we have no issue with service or wait time.

I might be back with a friend if I have craving for waffle or crepes after a movie."
"2.5 star just because I was here on Grand Opening Day!

Hand-Pulled Noodle any sizes I want? Noodle Me!!

This brand new noodle shop is call Noodle..but I should be used Chinese restaurants being unoriginal with their English Name.

Grand Opening Day the staff and kitchen was so overwhelmed and it was packed for early dinner at 6:30ish. Of course I ordered the LanZhou Pulled Noodle in clear beef broth ($7.99) with medium wide noodle. Patiently waiting for my food while nibbling on the free cold appetizers.

After waiting for over 30 minutes,  they started informing all of us that's they all out of pulled noodle!!!! And only knife shaved noodle left.... Fail...

So how was my Knife Shaved Noodle in Beef Broth... I just want to eat some noodle and I was hungry!!! The portion was huge but the only complaint was the broth was not hot enough.

And by 7 pm, all noodles were sold out...... After that they messed up everyone's bills....

Hopefully everything will improve after tonight...."
"Penglai Fairyland Restaurant serves a mixture of Cantonese, Lu and Korean cuisine..

It just got a little confusing for me to decide what to order..... But since my dinner mate is not really adventurous and cannot takes spicy at all.. We stuck with Cantonese set dinner for 2...yawn..

Banchan with 4 varieties were A ok. I definitely had better..

Our set dinner for 2 ($32) consist of:

Chicken mushroom spring rolls

Choice of chicken corn or hot and sour seafood soup

Diced Chicken with pineapple (canned one which I don't really enjoy)

Shrimp with Snow Pea

Food overall is not too good.. At least the dishes I tried.

Fortune Cookies and Oranges as desserts? I am really confused..

The layout is similar to Ambrassdor with private rooms that great to host gathering.

Lunch Specials from $7.50. I guess I will come back for that instead."
"My review is based on my experience with UP Express after their price cut. 

From Pearson Airport to Bloor Station for $5 with my Presto Card?! This is quite a bargain. This is a good option if you want to get on Bloor Subway line without going all the way down to Union Station.

The ride was fast and smooth. Rack for luggage, Electric outlets at seats, Free Wifi. If I am a tourist visiting Toronto, I would be so impressive! A Metropolitan City our size should have an Airport express train."
"I fell in love when I walked inside No One Writes to The Colonel!! And I know 'This is the Place!""! 

Live DJ on Saturday night pumping out lively music just at the right volume. I didn't need to yell at my Yelp Drinking Buddy to get my message across.. but maybe I just want to yell at him?? 

Staffs were attentive and polite. Drinks are reasonably priced... I love my Strawberry Mojito ($8) though it gave me a sugar high just from drinking that. 

Those armless cushion seating aren't the most comfortable but they do looks really cute. Their WIFI password is one of the most complicated I encountered, I don't know if people can type that in properly after a few drinks. 

I know I will be back... No One Writes to The Colonel is the Place!! BTW, it is right next to an Ashtanga Yoga Studio....."
"I am glad that Cora's Breakfast and Lunch opened up at this location... It is right across from Eggsmart...talking about being close to your competitors.

I love Cora's hour Monday to Saturday from 6 AM.... .. Yes Some people needs to work Saturday bright and early!

I almost thought Cora was closed when I got there at 6:15AM.. I am the first person to show up for the day. I had other experience at Cora's location when it took over 15 min for food to arrive..... If you are in a hurry, don't go there!!

Fruit Magic Yogurt ($10.45)
- My favourite healthy choice in the menu.. love the fruits selection: Starfruits, Kiwi, Berries....
- Multigrains bagel nicely toasted
- Beautifully presented.....

Theo Omelette ($10.45)
- Omelette with Broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, red peppers, green peppers, tomatoes, a really healthy choice, really light in taste though..

Though the food is excellent here, but I don't think too many people has close to 1 hour for breakfast on a workday??

Services was lacking.. so lacking that we could not find someone to pay our bill with credit card.. Ended up just leave the cash on the table and left the empty restaurant.. with no server, no cook..and no one in sight!"
"Jung Soo Ne is hidden in one of the strip plaza in Richmond Hill, not easy to see if you just drive by. The menu here is extensive with pages and pages of all the Korean cuisine you can think of!

Lunch Specials from $6.99 is quite a good deal! Since it is a Korean BBQ restaurant, I decide to try their Kalbi Bento Box for $9.99. I am surprise when it arrived there are 9 pieces of short ribs grilled to perfection and served with my favourite purple rice! The benchan are served in the Bento bos and they are all fresh and tasty. 

I definitely recommend going to Jung Soo Ne if you are in the Richmond Hill area.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"I love noodles, those home made chewy QQ ones are definitely my favourite!

Hot and Sour Dumplings Noodle was really good! A great balance for hot and sour which further enhanced by finely chopped scallions. At first I was a little confused and wondering where's the noodle? Apparently they were used to made the wrapping of the dumplings.

I will be back for some real noodle next time. And maybe some BBQ skewers. The lamb skewers $.99 each with minimum of 5

Biang Biang Noodle The noodles, touted as one of the ""ten strange wonders of Shaanxi"" (Chinese: 陕西十大怪), are described as being like a belt, owing to their thickness and length.* source Wikipedia"
"2.5 star

Thai Everest supposed to be a ""franchise""? As it said please call a certain number for franchise information?!

The menu is really simple with all the safe bet: pad thai, green mango salad, curry, noodles, fried rice....

Lunch Special from 11am to 3 pm is written on the chalkboard on the sidewalk outside the restaurant...and of course I ordered:

Chicken Pad Thai Lunch Special ($6.66)
- It is exactly has it is described in the menu: Stir Fried and Tossed in Tamarind Sauce, Tofu, Green Onion, Peanuts and Egg Garnish with Lemon and Orange
- It just way over sauced and tasted gluey and really stuck to my mouth... 
- white meat chicken though a healthy option but tastes a little dry and bland....

Service is though really good as I have one on one service. My waitress came and check on me and making sure everything was OK....

The set up does feels like I am in a rural part of Thailand.... nothing Thai about it bur more like a sport bar.... 

Please note: Grand Opening Special no longer in effect but their online menu and store menu both not updated."
"The Cupcake Shoppe just opened up a new location up at Vaughan!! A perfect location inside the Rutherford Marketplace! 

Baked from scratch everyday and 100% nut free, great if you have any allergy! 
 
Opening hours are longer too with Friday and Saturday  till 9 pm. 

Similar flavours as offered in their Yonge and Eglinton location aside from the Berry White which is exclusive for this new location. 

There is though a limit of how many you can buy if you don't pre order:  Max 12 per flavours and Max 36 total order... I guess if you going to have a cupcake party, make sure you pre order!

$2.85 each and if you want your cupcake individually wrapped and extra 25 cents! 

My Red Velvet is good, really good! So good that my boyfriend ate my cupcake without even wanting to share with me! That's mine!!!"
"Nova Era Bakery
O Cantinho Bakery
Vannis Ristorante
Ellington's Music Cafe
M
B
E
R

Ellington's Music & Cafe is the Fourth Stop for our November crawl.

The place was hopping with actions when we dropped by for our Coffee fix. Open Mic from 11 AM to 2 PM on this Sunday helped entertain the patrons with Stand Up Comedies, Self Written Poetry, Creative Songs...

While lounging on the armchair in the front of the room with my Cappuccino ($3.25), I dozed off a little and a little more when the entertainment became a lecture on Canadian currency and banking system!

Ellington's does have this relax vibe. I feel like I am sitting in an antique shop or in a middle of a sidewalk sale?! I wondering how much that funky African mask cost?!

Zzzzz Zzzzzz! When my Yelp Friend yelled ""NEXT!!"""
"Drop by Sabai Sabai on a snowy Saturday night without a reservation.

We were greeted by one of the waitress but then we left standing there wondering if we going to have a table or not. Luckily the nice bartender saw us looking lost, got us a table, took our order, checked on us and he is amazing.... Him alone had saved my so so food experience here...

We ordered and ate:

Northern Thai Curry Fish Custard Steamed in Banana Leaf ($8)
- Either you like it or you find it fishy, bland and mushy, my dinner mate thought so. I ate the whole order myself, I guess I must have like it?

Grilled Chicken Wings, Sabai Sabai House Marinade ($7)
- Though tasty and cook to perfection but lack any distinguish taste to make me want more.. and $7 for 5 little little wings... I would have to pass 

Fresh Green Papaya Salad ($5)
- Requested Thai Spicy when ordered but it tasted mushy, soggy and even bland.... where is those fresh Thai chili?!

Crispy Shrimp Chips with Sweet and Savoury Tamarind Dip ($4)
- The best dish of the night? The chips was just so addictive. I need to eat the whole bowl empty until I can stop!!

We drank:

Thai Mojito ($8) and Thai Iced Tea ($4)
- drinks are so so, maybe I would just order a pint of Blanche de chambly ($6.50) next time

We fought over:

Taro Custard dessert - Since it was sold out at 9 pm when we got there on Saturday, our nice server gave us 2 small little piece to try.. what a tease... :)

Food 2.5 star/Service 4 star = 3.25 star

If you are a big eater like me, don't come to Sabai Sabai and expect to have a ""dinner"" experience, it is after all a tapas bar. I think I can have the whole menu myself in one seating and the check at the end of the night won't be pretty.

As a place to meet up, have a drink and some pre or post dinner snacks, Sabai Sabai would be great choice."
"Walking to I don't know where in the first heat wave in this over 30C afternoon... My Yelp Friend using his cool fingers and pointed to Cool Hand Luc. 

I don't even know what is Cool Hand Luc.. but anything is good for me, I am easy! And then oh ICE CREAM!! YAY! My Yelp friend is so cool... 

Now I have to make choices... I got so lazy and I just took someone else sorbet and called it my own.. Raspberry tasted great.. light and refreshing especially I felt so hot! 

Heavenly Harsh is heavenly good! Peanuts, Marshmallow, Chocolate.. creamy, sweet and salty the same time... 

$3.50 a small scoop... fair traded ingredients? ethically correct? no preservatives? Not cheap.... but for some maybe it's worth the price tag!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at MI-NE Japanese Restaurant. I would say it is the best Sushi in the Richmond Hill area at this price point! 

Sushi Combo L1 ($10.95) 
- comes with standard miso soup and salad 
- 7 pieces of Nigri Sushi (shrimp, and 5 pieces of Maki 
- Fish is so fresh! The shari rice is nicely cooked fluffy and have great bite 
- good portionally balanced between fish and the amount of rice 
- Maki nicely rolled... fat and big... and with black sesame on the California roll 

The meal ended with a half sliced orange... healthy dessert for a great sushi lunch! 

There are 3 sushi chefs working at the sushi bar. They were all well dressed with their white shirts and ties underneath their sushi uniform! You can see how much they respect their work!! 

Waitstaffs here are nice and friendly. 

The deco is traditionally Japanese with smaller private room. The place is small can sit probably 30 people! 

I can't wait to try some of the cooked dishes at Mi-NE! And Lunch Specials here ROCKS!! 

They accepts Amex, Mastercard and Visa!"
"Fairgrounds Roastery Cafe for sure is cute, ethically correct, friendly, organic and any of those goody goody descriptions you can use to describe it would be appropriate. 

It is always a breath of fresh air to find independent coffee shop out of the downtown core.. and here Fairgrounds even roast their own coffee! 

Super Friendly barista with this big smile makes everyone feel so welcome. Cappuccino was not too bad, but I had better.. It tasted more like a latte..and with too much milk and foam. 

My friend's Matcha Latte for sure was packed with tons of antioxidants as it has so much undissolved matcha powder and it would really help him to cleanse out all the toxins in his body. (just close your eyes and drink up!)

If you want freshly roasted coffee beans, Fairgrounds does carry quite a few different roast.. ""Rich Bastard"" which is one of their house blend dark roast does sounded interesting. There are also certified organic roasted beans from Indonesia, Africa and South America. 

BTW, the dry spaghetti at the counter are not snacks to go with your drinks.. they are used as stirrer. May I suggest Linguine may be a better choice? (damn I just crushed my spaghetti stirrer! and it is cooking in my cappuccino!!!)"
"Talking about an extensive menu! Miss Congee has everything!

Congee, Noodle, HK Style Western Food, Cantonese Stir Fried and more. A menu that has so many choices it took my dinner mate so long and still could not figure out what to order. 

Being new, the interior is spacious and nicely decorated. Servers working hard and willing to please. Being new, quite a few items may not be available, including the Double Steamed Ginger Milk Dessert.

Assorted Tofu Served in a Hot Pot ($11.50) 
Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice ($9.50)

Both tasted A-OK. 

Definitely will be back to have some congee and steamed rice roll.

Accepts credit and debit cards."
"I am not really into foot maasage but when my out of town guest made a special request, I happily went along.

Even on a weekday, if you know your schedule, it is better to make a reservation but they do accommodate walk ins.

I did enjoy my massage as my therapist is pretty skilled and is nice and friendly.

The private rooms are spacious and comfortable.

Price is reasonable especially if you here during the day. Monday ~ Friday before 7 pm $32.

Parking can be an issue."
"2.5 Star

Nam Quan looks like a perfect hole in the wall restaurant in middle of no where (at least for out of town people like me) with promising of amazing Vietnamese food.

Arriving late at 8:30 pm on a weekday and the place was packed! We ended up waiting for around 15 minute for a table to open up. A wait for table?! This was really promising.

Imperial Rolls (Ch giò)? Small little spring rolls bite size for the ""imperial"" family? Not even made with rice paper wrapping. I would not recommend that.

Summer Roll was refreshing and quite decent.

Pho broth has a good herb flavour and love the subtle taste. However my Bun Bo Hue (Vietnamese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup) was just disappointing. Everything was a little off but this maybe my personal preference.

I am glad that I did not make a special trip coming here by transit as we had a rental car for the day. 

PS Cleanliness maybe an issue but what I did not see I guess I don't really know. My friends were trying to tell me something about the red chili.. I kind of tuned them out...."
"Nara Sushi offering Lunch Specials Everyday till 4:00 pm from $7.95 is not a bad deal.

This is a tiny neighbourhood family owned restaurant that have a menu of both Japanese and Korean food. 

Lunch Specials Sushi ($9.95) with soup and salad 
- California Roll with 6 nigiri
- Fish was quite fresh and the rice was A-OK

If you in the area and have some sushi cravings, come here but doesn't worth a special trip.

The restaurant itself is clean with friendly and attentive service. A special note to the nice tablewares they are using... no plastic bowls or plates!!

Takeout is 13% off if pay by cash."
"Foie Gras Pancake ($34.99) maybe the only thing I remembered eating at Holy Chuck. 

8 buttermilk pancakes, foie gras, fresh Italian white truffles, pure maple syrup, truffle oil, whipped cream and a wild blueberry compote

Yes it is ""To Die For!"" Fluffy, Sweet, Savory, Smooth............and the smell....

Is it suppose to be dessert? breakfast? but I can eat that any time of the day with someone, or a group of us?! 

For the burger, My Holy Chuck Burger ($9.99) is A-OK . I like how it was cooked medium and still juicy. I love caramelized onion and since it is double cheeseburger, it was filling enough for me as I need to save room for dessert.

A mega sized Funnel Cake with Nutella and Strawberry topping and of course Foie Gras Pancake!

Seriously, I think I might just PASS all the burgers and fries and go right to dessert!

Holy Chuck, I will be back!"
"I have to admit I am cheap... OK value orientated! When I saw the ad in the newspaper that New Markham Villa has afternoon tea specials S/M/L for $1.69 after 1:30 pm, I am IN!

Luckily I came with my father, if not I definitely feel out of place!! The waiter couldn't stop complimenting me for being so good to come and have dim sum with my father.

I am really confused by which dim sum items consider as Small, Medium, Large, Extra Large or Specials since nothing are marked on the menu when I checked off what I want. So I ended up order two items that are XL ($2.20).  

Dim Sum quality is not up to par, but at $1.69 for most of the dim sum, it is quite a good value. Most of the dishes are smaller in size to reflect the cost.. mini Sui Mai??

New Markham Villa really needs to work on their dim sum ordering form, as nothing is more annoying when you found out that you been sucked in and ordered something that is not what you think it cost!!

I don't think I will be a regular at New Markham Villa as yet...... Maybe never?"
"I just could not resist Lunch Specials of any kind...

At Boneyard Grill, $9.99 gets you a 10oz Sirloin Beef Burger, Fries and Drink is not bad at all.

My friendly waitress welcomes me and reminds me about the lunch specials... she doesn't realize that's the reason I am here!

The patty can be cook medium well or even medium, I opt for medium. However, I found though it is cooked with a hint of pink inside, the patty is kind of on the dry side. Maybe because Top Sirloin is just a little too lean... too healthy? I want my juicy fatty burger!!

Shoestrings Fries are light and crispy, which I enjoy! 

Drinks here for a can of pop is $2.25 which is included in the combo.. you can upgrade that to other drinks with additional charges.

Services is so good... I cannot believe I am at a Rib and Burger Joint?! Real Napkins not the paper type? Nice Table setting? The decoration remembers me of Italian restaurants....

Tuesday AYCE Ribs for $24.95... apparently Boneyard has their house brand BBQ sauce... I wondering how many ribs can I eat? Maybe I should test my limit!!"
"Nova Era Bakery
O Cantinho Bakery
Vannis Ristorante
Ellington's Music Cafe
Mi Tierra Restaurant
Banh Cuon Thanh Truc 
El- Tipico Ecuatoriano
Royal Paan Rexdale

Royal Paan Rexdale is our LAST stop for our November Food Crawl!

Royal Paan is in an area I hardly frequent.. especially at night! GPS took me to this strip plaza, the only one in the intersection that were packed with parked car. Smell of spices and curries so thick in the air....

I just cannot eat anymore...... KO for the night but then I saw a DVD store.. My Yelp Friend last stop is for me to look at  Bollywood DVDs? What were all these men doing lining up for what?

Paan is a tradition practice of chewing betel leafs with areca nut and slaked lime paste. Paan is claimed to be chewed as a palate cleanser, a breath freshener, and for digestive purposes.* That's sounded like a perfect ending to our Food Crawl....

But chewing leafs was the last thing I had in my mind when I saw all the pictures of Lassi and Falooda......

Royal Falooda ($3.49) 
- Falooda is an adaptation of the non-liquid Persian dessert Faloodeh
- a hint of rose syrup with vermicelli and jello and ice cream sprinkled with grounded pistachio
- drinking this liquid dessert through a jumbo straw remind me of Vietnamese iced drink experience!

Royal Lassi ($2.99)
- taste similar to the Royal Falooda but it just a yogurty drink with Rosewater syrup...
- I told my Yelp Friend drink up that's good for him! 

What a ""Royal"" Ending for our November Crawl! 

Until the NEXT one!! 

* from Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paan"
"Colourful Yunnan Cuisine, newly opened in New Kennedy Centre serves similar menu as Yunnan Cross Bridge Rice Noodle in Scarborough. http://www.yelp.ca/biz/yunnan-cross-bridge-rice-noodle-scarborough

過橋米線 ($6.99) Yunnan Cross Bridge Noodles is definitely a good value! I was full after eating that whole bowl and you can add additional noodles if you sharing that with someone or has a carb cravings! Still the same verdict as I love the soup and noodle but so so with the toppings!

茶香滷豆腐 Pu-Er Tofu just have a touch of spiciness but quite savory at the same time. Great healthy snack!

I like how they now renamed themselves as Colourful Yunnan Cuisine 彩云南菜馆 as the restaurant serves more than just Rice Noodle...."
"After eating at Hopper Hut, I now daydream about eating Sri Lankan food. 

I just love Hopper Hut!

Lampries! I love the Lampries! Not only that it is sizable, cheap can feed 4 of me, the spices in there are so complex... with all those different spicies in it and serving steaming hot.. oh what a treat! Even I am not into Mutton (I don't eat lamb, goat!!)  but the Mutton Lampries is A+ OK for me!

All the items are delicious. And it is a good restaurant for sharing with your friends or fellow yelpers

The owner of the restaurant that served us are really nice and friendly and with a nice smile!

I definitely will be back! LAMPRIES!!"
"2.5 star

Asian Delight is trying to be everything. 

Hong Kong Style Cafe during lunch?

Malaysian and Chinese during dinner?

Karaoke Cafe at night?

Lunch Special is $8.50 which includes a soup and a drink. There are quite a few items to choose from including some Hong Kong Style cafe items and Malaysian dish. 

Curry Laksa ($8.50) with the Soup of the Day Cream of Ham was disappointing. The soup tasted bland and the noodle was so overcooked as it was so soggy. Soup was really watery and lack any spices. 

Service though was excellent as I was there at 11:15 am and the restaurant was empty.

I would be back to give Asian Delight another try. I really wish they could be better as there is not too many ""good"" Malaysian/Singaporean Restaurants in the area."
"I could just eat all the squeaky cheese curds while I was sharing an order of poutine with my friends at late night.

I never got to pick which type but all I care about if there would be cheese curds?

We did it again! Seems it became an ritual whenever I am in Montreal.

But I never been inside the actual store and always have take out and haven't yet pick what to order. 

Maybe next time!"
"So how is South Sea Village After 10 months since their grand opening?

The lunch menu does have a good selection of Cantonese dishes includes stir fried noodles, rice dishes and soup noodle dish.

My Beef with Rice Noodle ($5.99) comes with a choice of drink was nicely done with fresh from the wok taste. The only problem is the HK style milk tea, it tasted like milk water! I had a sip and I just could not drink it....

Definitely don't sit at those booth no matter how tempting they look on a cold winter day... Trust me.... unless you want to have your winter jacket on while you eat your food!"
"South Sea Village Chinese Restaurant recently opened to replace Chicken & Noodle Chinese Restaurant http://www.yelp.ca/biz/chicken-and-noodles-chinese-restaurant-scarborough

Newly renovated... with new carpeting, new paint and replacing some of the smaller tables with tables for 8.. South Sea Village is aim to attract family with their stir fried Cantonese dishes.

They do have lunch menu with a selections of dishes for $5.99. I ended up offer one of the noodle dishes and it just massive enough to feed 2. I have to ask for a box to pack most of it to go. Taste wise is ok, but I don't want to judge the kitchen based on just 1 dish.

Staffs, cooks and management still discussing price point, what to serve and what should be on the menu while I enjoying my lunch. 

Maybe I should come back for dinner or midnight snack as it open till 12 am..."
"Bodira Cafe is tucked at the corner of this little plaza at the corner and 14th Ave and Boxgrove By-Pass.

You can say it is a cafe as it does serves Espresso drinks and some counter for you to drink your morning coffee just like in Italy. Aside from that, there is a little round table for 2 where the owner chilling out with his friend when I walked in.

Cappuccino ($2.50) is nicely made and delicious went well with the complimentary EMMA Almond Biscotti. How he knows almond is my favourite?

Aside from drinks, there is also a great selection of groceries that are imported from Italian.

Really nice small coffee place, a great addition the the neighbourhood!"
"Ciao Roma is just so perfect for me!

Someone that wants to try everything and could not make up his/her mind.

All those delicious looking pizza are ready to be sold by weight. I just want to try everything. 

There is a menu right on the wall that describe every kind of pizza they serves which are all baked freshly in the kitchen on the side. But guessing which is which can be tricky.

The pizza I ordered are reheated in the oven and they all come out crispy and hot. And the bread like crust is the best part of the pizza!! Of course the premium toppings makes every slices/squares so unique!

Nutella pizza.. I want some of those next time!! Sugar and Carbs always a good ending of every meal!"
"This Winners-HomeSense's location inside Markville Shopping Centre is my favourite discount store out of all the Winners I been to.

Though it is inside a mall, it is surprisingly spacious. There are always new shippment coming in all the time.

And for cashing out, there are 10+ cashiers working when it is busy, so the wait is minimum...."
"Nakayoshi Izakaya has a good set up and really roomy. Maybe because there were only 2 tables including us on a Saturday prime dinner hour.

We shared an order of Udon ($12) and a Sushi Platter ($23). The udon was well cooked with just the right bite. Love the fish selection for our Sushi Platter but the nigiri has too much rice and packed too loosely. So they just fell apart when I tried to dip them in the soy sauce.

Service was attentive and friendly. 

Not a bad choice if you have craving for Japanese food when you in the area. Especially after having a few beers at The Only Cafe!"
"Stayed here overnight for an early flight out from YYZ. 

Arriving after 10 pm and we checked in to our room quickly. 

The room is standard size with 2 beds and quite spacious. The decor and furniture though a little dated. The elevator kind of got stuck when we got in, but a few shake and it was working again.

Good for short stay and if you have business in the area."
"When my ""meat loving will eat anything"" yelp friend wants to take to try out some Vegan delight at Vegan Danish Bakery, I was more than surprise. I wondering if he started seeing the light....

Vegan Danish?! 

I will skip the Apple Almond Danish ($3.99)... as without the generous use of butter... the danish itself was so doughy, chewy..I might as well eat a loaf of bread. Bring on the BUTTER and be FAT and HAPPY!

Black Forest Chocolate Cake ($6.99) was surprisingly good. It is almost like eating the REAL thing.. The Vegan cream frosting was creamy and heavy went well with the dense chocolaty brownie tasting cake.

My Yelp friend was happy... you know is not easy to make him happy...

I just happy that I can share a piece of cake with someone as I realize this Vegan Black Forest Cake is not calories or fat free.........."
"Luxurban Kitchen is promising. Love the colourful and interesting menu. I had fun just reading the Chinese VS English translation which were just badly done or lost in translation.

We ordered a few items to try out:

口水鷄 ($8.99) Mouth Water Chicken (As it is in the menu!)
芥拌蛤肉西洋菜($8.99) Mustard Clam Watercress
黄豆芽水晶粉($8.99) Yellow Bean Sprouts Crystalline Powder (it is how it is in the menu?! Powder and Noodle is the same Chinese character but can means totally different)
荷香牛肉($12.99) The Fragrant Lotus Beef
蓝梅山药 (Complimentary Dessert) Yam with Blueberry

Love the presentation and they all looked picture perfect. But the taste is just a little off balanced in most of the dishes. Nothing really impressed me enough for a repeat visit.

I am glad that the menu comes with such colourful illustration of the dish as even I would feel so lost just reading the name of the dishes."
"Lavish Cupcakes are delicious, cute and pricey!

Great when I am on a diet and want to restrict my sugar intake...

Mini Cupcakes at $2.25 that I can just pop them in my mouth and finish one in one bite... but at this price point.. I am eating slowly...really slowly to savoury every bite.

Hmmm... the cake base is really moist and the frosting is so good...

Remember I am on a diet... so this can be a perfect size...

Regular Size is $5 each.... My ""lunch special"" cupcake...

There are also custom fondant super cupcakes for special occasion for $125.. My ""Omakese"" Cupcake..."
"Cucina 865 is A-OK! Came here on a Sunday night and the restaurant was not too busy. 

Our waiter was really nice but seemed a little confused. Maybe he was the only waitstaff in the dining area and was a little overwhelmed. He talked to himself a lot but still quite friendly. 

I was a little confused, too. We ordered the Prix Menu ($39.95) which is really good value. The steak was cooked really well and loved the side vegetables! But the Kale Caesar (Baby kale, romaine hearts, crisp herb croutons & pancetta with light anchovy creamy dressing) has no kale at all?? 

I was more confused. We ordered Seafood Linguini ($25) which the only thing my dinner mate would eat. But Seafood Linguini was in a pesto sauce instead of the white wine tomato broth as described in the menu. He was a little disappointed as he does not like creamy sauce. I was happy to packed the leftover to go!

Worth coming by to check out their prix menu for dinner and lunch. Lunch Special pasta/pizza from $7.99 sounds A-OK!"
"Disclaimer: I have a slice of Uncle Tetsu Cheesecake twice without lining up for hours. 

Japanese Souffle/Chiffon Cheesecake is really quite popular in Asia and in the Asian Community in Toronto. So this is not something new that Uncle Tetsu is ""baking"". And even Uncle Tetsu's brand which is originally from Fukuoka which still have 2 stores there is nothing compare to all the success overseas mainly in China with over 50 outlet nation wide. 

Competition for business for Western Japanese style dessert in Japan mainland is quite fierce as Uncle Tetsu is not an unique product but I have to give full credit for the brilliant marketing plans of Uncle Tetsu's team.

Would I line up for here in Toronto for one of their cheesecake?! No! It is not worth the wait!

If you expect having one and it becomes a life changing experience, you will be disappointed.

I have to admit that I like the soft fluffiness of the cake base and the subtle cheese taste but seriously not worth the hype.

Come before 12 am at Toronto Street Foods at Outside Union Station for 1/8 for $2 with no line make my Uncle Tetsu 's experience a 3 star."
"Walking along Queen East on a Sunday morning, for my yoga class at Downward Dog Beach.. I can smell the aroma of fresh baked goods!! Carbs Heaven! 

The storefront looks like one of those swanky boutique and when I walked inside I was bombarded with more senses of bread... oh yummmmy fresh bread! 

Love how all the baked goods were displayed in wicker baskets in pure sight of customers but hygienic enough as the lone server have to wrap them up in paper bags without customers actually handling them. 

Almond Croissant ($2) 
- Oh so flaky and light! Just a hint of almond not too sweet nor overpowering.. 

Staff was nice and smiley. 

For historical perspective, I do like the one at Distillery District.. but for a day to day bakery for visiting.. this is so much better, at least this location is more roomy!"
"Small and homey that's what I describe Bob's Bulgogi.

If you do decide to stay, there are these 2 small tables that can barely fit 2 comfortably! Don't bring your date here.. or maybe you should if you want to be close to enough other?!

Beef Bulgogi ($6.95) cooked right in front of you when ordered does smell good. I like how it is served on a real plate! Portion is decent for the price.

Deco is quite neat with dark interior and funky keepsakes all around.

Bob's Bulgogi is definitely A-OK if you have a snack attack in the area!"
"Shopgirls is the place to go if you are looking for clothes designed by Canadian designers.

Selections are quite unique and great if you want to get something nice for that special occasion or even everyday casual wear.

Love those Yoga Jeans... They do make you look taller and skinner... or maybe I just being too optimistic?

If you have your little doggie with you, they are welcome to come in and shop with you! That's always good news for dog lovers like me!!"
"Dark Horse Espresso is the busiest stops for our Koffee Krawl.. Buzzing with energy and activities!! 

People! Beautiful interesting People! (Does that includes us Yelpers? Or Vivek's ""just get out of bed"" sexy look?) 

Not easy to try hoarding some seats for us... sitting right at the Espresso Bar was fun watching the Baristas making espresso drinks non stop! 

Dark Horse Espresso has this party action vibe even in the Sunday noon hour. 

Thanks Wayne C for queueing up to get me my cappuccino while I chatting up with all the other yelpers.. isn't it what a good host should be doing?

Cappuccino is A-OK!"
"I just love Rose Theatre Brampton!

- Complimentary Underground Parking on Show Nights - Ton of parking spaces!

- Complimentary Coat Check

- Never a line to use the washroom facilities

-Small and Intimate seating means you never too far away from the stage (I did have a good view of all the actions...)

- Classy but casual as there is no dress code

- Professional but friendly staff

- Great Location for commuting as it is just off the Highway and right across from the bus terminal!

And of course the show: Full Monty is great! Thanks Yelp GTA for the complimentary tickets!"
"Milky Lane is just so sweet! 

From their pink pastel menu, the crepes/waffles to the sweet waitress. 

The vibe here is totally family friendly even on a Saturday night. 

Peppermint Aero Waffles ($8.95) with soft served vanilla chocolate twist made my friend smiled. An assortment of syrups on the table to customized to your personal taste. 

Closes at 12:30 am on Saturday. I definitely will be back to Milky Lane for dessert next time!! (to use my buy 1 get 1 free coupon!!!)"
"Why am I here at Archibald's Pub yelping away?

Free Wifi? Unsecured with OK speed

Beers? Granville, Caffrey's, Stiegl and few others, limited but decent selections

Wings? Half priced Wings Wednesday - stay away from Cajun as it tasted like shake and bake a salty version!

Football game with cheering fans? Great sport bar atmosphere

A little noisy and a little dark.. maybe it is better to just chill and drink instead of yelping! Why am I yelping in a bar anyway....

Our waitress is nice enough to check on us often, keep the beers coming!!

Flies season? Should I be eating fries? Why am I being attacked by flies?!"
"Kim Dinh is up at McCowan and Bur Oak in the same plaza as Sobey's.

I ordered a Large Pho with raw beef and tripes. 

The soup was not hot! 
The soup was super salty! (I was thirsty for the whole evening after eating this! tons of MSG!)
The noodle was the dried type! (and not really prepared well)
The raw beef is really quite raw.. but not because they want to prepare it that way, just because the soup is not hot enough to cook them properly!
The tripe was the worse part of the meal.. It was in big chunks and just throw on top of the noodles with no preparation. Just like something they just got from the open tub from the Chinese supermarket! 

They really not specialized in vietnamese cuisine.. There are thai, malaysian dish in the menu. 

No lunch Special!

They accepts VISA and MC for orders over $10"
"Bloor Go/UP Station suppose to be transfer station along the Bloor Subway line to UP Train to and from Toronto Pearson.

I like nice TV that display time for the next train. There is a ticket counter but only staff during rush hour so you really you and the ticket vending machines most of the time. And of course if you are paying with Presto Card the process would be so easy just make sure you tap on and off when you enter or exit.

The walk to or from Dundas West Station is not the most pleasant experience as you would have to walk through some narrow sidewalks and a sketchy area who might be a little scary if it is late at night. If you have a lot of luggage, I would not recommend that. 

Hopefully that supposed to be build covered walkway will be ready soon?!"
"Really my meat lover Yelp friend taking me to a vegetarian restaurant for lunch buffet ($9.99)! And we both having a great time at Gagan Sweets!

I usually not into eating buffet or food that are under a heated lamp but what they serves here are fresh and tasty. We have 

Shaahi Paneer
Palak Paneer 
Malai Kofta 
Dall Makhni
Matar Paneer
Aloo Gobhi
Channa Masala
and more... and of course freshly made naan bread.. (the nice lady even got me some spicy garlic version!)

Usually I am not into Indian dessert but Gagan Sweets here are just so good.. not overwhelming sweet as I can really taste the ingredients they used

Gulab jamun
Chikki
Payas
and more....

Really warm and family vibe here! I feel like I am eating at someone home as our waitress (thought not the young/new one) treated like we are one of the family guests and make sure we are happy and well fed!

I definitely would be back when I am in the area, I would even go out of my way if my Yelp friend need some lunch companion to chill out and stuff our face with food!"
"2.5

An authentic Malaysian, Thai and Singaporean just off Markham Main Street?! Not really....

Offers Weekday Lunch Specials from $6.99 till 2:30 pm.

Chicken Rice? Laksa? Pad Thai?   Char Kway Teow?

Maybe I came with a high expectation and left a little disappointed.

Singapore Laksa ($9.95) was overwhelming sweet with no hint of spices even when I ordered extra spicy. A few piece of white meat chicken and Tofu fish cake as protein. Where is the sambal paste? For $10 portion size is small with hardly any ingredients.

If I just rate Malaysia Grill based on my Laksa, it would be a 2 star. 

I might come back to try other dishes..... and would do a update."
"The sole reason I would come to Voodoo Child is to have coffee.  

Here coffee is taken seriously about their coffee. Different local coffee roasters' beans are featured with tasting notes and origin. So basically your experience each time of their espresso drinks might just be a little different?

Voodoo Child ($3.25)  a Macchiato made with a dash of cream instead of milk gave the drink a sweeter taste. 

Oh they do have coffee with booze? Maybe that next time? Bourbon Espresso.... sounds perfect on a cold snowy evening as a night cap.

And even a Cocktail maybe?"
"Mini Combo ($14.95) at Big Bone BBQ is not MINI, I was so stuffed after having that for lunch.

3 to 4 Bones (Not fall off bone tender but not dry and have great bite) 
Original Smoked Chicken Wings 1/2 lb (juicy and tender)
 or 
Smoked Pulled Pork (Soft and just have the right touch of BBQ Sauce)
Fries (Crispy and Lightly seasoned)
Coleslaw (Homemade, the sourness balanced out all these meat)
Beans (more BBQ and Meat)
Cornbread (I ate that as a pound cake, dessert anyone?)

All ""Smoking"" delicious! 

I like how the meat were not soaked in BBQ sauce as sometimes that can be quite overwhelming. .

The Cook/Waiter/Cashier is super friendly and nice. Always checking on us and making sure that we have everything we need.

I still full... I think I am ready to take an afternoon nap.... dreaming about pigs...and chickens....Big Guys eating Racks of Ribs....

Maybe I should have ordered the Monday Madness ($25) that includes 1 Full Rack and 1 lbs of Wings plus Salad or Fries... Maybe next time...... when that Pink Pig calling my name or My Yelp Friend calling me for lunch?! Whatever!!!"
"Dows Noodles Restaurant is closing down this location. 

New owner putting up new store signs...

More Than Hot Pot seems to be  the new business name!"
"That whole roast pork hanging  at Prince BBQ sure looked good.... 

It just looked so massive, crispy, meaty and fatty .... we just could not resist the temptation to order some to give it a try.

The skin I think is the best part of the whole pig, while my other friends were eating all those meaty fatty part I picked all the skin and crunched that in my mouth when they were not watching....

The meat part though I found it a little too mushy... but still really good as it was still warm and fresh!!"
"Mifune Japanese Cuisine is not bad but I doubt it will ever be my to go to restaurant if I have craving for sushi or sashimi.

On a Saturday night, this place was sadly so empty. 2 tables including us, I really wondering how they stay in business!

My Ume Chirashi ($16) and Uni Nigiri ($8.85) were both OK. The fish was not amazing fresh but I did enjoy the uni but it was not cheap!! The shari rice was a little off but I think it is just personal preference.

Service thought is really attentive and polite."
"I love Old Montreal! 

I have visited Old Montreal in every seasons.... Of course nothing beat coming here when it is nice and warm with all the patios opens for business and flowers are blooming!

During winter, hardly anyone on the street... and it does feels less touristy... and still good for some awesome photos!

Interesting architecture and good to have a self guided tours and just walk around... and learn and refresh my Canadian History!"
"Swish By Han is a really nice place to meet up with friends if you are in the area. Reservation is a must since the dining room is really small and while I was there I saw even single diner got turned away.

Swish By Han food is Korean Asian Fusion meant to be shared tapas style. The portion here though is small, I would have ate everything by myself without sharing, but I was glad that my Yelp Beer Friend would able to join me for dinner last minute!

Soju Flights ($10) Regular, Citrus and Cucumber Infused was a nice start! The draft beer here was really reasonably priced $5.50 - $7.50 a pint. 

We shared:

- Warm Mushroom Salad ($12)
- 48 hour Braised Beef ($15)
- Grilled Pot Belly Ssam Set ($25) 

All the food we ordered was nicely seasoned and prepared. The grilled pot belly was really smokey and tender. As we were kind of fighting for the last piece of everything, it was definitely a sign that we enjoyed the food.

Service is good and friendly and we have no issue at all. The restaurant though is quite busy at times and with just 2 wait staff/bartender, it can be a little bit slow.

I will be back for some snack and drinks next time when I am in the area."
"I am surprised that no one has yet wrote a review for Pho 88 location at Alton Tower Circle! It has been around for over 10 years. This is NOT my usual Pho joint but I think I drop in for a visit for Pho-bruary. 

I arrived at the lunch time, usually the restaurants I went to are quite busy however there were only 1 other lonely person eating there for lunch beside me.

There are no lunch specials but there are whole day special like a small pho with iced coffee for $7.50.

The place is runned by Mandarian speaking staffs with Mandarian songs playing so loud that you can barely hear yourself think!

I ended up ordering the rare beef Pho Medium ($6.50). I can tell you the broth is one of the saltest one. I am so thirsty after I eating the noodle and I barely drink the soup! They use dried noodles and it tasted ok a little chewy at first but as I kept eating it got soften up with the broth. The portion is smaller than other restaurant in the area. (I am still hungry :p)

I do like the way how they present my rare beef, right by the edge of the bowel so the beef still stayed rare when I eat them!! The cut of beef is really lean too.

The restaurant was empty when I am leaving! no more patrons at all.

Cash and Interac only!

I don't think I will go back to eat again!"
"Belaggios is located in one of those strip malls on Kingston Road... Unless you live around the area you would never would know it exist or even bother to go there. 

-10C with Windchill of -20C.. as I always look for some sweet after my hot yoga session/lunch.. (I always have an excuse for some ice cream). Saw the sign on Belaggios GELATO and a FTR opportunity.. I decided to stop by for my sugar fix. 

There are over 16 choices of flavours for Gelato.. I have to say it is quite impressive on a winter weekday.. Who will in the right mind will be eating Gelato?? Ok I am but I am wearing my Down jacket too! 

$3.35 for a small Gelato.. Hazelnut tasted A-OK.. It is a lot lighter than the other gelato I had recently.. not as rich.. but still good! 

A lot of locals are here buying their sandwiches.. I can see that the sandwiches are huge.. and they were more than happy to cut it in half and served it in 2 plates if you do decide to share... 

Services here is nice and friendly. Definitely a nice neighbourhood hang out place, they do serves coffees too!"
"3.5 Round Up to a 4

So when is the best time to enjoy an excellent ""Chef"" special chirashi/sushi/sashimi at Yutaka or most of the Japanese restaurants around town? The answer is no one knows... not even the Sushi Chef as it is really depends on the shipment that arrives everyday. 

I was all psyched up to enjoy one of the Chef Special during my visit to Yutaka. And sadly after talking to the chef telling me that's not any fresh and unique fish available... I ended up just ordering a normal Sushi Platter. 

Sushi Lunch ($19) has a good selection of fresh fish which I really enjoyed. The only think maybe the spicy roll which was overdosed with spicy mayo.

I like the spacious and comfortable seating. 

I came right at 11:30 am when the restaurant opened to beat the lunch rush. By 12:30 pm, the place was full and seemed like they need more wait staff. So come here either for early or late lunch!"
"Nova Era Bakery
O
V
E
M
B
E
R

Nova Era Bakery is the first stop of our November Food Crawl.

Nova Era seems to be popping up everywhere in the GTA, which I am not too surprise. 

On this particular November Sunday this location was packed with people lining up for bread and pastries to go or just want to grab a quick coffee or like us just want to chill a bit where table services were offered.

The prices are affordable here as we enjoying our first meal of the day:

Cappuccino Med ($2.71)
Egg Custard ($1.15)
Carioca ($1.52) - which I found out is a weaker version of espresso which is having the hot water running through the ground coffee a second time

Services was quite fast... a little indifferent but the place was kind of busy with almost every table being occupied.

And aside from getting our Java fix, we even got a chance to pick up a lotto ticket when we were paying at the cash!

NEXT!!"
"Opera Bob's Public House was never in my plan.... Since my to go place Cocktail Bar was not open... so I ended up coming here for a pre dinner drink... 

It was 7 pm on a weekday... so the place was quiet.... the bar stool area looking out to College Street was quite delightful to people watch or just chill...

Bartender was really friendly and smiley... the vibe is laid back and the drinks are cheap....

I definitely would come back here for a drink or 2 when I am in the area..."
"I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at II Sogno Ristorante. Grano up the street has always been my default Italian restaurant when I am in the area. Armed with a voucher of $15 for $40 for drinks and food, I am willing to give II Sogno a try. 

The restaurant is really small, but there were only 3 tables occupied on this Sunday evening so it was not crowded at all and the services was decent even with the lone waitress. 

Drinks specials $4 a pint draft beer... I am IN!! And there seems to be daily drinks specials.... so even if you are eating just drop by a drink! 

Tue/Thu: BYOW no corkage fee 
Fri: $4 Martinis 
Sat/Sun: $4 Pint 

Caesar Salad ($10) was nicely done. Romaine was super fresh with right amount of dressing 

Linguine Di Mare ($18) has generous amount of seafood. The tomato based was rich and the pasta cooked al dente... 

Quattro Stagioni ($15) 1/4 prosciutto, 1/4 mushrooms, 1/4 sauce and 1/4 brocconchi cheese freshly baked in the brick oven..... The crust was thin and crisp and with the right amount of sauce! 

We really enjoy our food here at Il Sogno! And I prefer the more intimate atmosphere here than Grano next door...."
"Juxatapose smells like a spa!

Love the selections of beauty products as you won't be finding those in most of the stores in the area. You can smell and sample all you want before buying too!

There are also little gifts for all ages including for the new born, love those Jellycat plush toys!

And of course tons of items for kids and adults of all ages.

Great place to get your shopping done for the Holidays and that special occasions!"
"Holiday Inn Select was not my first choice when I was planning for 3 days trip to Montreal, but I just could not pass the ""Sweet Deal"" that offers by Montreal Tourism: half price for 2nd/3rd night, Free breakfast, Coupon books...etc...

The hotel though is really convenient as it is just across the street from Metro Station Place-d'Armes..hop on Metro and it can get you everywhere. Within walking distance to Old Montreal, St Catherines, St Denis.. if it is nice and warm, basically you can walk everywhere. 

The hotel itself though is dated. The Oriental theme is a little cheesy... but I guess since it is located in Chinatown. My Yelp Friend at first thought it is a temple from a distance then find out it is our hotel! 

No fridge in the room to cool my beers and wines, but you can get some ice at the machine on every floor.

The Parking though has in and out privileges is a little pricey at $25 and the underground lot is a little dark and spaces are tight.

Free WIFI works perfectly but you will need an access code to sign in.

I will stay here again if the price is right......"
"Do Eat Chinese. Yes I do!

Do Eat Chinese took over the old location of Judy Cuisine. But there is nothing much left from Judy aside from one of their waitress Cindy.

A total menu revamped with a selection more geared towards none Cantonese cuisine. A lot of spicy offers for spicy lovers like myself. They also have noodle soups and one dish meal during lunch.

Spicy Beef Hand Shaved Noodle Soup ($10.49) has a nice rich broth with good depth. I do love the chewiness of the hand shaved noodles. If you like spicy, you might need to ask for extra extra spicy.

Worth trying if you are in the neighbourhood. But there are just so many restaurants around the area serving similar items."
"The Fox is a newly opened pub down at Bay Street and Queen Quay. 

Grand Opening Specials $3.99 for a selections of beers, wine and drinks which is a great price and good value. (+0.5)

Happy Hour bar snacks 50% off got me here but they were so disappointing! There are only 4 items for us to pick from that consider a ""Bar Snack"". 

The chicken drummies with BBQ sauce we ordered for $6 with the specials were pathetic and tasteless! I would not even getting it again ever...if I would have pay $12 for those, I would be really really upset! I don't think I really want to order any food at all from the Fox because the kitchen really failed to deliver! (-0.5)

Services were hit and miss. A lot of the staffs doesn't know what's going on.. The bartender just started working today, so she didn't realized that's a Grand Opening Specials nor the Happy Hour Specials. Nor she knows about the Wifi password.... (Wifi was not working probably as I couldn't sign in and no one working there really care or know why!) (-0.5)
.
The decoration was really chic and modern compared to other pubs. 

Since The Fox is having the drinks specials, the place was pretty packed with the after work crowds.. $4 a drink is quite a good deal.. but I don't know what's going to happen when the Grand Opening Specials is over."
"Shopping at The Bay inside Markville Shopping Centre can be a frustrating experience.

I am on the hunt for a carry one luggage and I thought I go check out what The Bay have on sale..as I naively believe there's really bargain at The Bay.

I fanatically walked around the store looking for luggage department as I could not find any store directory which is usually located near the escalators.

Maybe the goal is to get people walk around and spend more time in the store and they might ended up buying things?? 

Of course even with 60% off, the prices still a lot than other places? I wonder would ANYONE pay full price for anything here??

Cashing out can be a pain as I saw shoppers were sent all over the store trying to pay for their goods.... I hate Centralized cashier system....."
"Dropped by Village Idiot Pub & Grill for a quick drink before my long bus trip to Montreal on a Saturday night.

Bartender here is really friendly and great in helping anyone to pick something they enjoy from their great selection of 23 beers on tap! A lot of German and Belgium imports with a few of my favourite and most of them at $7 range!

Great casual pub for a drink or 2 with friends or even alone!"
"I guess summer is over when I planned to have some Roasted Marshmallow gelato..since it was not available anymore at Hollywood Gelato... Also the lineups were gone.. who is going to have frozen treats when it is under 10C at night... But we do!!

For $4.50 we got a 3 flavours to share...(sharing ice cream can be a really tricky task... but I can't imagine myself having one for myself then go for our UYE at Mezzetta Cafe Restaurant.

My pick was the Hazelnut while my lovely date picked Key Lime Pie and Mango. Of course I love my Hazelnut since I am fan of anything that is nutty!! The Mango is A-OK too... Key Lime is not my fave.. The Gelato and Sobert are all so creamy...and I have my doubts like other yelpers...

The interior has this weird spotlight.. which is not easy on the eyes and not the best lighting for photos..

I definitely will be back again when I am in the area!"
"Why are we here at Martin Bakery looking for desserts and sweets on a hot summer afternoon?

No Menchie or Yogurty in sight... I definitely think having a fro yo is the answer... or in fact even a icy cold drink!

Martin Bakery's selections of deep fried sweets might instantly sent me to to carbs heaven or hell. Heavy, solid and doughy... now I know why I felt like an afternoon nap right after!

Prices are exceptionally good as always! $1 for 3 of those I don't know what since they are all unlabelled mysteries... Just point point and point... flour, sugar and more flour...

Mutton roll ($1) though is the highlight, spicy enough, love the chewy layer and the spices sparkled on top!

Martin Bakery & Coffee Shop is definitely just a ""take out"" joint only as there are not even a place you can enjoy your cup of freshly brewed Krup coffee..."
"Village Ice Cream Shoppe is a small neighbourhood ice cream parlour. 

Decoration is really simple.. dare I said plain. You won't find that smell of baking sweetness In the air when you walked in the store since the cones here are not made in store. 

Ice cream varieties were limited on this particular weekday afternoon. Village Ice Cream Shoppe carries Kawartha and Nestle brand ice cream. Classic flavours: Strawberry, Vanilla, Chocolate, Cookie & Cream, Black Raspberry Thunder, just to named a few 

My single scoop ($2.59) Mango flavoured Kawartha was delightful and sizable which I really enjoyed. 

Village Ice Cream has it's own frequent buyer's stamp card, free scoop after 6 paid scoops. 

Nothing hit the spot than a big scoop of ice cream on a humid afternoon!"
"I love the idea of what Moon Moo Life Group is offering with multi activities in one location that cater to different interest and different age group.

Tai Chi, TaeKwonDo, Hip Hop, Aerial and Hatha Yoga and even Language Classes for the kids.

Thanks for Yelp Kick Butt 2016 that I had a chance to have a taste of what Moon Moo Life offers. Promising but definitely room for improvement. As trying to co-ordinate 3 different events in the same open space was hard both for the participates and instructors as we could barely able to communicate with each other with all the noises/music going on. But the best experience did go to TaeKwonDo Class demo as the Master's expertise in conducting a class with maximum interaction with our group.

Give Moon Moo Life a try if you are not sure what type of activities you are into. Their monthly membership is quite a good deal if you are still searching for what you really enjoy and maybe you want to have varieties!"
"This is the second Miniso's location I have been to and I was not as impressed.

The store itself is small and packed. The aisle is so tight and you have people coming in with their oversized baby strollers. I just walked in and then walked out because I could not even go around and check out what in the stores.

Maybe I come back after the summer when all the kids are back to school...."
"Bagel World's weekday before 11 am for $4.99 is the best breakfast deal in the area!

For $4.99
- 2 large eggs 
- bacon or sausage
- home fries
- choice of bagels! (love their selection of freshly house baked bagels!)

Cook when order, the food was fresh without the greasy oily taste. Of course I love my bagel!!

Though there was only 1 waitress working but she is fast and efficient.

Coffee/Tea is $2 bottomless. Freshly brewed perfect to jump start your morning!

I haven't try other items on the menu but from the quality of breakfast special, it is worth coming back!"
"This is one of the 3 locations of Kathy Nails and Spa, the other one are at McCowan/Bur Oak and Stouffivlle.

Dropped by Sunday afternoon as a walk in. They are willing to take me in and really apologetic when I have to wait while they trying to serve clients with appointments. Hey, it is ok! I understand why clients have booked appointments has priority!

The staffs here are all nice and friendly. The only thing is they kept talking between themselves in Mandarian.. I do understand but wondering if other non Chinese speaking clients maybe uncomfortable.

The nail polish choices are not as huge as Nailsense but quite adequate. There are 6 massage chairs for pedicure and they are quite comfy and the flat screen TV showing CMT channel. The drying stations has one of the UV fan that suppose to give you a quick dry and excellent finish.

The girl that served me does a great job and really patient. She even help me redo one of my nails that I ruinned before I even leave the store.

However, I find they do not do a thorough job in disinfecting the foot soaking tub. All they do is spray it with VIM and brush it clean a little.

$35 for a mani/pedi, plus taxes if you not paying cash. They also has a frequent mani/pedi club card that will give you a free facial after 10 visits. BTW, no extra charge for French!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"St. Lawrence Market is such a fun place to browse around even for a person that is not a good cook like myself. 

Just browse around and use my imaginations!! And of course there are food vendors that selling cooked food that I can eat with no cooking involved! 

I think I might have to take a day off to visit St. Lawrence Market during the Saturday market and enjoy the real vibes of a farmer's market!"
"Disclaimer:
- I think I have become a health freak... I just cannot eat anything that is too oil.. soaked in oil... deep fried and then soak in oil
- so the fellowing review is bias, opinionated... and may not be relevant to you!

I love Indian food! I love Chinese food! But just I still have not feel the love when they decide to become Hakka Indian food...

Hot Wok is quite nice and clean and dare I say Modern compare to some of the Hakka place I have been... The large Plasma TV on the wall is showing hot music video the whole time we were eating here...

Chicken Pakora ($8.50)
- after my Federick incident... ""The Worst Pakora in Toronto?"" I still have not find a place that serve anything that is worse than that...
- Here the chicken has been marinated with tandoori based spice... and then dipped in batter than deep fried.. has a lot of flavours
- The dipping sauce is AMAZING! Spicy.. refreshing and a little sour.. which balanced out the oilness of the pakora

Chilli Chicken ($8.50)
- Chicken deep fried then stired fried in this thick and heavy dark sauce!
- No sight of Chili?? I was looking for it really hard? Maybe my dinner mate ate them all when I was watching and singing along with the music video?

Manchurian Noodle ($7.75)
- Huge Huge Huge Plate of Noodle piled sky high!!
- This is one of the time that you wish that the portion is not that huge... 
- Noodle itself as is is not bad.. have quite a good bite...but with all these oil dripping ... make it not my kind of noodle

Manchurian Vegetable Egg Fried Rice ($6.95)
- Huge portion again.. every piece of rice is soaked in oil
- I am not a rice person..so I never feel the love and joy when a huge plate of rice in front of me and I have to eat that!
- My dinner mate that insist in ordering some rice hardly touch it because she was complaining about a vinegar taste... which none of us detect that

Service here is indifferent, but efficient... typical Chinese restaurant.. Waitress has more interest talking to the 2 young male patrons than serving us.

We have tons of leftover and I hope my yelp friend ate that at home as midnight snack will have better experience after heating them up in the microwave..."
"This is the 3rd location of the Sucessful Phoenix Restaurant which opened recently.

The menu and prices are the same as the other locations. Good food, fast/friendly services and reasonable prices!

The interior is nice and chic.

The place did get busy during lunch!

They accepts Cash only!"
"I have to drag my friend away from Hero Burger next door so I can try some of the Healthy selections at Melodie's... 

Specials of the Day are written on the chalk broad right by the cashier... 

Beef Kebob (Kafta) and Greek Salad to share was a perfect lunch. The lemonade was a disappointment though as it didn't take fresh at all. 

Services was friendly. 

If you in the area, and you want something different than just Asian food... I definitely suggest to give Melodie's a try!"
"I am not a ""Double"" expert, but I found Ali's West Indian Roti Shop quite good. 

A good place to stop by for some cheap good food!

The ice cream here is made in house, great for a hot day as it is frozen solid! Soursop flavour was refreshing!

A great pit stop when you are in the area!"
"Roots Yoga Studio is a nice little studio, with only 1 practice room and 1 washroom.

Though no lockers, there are some shelves at the side wall where you can leave your purses or valuables in the practice room. 

Both the front desk and the teacher are really nice and friendly, which is really important to make all the students feels welcome.

Thanks for Janna S for organizing the UYE: Yoga for Runners class. Even though I don't run, but always great to stretch out the hips, hamstrings and quads. 

Roots Yoga Studio is a great studio if you live in the neighbourhood!"
"I do like the booth/section like set up at Aroma Espresso Bar which is located at The Shops of Don Mills. 

The lighting though is a little white and bright for my taste, especially after I have a drink or 2 at the other bars in the area and just want to chill a little. 

The Cappuccino was delicious and of course that chocolate came with it made the experience awesome..... 

I wish all places would give me a chocolate... dark chocolate preferred!

Checking in on Yelp with the Free WIFI is as sweet as my little treat!!"
"I am rating Petite Thuet based on their macarons... so this maybe a little bias.

The choice here is not many as other bakery I went to but gee I still have problem decide which one to get! Life will be so easy if I can just tell the nice gentleman behind the counter to just give me one each.(not only it is not good for my wallet, not good for my health and if I ate those all in one shot I will definitely drive my food crawl buddy crazy!)

Pumpkin which is the seasonal flavour has this rich pumpkin taste. Hazelnut is good too... just have a hint of sweetness but with great nutty flavour. BTW, they are not as sweet as a lot of the other places I have. I found that is much better since the flavour will be more intense then just sweet sweet sweet.

The size is a little smaller but they are at $1.95 a pop! Also one of the cheaper macarons I have.

Petite Thuet also sell jar of French soups, packaged cold cuts and duck confit where you can buy and reheat or cook in your own kitchen and impress your friends and guests!"
"Stand Up Sushi is a really popular concept in Japan. Especially in Tokyo and other bigger Japanese Cities, there are numerous small sushi joints has this set up.

It is kind of exciting that Toronto getting our own Standing sushi bar. Tachi is small with only 8 standing spots with each 30 minute time slots. Reservations highly recommended but they do take walk in.

$45 for an Omakase experience. The nirgri was fresh and well made. Just like any omakase, the offerings is seasonal and based on availability.

If you here for a leisure and fine dining experience, you will be disappointed. The pace is fast but good if you want quality sushi at a reasonable price.

I enjoyed my lunch here and will certainly be back if I have a chance. Perfect for sushi lover like myself!"
"3.5 around up to 4 because Main St Greek is probably the only decent sit down Greek Restaurant in the area.

Greek food in Markham is hard to find. Main St Greek is definitely a welcome addition in the neighbourhood. My dine in experience was decent but does have room for improvement.

Spanokopita ($4.50) Not as fresh as the bottom of the pastry was hard and crumbled together

Loukariko ($7) Pork Sausage Flavored with Orange Peel

Pork Souvlaki on Pita ($6)

Loukoumades ($4) which was supposed to serve with Vanilla Ice Cream but no one told us they don't have ice cream till they served us. I would not have order this without the ice cream and we still charged the full price

The menu though limited but does have most of the Greek Classic. But I am not really sure if I want to spend on the more expensive item like Lamb Chops or Grilled Octopus. I will be back for sure though.... 

They still owes me my ice cream!!"
"I really enjoyed my Omakase experience at Shoushin. I would suggest going for the Ume ($80) if it is your first time here at Shoushin and just want to have a taste of what they offers.

I do love the diversity of their menu: they serves both cook food and sushi. The cooked food is interesting and love the plating. The plates/bowls they used are all so pretty and unique! Almost all the nigiri sushi are prepared by Chef Jackie which I appreciate but it was kind of stressful/funny when I saw him running across the sushi counter. 

Beer, Sake and wine menu has some interesting items. A little pricey but the sake sampler is a great value!

The service is top notch here. The staff all so well trained and fully understand the menu. Always polite, discreet and anticipate your need. 

Shoushin is worth the experience especially you enjoy Japanese food. I don't know if I would have spend $250 on a Kiku meal. But I was quite happy even with the Ume."
"I am not Northern Vietnamese Food Expert.. my usual experience is Pho and Bun, so I was really excited to try out some authentic Northern Vietnamese food at Hanoi 3 Seasons... But after eating here I am confused and a little disappointed.

The good:
The restaurant is really nicely decorated and have a Spa like feel to it and I love that!
The owner is really nice and sincere when he takes out order and give us recommendation and I always love good services!
Good, Clean washrooms, I really like that.. hardly any vietnamese places I been to have washrooms that clean!

The bad:
The food here is just to greasy. Everything are deep fried.. Even the Lemongrass Chicken with Coconut Milk are deep fried until the chicken are so dried out! The Cha Ca tasted ok but did not Wow me. The Fish sauce they served here is really weak, taste more like coloured water.

Since the restaurant was full with a big group of 30 people ordering the same time, the kitchen might be stressed out and thus affect the quality of food?

I might give the other Hanoi 3 Seasons a try but for sure I am not coming back to Queen Street location anytime soon.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"2.5 Stars! 

For The Love of Jo Coffee House is a ""cool and funky"" (according to their website) coffee house located in the historical Main Street in Stouffville. The atmosphere here is A-OK... but I won't say it is too cool and funky! :P 

The inside is nice and cozy. Lighting is dimmed and the decor is rich and dark. Similar to a Salon. There are some comfy seatings of sofas and armchairs at the back of the coffee house. 

Medium Cappuccino ($3.50) that made from a 1930 Chrome Dome replica espresso machine is meh.. I found the roast are not strong enough for my tasting... Too milky and lacking the strong coffee taste.. More like a Cafe Latte... 

Barista is quite indifference... doesn't have a positive vibe and the energy... 

For The Love of Jo Coffee House is quite laid back and quiet on this Sunday afternoon... a good place to bring your laptop to use their Free Wifi to upload some yelp photos or write some reviews!"
"3.5 Star

Love the set up of the dinning area! The huge windows letting in plenty of sunlight gives this place a feel of peace and zen.

Arriving for a late lunch around 2:30 pm. I was the last table for the lunch hour so service was attentive and food came out fast.

Aburi Signature ($30) - 10 aburi pressed sushi + 2 handrolls + 3 small apps. 

- The app is just passable. Something that AYCE serves, good to tie you over while waiting for the sushi

- I enjoyed the Aburi Sushi a lot. I like the varieties and they all looked pretty. I though have to guess what condiments and garnish used. I do understand it is difficult for the waitress to explain every single order to every table but some information would have been nice.

- Hand rolls were both a fail. The seaweed was soggy and chewy. The blue crab rolls sounded like a good idea but it was just mushy without contrasting texture and have no flavour aside of fishiness.  

I might come back in the future but hopefully they would have solve the ""handroll"" issues. That seems to be the most common complaint from everyone.

I kind of wish they have a real omakase option. Having the fish listed a printed menu does not feel too omakase."
"NoodleMi might not be the best noodle shop in the neighbourhood but it is A-OK. 

The usual self choice combination noodle combo for $8.99 or you can order one of their preset menu. All day combo and the better valued Afternoon Tea Set from $4.99 which both includes a choice of drink.

Feels like a family run/own restaurant as the wait staff though friendly but trying hard to keep up with the demanding customers. Hopefully, the staff would improve over time with more practice!

Taiwanese Fried Chicken Vermicelli Soup ($5.99) with Milk Tea
The chicken itself was quite moist but a little more seasoning in the batter might have improve the flavour! The soup noodle was hot and comforting. Ask for some chili oil to spice it up if that's what you prefer.

Grand Opening 10% off and at this low pricing, I could said it is value for the money."
"Ample seatings inside and outside, Tons of electrical outlets, Close to Lawrence Subway Station, Friendly Staffs..

If a Starbucks has the qualities above, always A-OK to me!

Quiet and peaceful on a Sunday evening.... I was napping again while drinking my coffee...... waiting for my Ipod to charge up!."
"Hot and Spicy? Perfect for the weather is cold and I heard it is going to be snowy?!

I love Noodles and can never resist a hot bowl of soup noodle. Dandelion Noodle has a good selection of noodles: braised, soup, dry, cold and more. 

Dropped by for a late lunch. I was the only person in this big spacious dinning room. Service was fast and friendly.

Potato Glass Noodle in Spicy Mala Soup ($8.99) 3 chili spicy was quite spicy. I had tears in my eyes while eating the noodles. Love the toppings: dried tofu, mushroom, enoki mushroom, kelp, veggie, potato slice, luncheon meat and half an egg. 

Should I challenge that Pickled Pepper soup base with 4 chili next time?"
"3.5 Star 

Marjane Cafe is more than a Moroccan cafe. Aside from food and drinks, it also a Moroccan home deco and furniture store.

There is no official opening hours for Marjane Cafe... no where in the front of the stores or online. The sole owner, cashier, food server just opens whenever there are customers?! But on weekend he keeps the cafe opens till past midnight. 

Moroccan Mint Tea ($5) served in a large tea pot with just a taste of honey was quite good, wish there are more minty though! The little puppet like tea pot handle cover was just so too cute!! I couldn't stop playing with it!

For food.. we just asked the owner to serve us whatever he recommended...so we ended up having: 

Chicken Lemon Tajine with Frittata ($12.95) 
My Yelp friend was served this chicken thigh..maybe he knows that he is a leg person and he was looking for belly dancer?? The potato frittata was a little too heavy for me... but he finished everything... I guess it was not Ok? But he finishes everything usually... 

Chicken Pastilla with Couscous Salad ($8.99) 
I love my Chicken Pastilla which is really savoury with taste of both sweetness and saltiness. I love the mixture of almond, pistachio and powder sugar! Couscous Salad with a nice cumin dressing was refreshing for a hot summer day! 

Marjane Cafe is also a Hookah Bar if you are into Shisha... I wish they have some day beds so I can enjoy a shisha/sipping mint tea while lounging around!"
"Free Wifi access
Late hours every weekdays
Tons of electrical outlets
Piano room you can book for practicing 

And I can actually find a study booth!

Toronto Public Library Parliament St Branch is A OK in my Book!

In fact I am writing this review LIVE, listening to some one practicing piano!"
"I have to remember one thing whenever I go eat at a Hakka Indian restaurant is that they are not really catered to Chinese that used to eat Chinese Chinese food. I can see the horror on the face if I take some of my Western friends to a Hong Kong Style Cafe which does a Chinese twist to Western food.. that's how I feel when I eat at all the Hakka places in Toronto. 

Price wise it is great! Especially with the Lunch Specials at $5.75 that includes a pop. I will be so stuffed eating one of their lunch dishes, weighted down with all these oils and spices. 

Chicken Pakora does redeemed my faith in venturing to another Hakka place in the near future as those deep fried chicken balls are so damn tasty and spicy!! Using real whole fresh chili give this dish the needed heat!! The use of dark meat though not healthy but oh so moist and tender... 3.5 stars 

Crispy Beef is nasty!! It suppose to be hot.. as stated in the menu. It is just covered in brownish sauce and those shredded of meat has no resemblance to any beef I ever have before... advice: don't ever order that! ... -1 star 

Chili Chicken can be more spicier and hotter.. hotter in the sense of pipping hot... a 2 star dish.. not bad but not good enough for me to recommend for anyone. 

The side order of rice is just warm to touch... and hard and grainy... 

The deco and services here remind me of one of those small town restaurants. The young waitress in her jeans, wind breaker and dirty white sneakers does look really confused... service is not there.. but you cannot really expect service here.. cheap, quantity is what you expect... 

If you into Indian spices and deep fried dishes, this is the place to go. 

The search of what is Hakka continues...."
"Stick with Sushi ... stay away from Soba noodle!! 

Specials 2 for 1 for soba/udon noodle soup brought me back to Sushi Tei.. Now I know why it is call Sushi Tei, not Noodle Tei 

Seafood Soba ($10.95)/Soba with Shrimp Tempura ($10.95) 
- The soup base is quite good... salty with a hint of sweetness... fish flavoured sweetness 
- The Seafood Soba has shrimp, mussel, squid and is plentiful 
- The Tempura though is a Little disappointing.. they tasted like they were deep fried a while ago... and is a little cold 
- Soba does not taste good in noodle soup especially when it was not cooked properly!! The soba tasted a little starchy, soft and soggy... 

2 for 1 is good value.. since the meals comes with banchan and salad... but if I paid full price, I would not be happy!"
"I am a Tea Drinker.. so my review of Davids Tea can be a little bias.

The reason I know about Davids Tea is because I receive a gift box Tea Party and I tried their tea at the yoga studio I frequent.

I have to agreed with other yelpers, this store is so clean and chic. I would not have know it is selling tea. I was there on a Monday afternoon so the store was really quiet.

I just want to take a photo of the storefront. But the nice sale lady ask me to sample 2 of the tea she prepared. Yummmm

And of course, I ended up buying some tea.. The Bear Trap ($6 for 50g) since I ask her to recommend some berry based tea for me. She gave me 3 choices and let me smell them.. they all smell so so good! 

I would definitely go back and sniff some more tea... and I would go online first to do some research so I can narrow down which one I want to sniff out!"
"I have been here for dinner at Nak Won a couple of time since my first review.

Sadly, the quality of food has been going down hill and with the latest price increase, I don't think I will be coming back.

Yesterday night, the 2 soups we ordered were just bad.

Pork and Kimchi Stew (DwaejiGogi Kimchi Jjigae) tasted like tomato soup! 
 
Korean Beef Short Rib Stew (Galbi Jjim) was so overly sweet and has the consistency and taste of Chunk Sirloin Beef Stew. 

It was bad..........."
"3.5 Star

I have been coming to Elite Congee & Noodle numerous time for late lunch/afternoon tea special so I am now ready to write my review...

I had various soup noodle and stir fried noodle which were all really good. Their afternoon tea special from $2.60 includes a choice of drink (tea/coffee or red bean ice) definitely great value!!

Service here is quick and friendly. 

Dinner menu has quite selection of Cantonese stir fried dishes and other selection, so it is not just ""Congee & Noodle"".

Menu here are mainly in Chinese so might be a problem if you don't read Chinese, maybe just get one of your friends to go with you!"
"3,5 Star

King Edward's Arms is surprisingly small but cozy. 

Came by during a NHL Leaf Playoff games and the place was not too busy but still have this friendly neighbourhood vibe. One of those everyone knows everyone.

Beer Selection though not too exciting but has a few English beers on draft.

The King Cheese Fries ($6.95) was surprisingly good for a pub. Fresh out fries not those cold and frozen ones that I have experienced as other pubs I have been to. (+0.5 star)

Wish there are more intimate neighbourhood pubs similar to King Edward's Arms. 

Happy Hour Special (1/2 price Appetizer Mon-Thu 4pm-6pm) anyone??"
"Tea A Break Tea House is another new bubble tea place that opens at the plaza on Midland and North or Finch.

Opens till 1 AM makes this bbt joint a great place to hang out with friends late at night compare to Tim Hortons.

Deco is young with Anime theme so you can expect the noise level can be quite high. Asian pop music in the background with young people chatting and playing card games. (revised: noise level extremely hard as people here just like to yell and scream at one and other?)

Only one friendly server/bubble tea maker/cook  this afternoon made the wait a little longer for service and my drink.

Lychee Iced Black Tea with Tapioca ($3.99+$0.50) is nice and refreshing. The Tapioca is soft and chewy and plentiful! 

Free Wifi... I can stay here for awhile... one thing missing might be some cozy sofas!

Grand Opening Specials 15% off dine in/25% off for take out till end of October."
"Wako used to be Hiro... Hiro used to be.......?

Now a sushi sake bar with a Korean only menu for people that read Korean...secret live Halibut menu!

You will be happy if you are into rolls... rolls of rolls.. I found menu a little boring.....

Yawn.. My friends ordered:

- Miso soup ($1.50) 
- KaKitama Soup ($3.00)
- Dynamite Roll ($6.95)
- Spicy Tuna Crunch Roll ($6.95)
- Rainbow Roll ($9.95)
- Spider Roll ($9.95)
- Shrimp Tempura ($7.95)
- Ika Yaki ($7.95)

Food is decent.. service is efficient..

I found the rolls on the smallish side... and I think I need to eat a lot of those to be full... Maybe those friends I was with ate all the rolls while I was busy taking photos."
"Levant is a small, family restaurant specialized in serving ethnic Mediterranean Northeast African cuisine which includes countries of Algeria, Libya, Morocco and Tunisia. 

A Northeast Africa theme restaurant is quite unique in the area and I was looking forward to visit since it opened as I really enjoy the flavour of Moroccan and Tunisian food.

We shared 2 appetizers and 3 mains:

Msa'aah - Toasted eggplants dipped with our signature tomato sauce stuffed with 
seasoned ground beef ($7.99)
- Cheese and more cheese.. bubbling hot.. 

Msakhan - Baked thin bread topped with onions sautéed in olive oil and our special sumac seasoning ($6.99)
- Love the sumac seasoning, giving it a nice kick! The roast almond gave it extra texture

Chicken tagine  - Slow-roasted chicken breast mixed with chickpeas served with couscous ($18.99)
- Chicken itself taste a little bland and tough. The sauce has a hint of spiciness but quite one dimensional
- 4 small piece of chicken, a little overpriced 

Ma'alobeh (upside down)  - Rice cooked with cauliflower and lamb served with cucumber salad ($19.99)
- The lamb was tender but lack seasoning and the rice was cooked crispy with interesting crunch
-  But seriously with just 1 piece of lamb, rice and cauliflower for $20!?!! 

Freekeh - Seasoned quail served with freekeh and cucumber salad ($19.99)
- I love quail, so this is the main course I enjoyed the most out of the main courses we ordered
- Green wheat is quite interesting, remind me of barley. A really healthy option as  Freekeh has at least four times as much fibre as some other comparable grains and higher in protein compared to couscous and rice.

The food was A-OK but a little pricey as the portion is quite small. Dessert offerings though was a little disappointing: Tiramisu and Mango Cheesecake?! Oh I forgot I am in Vaughan.... 

Service here is helpful, friendly and attentive. The deco is simple but nice. 

I left a little confused after eating at Levant Restaurant. I just felt like something was missing.. but I know I was still hungry and I was ready for another meal..."
"My fellow yelper's friend makes me feel like I am on a crusade to visit every single independent espresso bars in GTA... Of course the new T. A. N. coffee is the one of those on my hundreds Yelp bookmarked to go list. 

T. A. N. definitely is not ready yet... as when I walked in, it feels like it is still under renovations (in fact it is really under renovations, there were workers tiling the washroom floors!)... the empty space, walls... just lacking any identity... 

Cappuccino ($3.50) which was awesome was made from Sumatran Mandehling, the flavour is more bold, nutty and have great depth...Oh and the latte art is yes a piece of art.. 

Maybe I just spoiled by T. A. N. location on Queen Street which has so much character both in seatings and decorations... but maybe giving Baldwin's location sometimes.. it will mature and be much better than her older sister!"
"I am glad I stayed with the Medium Special Pho ($6.99) instead of ordering the Large for an extra $1. The Medium Pho at Saigon King is huge.........

Let's see... Cold Vietnamese Coffee for $3.50 and Wait! A bottle of beer for $2.99!!! Why beer is cheaper than coffee?? What kind of world is this?? I almost want to have a beer in the middle of the day.......

How's the Pho? Though the noodle was not fresh, it was cooked properly without that nasty after taste. The broth has the taste of star anise and has good depth.

There are also some Thai and Malaysian Curry on the menu too. The prices are all quite reasonable. The service is friendly and fast.

I think I will come back for some Vietnamese Food and a beer to go with that!"
"The 2nd location of Sushi Tei Japanese Restaurant. (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/sushi-tei-mississauga). Found a coupon for 20% off grand opening special from August 12 - 19 so decided to give it a try.

The restaurant is nicely decorated. They kept most of the set up of Chef Thai Fusion (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-chef-thai-fusion-thornhill) but put a little Japanese twist to it.

The place is owned and runned by Korean, so you see both Japanese and Korean items on the menu. We opted for the Osaka Dinner set for 2 ($49.99) which includes:

- 2 miso soup (quite good, not too salty and is steaming hot!)
- 2 salads (nice Japanese dressing)
- Deep Fried Tofu (the tofu itself is quite good, but too much dressing on top, I have to scrap it off)
- Tempura (too too oily! tasted like the oil is stale, the worse part of the dinner)
- Sashimi (the fish are all thickly cut and fresh and is nicely presented, highlight of the evening)
- Spicy Tuna Roll (only so yummy!! Love the touch of lime to put a twist on the roll.. they just melt in your mouth good!)
- Beef Teriyaki (Cooked perfectly, medium to meduim rare, the beef is nice cut and really tender. The teriyaki sauce a little too much though)

Comp
- Grilled Salmon Head (I don't eat that, but my dinnermate ate the whole thing so fast, must be good?)

The service is fast and friendly. The food is fresh, plentiful and good presentation. Love the 20% off coupon!

If they would have take it easy on the sauces...and change the oil for deepfrying, it will be a 5 stars experience!

They do have lunch specials, will be back for lunch to try other dishes!

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Came back to WEGZ to catch the closing ceremony of the Olympics. 

What a difference this visit as the bar is almost empty! A little too quiet but at least I can sit wherever I want, I can get services and a good view of the screen.

Drafts selection is decent with almost the whole line up of Keith's, Rolling Rock, Amsterdam's, Stella, Guinness and Hoegararden.

If with a group, definitely get the Brewtender (80 oz) to share! Just love those beer towers!!!

Great places definitely is a great place to chill with your friends with or without catching a game! Maybe next time I will order some food to go with my beer tower!!!!!!!!!!"
"Dim Sum the whole day? Here at Tak Fu, you may able to order dim sum if you have cravings at odd hours.. as who said dim sum is only good for breakfast and lunch?

This place is small to be a dim sum restaurant as on holidays or weekends prime lunch area, there maybe a wait. Try not to get the table in the front at this time as you might be pushed and shuffled by the waiting crowds.

Prices are quite reasonable with Small ($2), Medium ($3), Large ($4) and XL ($4.80).

We ended up sharing:

Sweet and Creamy Bun (M)
Steamed Shrimp Dumpling (M)
Steamed Pork Dumpling (M)
Steamed Chicken Bun with Minced Ginger (S)
Beef Rice Noodle Roll (M)
Speciality Pastry (L)
Steamed Bean Curd Roll with Satay Sauce (M)
Steamed Beef Dumpling (S)

After eating all these buns and dumplings, I am definitely stuffed! Most of the dishes we ordered were quite standard, nothing too amazing. 

Tak Fu does serves Cantonese dishes for dinner. The dinner set are priced reasonably too.

Service here is a little confusing as our orders kind of delivered to the table next to us.. But aside from that the staffs are quite friendly.

It is an ok place to have dim sum in the area, but if you want to impress your date or have a more laid back experience where you can hang out and sip your tea, I would suggest you go somewhere else!"
"3.5

I am excited that a ""cocktail"" lounge finally opened in East Markham! I want to sip on fancy cocktails when is perfectly balanced just like I can enjoy one Downtown Toronto.

Draco Markham has a lot of potential. It is not perfect but since it is new, I hope they can and will improve down the road.

Love the drink menu, it does includes a lot of the classic and the bartender is happy to make anything for you, just ask. We tried 4 different drinks and I did notice they were a little water down. Probably from the ice melting too fast in the shakers. 

For a cocktail lounge vibe, they really need to tune down the spotlights during after hours. The main lounge area lighting is just way too bright and white! Perfect for taking photos but not for sipping cocktails.

Service was friendly and cheerful.

I have not try the food as yet, maybe I will be back for that and some more drinks."
"You can learn a culture from their Desserts? Then come to Patchmon's Thai Dessert and More for a taste of ""Real"" Thailand and its People.

The 2 sweet shop owners just reminds me of the kindness and hospitality of Thai. A big smile, A warm welcome and one got to try every single dessert available that day!! 

Just like other Asian desserts, nothing here is overly sweet. Some even has a balance of sweet and savory. 

Come here on Saturdays if you want to try some authentic dessert that needs special preparation. And of course you can always pre order some for pick up!

For most up to date selections, check out their Facebook page.

Patchmon's though a little far for me, but if I willing to travel to Thailand to eat, I should be able to come to Patchmon's for some of their sweets!"
"I have been to Adonis numerous of time and always have a good experience. 

It is always fun to browse around and great to get some imported Middle Eastern condiments or groceries that not available in other main stream Supermarkets.

Pita bread made in house and definitely intriguing to watch that machine pumping out all these pita bread on conveyor belt. And the in house bakery also has a lot of sweets which are sold by weight.

Adonis won't be my regular grocery store but it is nice to come here to get inspiration or to pick up some Middle Eastern ingredients."
"I don't frequent Sport Bar this size of WEGZ...

I just a little confused... I know on Saturday night when UFC, Hockey and NBA All star going on, I expect a full house...

But I don't understand why I am standing in the middle of no where or  right next to someone dining tables?? I got a little confused and a little afraid wondering when one of those bulk muscle guys in their jersey going to come over and physically pick me up and move me aside because I am blocking their view.

I guess I have to come back on another night or come early? or come with a reservations? I don't mind one day watching the Leafs wining the Stanley Cup with a good crowd here.........one day.... ONE DAY!"
"Double Ming Chinese Dessert is a nice little Chinese dessert place at Midland-Finch Plaza. 

Those little round table, wooden stools really remind me about Hong Kong dessert places when I used to go to. There are a lot of little Chinese decoration around the whole restaurant too. 

Dropped by here early afternoon, the place is deserted. I ordered the Turtle Jelly with Fresh Fruit Mix ($5.25). The price is so reasonable when compare to other rip you off dessert place. 

My order arrived quickly, it is how it supposed to be! The are tons of essence Jello inside mixed with watermelon, cantaloupe, honey dew.. but damn those canned pineapples and dragon fruit! People canned fruit are NOT fresh fruit! There is just a hint of coconut milk. 

I have to say this is one of the healthiest dessert I have recently. And the size is just perfect for an afternoon snack. 

I definitely will be back to try the ginger milk that is highly recommended by Joyees Y. 

Quick and Friendly services! 

Cash only!"
"This review is based on my Summerlicious 2014 Dinner experience.

I decided for Summerlicious 2014, I would go to Origin North again since my experience was just so awesome! And it ended up to be a big mistake!

I know I could not expect too much for $25. But most of the items I ordered were a miss more than a hit. 

App: (Great Flavours though small portion at least they tasted good!)

Calamari with chipotle aioli + lemon
Watermelon Salad with cucumber + mint + basil + feta

Main: (Both were BAD! Just tasted awful!)

Chicken Breast with potato + corn + tomato ragout
Caramelized Eggplant + Miso+ ginger + squash_tofu + soy vinaigrette
( Eggplant tasted so bad as I almost want to throw up eating it, maybe I should have ordered the burger?)

Dessert: (Portion was really small.. like a tablespoon of ice cream? but both tasted ok)

Strawberries & Cream with shortbread
Passion Fruit Parfait with coconut + frozen yogurt + pizelle

Wine pairing now is $17.50 for dinner which I decided to pass. 

I still having nightmare about those eggplant... and I kind of glad it was just 2 little piece. 

I don't know if I would be coming back!! 

PS The menu online for Summerlicious 2014 is different from the actual menu when I was there... How come Steak frites becomes Burger?!! I just so confused!"
"2.5 star 

This Advantage Car Rentals is located inside Formula Honda. Most of their business is generated from either insurance claim or courtesy car services for this Particular Honda dealership. 

Convenience if you leave your car here for services..since pick up and drop off is right on site! 

The particular car  provided for me during my services smelled mushy and felt like it has not been vacuum for ages...and just dirty... 

I am glad I just driving that for half a day.... for free.......

Strange thing is Advantage is renting out Toyota vehicles at a Honda dealership.... Maybe is a conspiracy?"
"Jubilee Cafe is another Chinese Fast Food joint in the Richmond Hill area that offers a quick bite for a reasonable prices.

The inside is nice and clean. There are a good choice of both Chinese-Western and Chinese style selections on the menu. The daily specials are written on the white eraser board on the wall in both English and Chinese.

I was there for breakfast. The service is fast and friendly. The waitress even remind me to pay extra $1 for extra item for breakfast. The service was so quick as I finish my breakfast in less than 15 minute!

Cash Only!"
"This Longo's has been around as long as I remember. 

Carries all the basic items, nothing too fancy.

They do have make to order pizza and a hot table if you want to pick up something for a quick bite.

oh of course a Starbucks on site too!!"
"If you only has $2 in your pocket and you have a snack attack, Red Sail Boat Bakery might be the place to go...

$1.68 would get you a cup of coffee/tea and a choice of bun/pastry... I saw a lot of locals drops by here for their afternoon tea break.

There are just couple of seats inside the bakery but they were all hoarded by retirees who seems to know each other chatting away.

Egg Tarts ($3.50/6 tax in) are some of the better ones I had in Toronto. The crust is so light and flaky, the filling is smooth and full of taste, fresh from the oven warmness....No, I didn't eat them all... Yes I can if I really have to... I shared them with my coworkers!"
"Sushi San is a small Japanese restaurant located at the same plaza as Restoran Malaysia.

Sushi San is decorated in the theme of traditional sushi bar with wooden chairs and tables. It has seatings for around 25 people.

I was there for lunch. This place is close to a high school that's why there are a lot of younger people eating here during lunch time. I don't blame them. Where can you get a good decent meal for $5.99 that includes soup, salad and chicken/beef teriyaki with rice? and you are served with free hot green tea?

The lunch specials: Perfect Lunch for $5.99 and Premium Lunch for $7.99 which all comes with soup and salad. I ordered the sushi combo lunch that includes 6 pieces ofr sushi and 6 pieces of California rolls. The sushi were all freshly made. The portion of rice to fish is really good too. I love the black seasame on my California rolls..

The good thing about eating lunch here is they have a loyality program of buying 5 lunches you will get 1 free! I was given one of those stamp cards to keep track of my eating.. This gives me incentive to come and eat again!

BTW, Sushi San also has daily specials for $3.99! 

As with places with a lot of young people, Sushi San does get noisy during lunch time, so come in a little later if you want a quiet lunch.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Black Hoof is a pleasant surprise for me! 

I never would have believe that I would have enjoy eating a Horse Tartar sandwich, Bone Marrow, Foie Gras Mousse(it looks like peanut butter! and of course taste much better!)

The service here is excellent!! Even on a Saturday night in a busy restaurant, my glass of water always refilled without asking! The waitstaffs are all really knowledgable and really patient and helpful.

The most important of all is the yelpers that I dine with makes the experience so much enjoyable! THANK YOU! Black Hoof is a great place to go and share great dining experience with old and new friends.

BTW, I came and secured a table for us at 6 pm right when the restaurant open, as I did not need to wait for one. I don't know if I would be that happy if I have to wait for over 1 hour in order to eat there!"
"Pit Caribou is a fun place for a beer. The vibe is young and lively. The service is fast and friendly.

I was here just for a quick drink to kill some time. I like what they offered and their line up of beers is solid.

Love the different seating options. Great for groups, couple and even single at the bar!

Worth visiting if you are in the area!"
"Novelty wise Dutch Dreams is a 4 stars.
Ice cream wise is a 3 stars.

I don't mind lining up for ice cream.. but when the line is not moving at all and it took me 30 minute+ to get ice cream.. that will be the 1st and last time I going to do that! 

The decoration inside is a little tacky, feels like I am in an amusement park, the kids just love that! 

However, inside is quite flithy... 1 star. There are flies everywhere.. big ones and the fruit flies. I just not feel comfortable eating the waffle cones that look so nice when there are flies around them. 

The nice server is really patient and doing a good job to serve us but basically he is by himself doing the takeout line and while the other girl has to serve the people in the sit down area.

I maybe back or I may not be back..."
"I was surprised I really enjoyed my Cream Puffs at Beard Papa's! 

I am not into sweet sweet thing.. but the vanilla fillings inside the puff has the perfect sweetness.. and it has the real taste of Vanilla.. not some fake white looking creamy mix that has the artifical vanilla favoured thing...

Yes as Karl R mention.. it did explode when I was eating it while having a leisurely walk in Pacific Mall... Yes Me with creams on my face and my fingers and trying to lick them off............ So suggestion.. avoid eating that in public!!

The staffs here are nice and friendly and even want to pose for my photos! They told me it is only around 200 calories per puff and I should have one more!

They accepts Cash only!"
"Food Basics has really basic selections but I do expect that. 

I though was really impressed with the meat selection. The Butcher Shop at the back which they outsourced to Nosso Talho https://www.yelp.ca/biz/nosso-talho-toronto-4 has one of the best selection of meat in the area and at a reasonable price.

You can either get their pre packaged items or order whatever cut and quantity from the staff directly. They even have a Mandarin/Cantonese/English speaking lady working there in case of any language barrier!

So now I know where I can get my meat for my BBQ!!"
"Having a leisure lunch at Bonjour Brioche on a cold winter day with the sun beaming in does made me feels I am not in Toronto. 

The small wobbling table and the cramped interior does give this place a certain ""European"" charm. 

I was a little unlucky because they were all out of baguette!! But I have a craving for sandwich and that wonderful side salad. The dressing is lemony and refreshing good! 

Service is like Chinese restaurant = fast, efficient and lukewarm. 

I might come back for some other dishes.. but definitely not going to line up for that!"
"I would not recommend paying full price of any of Moutain Warehouse's winter jackets or accessories. There are constant sale going on. Check their website for at least 50% off or more on down jackets.

Come and try them on and see how the material and workmanship is. Some of the fit was a little awkward and some downright bulky.

The whole store is up to 50% off? But some of the merchandise has the red stickers on and some does not and some has no pricing...??"
"The Franklin House was built in 1855 as the  private residence of Peter Douglas, who in 1859 went on to sell it to Bennet Franklin. In 1877 the building was converted to a Hotel and Public House which eventually in 1910 under new ownership was renamed ""Queen's Hotel"".  In 1927 it ceased to operate as a hotel with the  enforcement of the Canada Temperance Act, but has continued to be used for commercial purposes.

The Franklin House has now completely renovated and serves as a bar, pub, sport bar (NHL, NFL, UFC...) and a gathering place for the locals!

Love the patio here and with the heated outdoor lamps, you can even enjoy a drink when the weather gets a little chilly.

According to sources, the ghost of a young woman named Jessie has purportedly haunted the grounds since the mid-19th century, and her presence is still felt.

If you looking for a place to chill with your friends in Streetsville, The Franklin House just might be the one!"
"Every morning should start with a brunch breakfast at River Cafe!

A view of the River and located right inside Prince's Island Park. This is just like being in a Cottage resort without even leaving the City.

On Sunny day, be sure requested to be seated in their awesome patio! I made a reservation for 10:15 am so the early bird get to pick where to be seated! And by the time we left, the patio was packed!

Fresh Shucked Oysters
Eggs Benedict with Bison Chorizo with the Best Fingerling Potato
Alberta Trout with Taber Corn, Roast Potato 
Okanagan Pressed Pear Juice

Everything was cooked perfectly. The Trout has nice crispy skin and Bison Chorizo a treat for this out of towner! And their Fingerling Potato was one of the best I tasted!

Highly recommend for brunch/breakfast! Especially if you want to have a taste of Canadian cuisine using local sourced ingredients!"
"If you can come on a weekday for early or late dinner, I would highly recommend Lucky Pot. But any other times, you might find the experience frustrating and not worth the hassle.

First, parking here is a nightmare. The lot is small to start with and sharing with numerous business in the plaza. And make sure you park your car back in, it will save you a lot of agony when it is time to leave.

Since the restaurant is relatively new, it is quite popular. I personally don't want to wait more than 30 minutes for a table. I was lucky to be here on a Monday evening around 9 pm and there was no wait.

Kitchen did get overwhelmed by dinner rush. I didn't get to enjoy the dessert of the day because kitchen got too busy and burnt their dessert while prepping. The wait staff did tell me that they have some burnt dessert if I am willing to try. (Turtle Shell Herbal Jello that tasted smokey)

We ordered a few dish to try and the fresh from the wok flavour was good. 

Service was friendly and cheerful. 

Will be back on a quiet evening to give Lucky Pot another try."
"Sansotei Ramen probably one of the more authentic Japanese Ramen experience in the neighbourhood.

I have been to other Sansotei Ramen's location in Toronto and Markham so I do know what to expect. A great tasty bowl of Ramen!

I do like the set up of this location as there are more smaller tables as it is great for single diner like myself.

Tonkotsu Black with Thin Noodle was yummy and really hit the spot. 

I would be back when I have this ramen urge again!"
"If you are in Calgary Chinatown area, it is worth your while to drop by Calgary Chinese Cultural Centre.

The interior is modelled after the Hall of Prayers of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing. The 70 foot high ceiling is decorated with 561 dragons and 40 phoenixes. Make sure to check out the 4 columns with gold ornamentation representing each season.

The oute of the dome is covered in blue tiles imported from China and crafted by the same company that endowed the Temple of Heaven during the Ming Dynasty 600 years ago.

Aside from the architectural significance, CCCC also held interest class, events, performance and celebration that promotes Chinese heritage and cultural. Check their website for listings and schedules."
"Lunch Buffet Specials ($10.99) at Earth Indian is quite decent. 

We were first to arrive at 11:30 AM and we were hungry. The food at the buffet were fresh and hot... and we have the whole buffet to ourselves until the office crowd arrive at lunch! 

Tandoori Chicken was quite flavoured and moist.. the best item at the hot table. Curry Goat was tender but lack any spice..so was the Butter Chicken which has a really weak and watery sauce.

Naan tasted a little dry and burned lacking the fluffiness which I usually enjoy!

The hot sauce though is quite spicy... if you prefer a little kick to these non spicy curry dishes.

I think I will give Earth Indian a pass unless I am with friends that prefers less spicy food.. but if you do order a la carte, the spices level for sure can be adjusted to your preferences!"
"This review of Touro Churrascaria is on my experience for their patio, where there is an a la carte menu and drink specials.

Watching World Cup games and drinking $5 pint on Touro's patio might be one of the most enjoyable way to spend a sunny afternoon.

Patio is so spacious with a lot of different seating option for small or big groups. There is also shaded and sunny area if you are like me prefer to be in the shade but still enjoy some fresh air.

$5 domestic pint all day on the patio or daily specials $5 Sangria Tuesday, $5 Caesar Sunday and Caipirnhas on Sunday.. 

And for sure I will be back for some more World Cup action or just chill out with my friends at those comfy sectional loungers downing some Caiprinhas!"
"Walking along Dupont on a Hot Summer afternoon.... Saw the sign ""Moroccan Mint Tea"" $1.99, hmmm sounded refreshing... 

There are a couple of bar stools seatings inside Annex Hodge but it was unbearable hot inside with Air Conditioning. Luckily there are 2 tables set up by the sidewalk right outside... 

Moroccan Mint Tea was A-OK! Refreshing with a hint of honey and a drizzle of fresh lemon juice. Wish can be more icy cold...to combat the hot weather. 

Sitting by the sidewalk, inhaling the exhaust from the cars driven by during rush hours...... 

My Hot Yoga Date for sure will be interested in the Vegan and Vegetarian options Annex HodgePodge offers."
"Frankie Tomatto's is a good place to go for AYCE buffet when you are tired of all those Japanese and Chinese buffet places.

I only come here when there are visitors from overseas... ok one of that is my mother! She loves to try out little bit of this, little bit of that, she got to see what she is eating and when she does not eat Japanese, this is a good alternative.

Talking about kids having fun here! If you have kids, please go Monday. If you don't have any, please avoid at all cost going there on a Monday! I did not realize that Kids eat free on Monday with 1 paying adult... and of course the whole restaurant was overun by sugar high  kids. I have to fight with the kids in order to get my dessert/ice cream.

There are weekday specials, early bird specials.. so make sure you check out the deals on the website to plan your visit accordlingly!"
"Pigs..Pigs...and more Pigs...

I love Les Cochons Tout Ronds which is located inside Marche Jean-Talon.

Free samples on top of the counter always appreciate.. I silently tried out quite a few of the cured meat they offers.

Proscuitto, dry curd sausage, coppa, lonzo, terrine and much more.

Great to pick up some for a picnic in the park or just to snack on.

minimum of 100 g, with pate starting at around $2.

We ended up getting Lonzo and Pate for our little feast back in the hotel!"
"Ajax Downs is an ""Entertainment"" complex that includes Live Quarter Horse racing, Simulcast, Slots and restaurant. 

Nice and modern building with excellent facilities!! Dare I said they have the nicest public washrooms in the Ajax area? 

Over 800 slot machines starting from 1 cent.. not surprising to see a lot of seniors having their entertainment here on a weekday afternoon. 

Simulcast area let horse racing lover able to place a bet of their favourite off site.. and every Tuesday and Sunday you able to experience live horse racing on the racetrack. 

There is also Restaurant on site if you can tear yourself from all these excitement. But if you are just into a beverage, the slot area does have self served beverage area with tea, coffee and fountain drinks! 

Just remember it suppose to be fun... and the House always win! 

Good Luck!"
"What A Bagel not only has good selections of bagel, it is also a good place to grab some dessert to satisfy your sweet tooth.

A self served format where all the pre cut cake slices are displayed in a cooler/fridge. Pre cut cakes though can get a little dry if been cut for awhile. Napoleon ($3.25) has quite creamy and smooth filling but the layer of puff pastries were a little soggy and stale. 

The sit down area though quite nice but is reserved for table service during their busy hours till 3 pm. 

I will be back again to this What A Bagel's location if I am in the area to try out other offerings! 

I want to see that conveyor belt in action and smell that wonderful freshly baked goods in the air!"
"It is not easy to find a somewhere that serves Crepe in Scarborough... just trying to do a google search or yelp business search... Crepe de licious is the only business that comes up...

Crepe de licious is located inside Scarborough Town Centre... so you won't find anything to European about the experience.. just order your crepes and sit in the food court style area and eat it... (OK, you can close your eyes and pretend you are in Paris or something! It did not work for me!)

Black and White (Nutella® chocolate hazelnut spread, freshly sliced bananas) $5.85
- I found the crepes itself is a little soggy...
- one guy pre make the crepes and then when you order they just put in on the heated surface and put the filling in
- taste wise is not bad... but it is NOT Crepes a Go Go... 

The crepes at Crepe de licious would not be the crepes I dream about... it is better than nothing I guess..."
"Times Square Mall is located at the intersection of Leslie and Hwy 7. This is still the biggest Asian Mall in the Richmond Hill area. 

You will find all kinds of restaurants: Dim Sum, Vietnamese, HK style Cafe, Chinese and Western desserts (RUELO!!), Northern Chinese restaurants and many more!

There are also stores that sells cosmetics, jewellery, optical stores.

There are also spa services, hair salons, travel agencies.

If you are here looking for bootlegged DVDs, you will be disappointed!

The ground level parking lot can be a zoo during lunch hours and the weekends. But you will find plenty of underground parkings. Their underground parkings are spacious, clean and well-lited! 

BTW, you can also get  Free WIFI access in the Mall area.

OK I love this Mall! I go there every week!"
"Sometimes it is not easy to find places that open late on weekdays so I can meet up with friends for a night cap up in the burbs.

Alice Fazooli's was perfect as the kitchen stays open till 11:30 pm. As we were the only table there, our service was really attentive.

Spaghetti with Meatballs and some drinks, a perfect and simple night snack as I love eating pasta any time."
"With this cold and rainy weather, I always have craving for comfort food. 

Gabardine  serves up all the classic comfort food. I am glad I am not on a diet, the Mac and Cheese was so cheesy, perfect for that Cheese pulling photo. Of course that savoy smoked ham was helping to balanced out the richness. My friend insisted on ordering the famous Chicken Pot Pie. It was freshly baked with ultra creamy filling. Hearty but I was just overwhelmed with 2 heavy dish for lunch!

Reservation highly recommend during prime lunch hour. We were seated right away in a packed dining room with a reservation.

Service was efficient and friendly. There are not too many restaurants in the immediate area serving this kind of no nonsense comfort food. I guarantee you will be happily stuffed even just ordering a main with barely any room left for dessert."
"This is an ASICS outlet located inside Vaughan Mills if you are looking for some good deals. Additional 25% off on some of the items that are already reduced. And additional 40% off on everything at the back of the Clearance rack.

It might not be as big and flashy as the Nike Factory Outlet just across but I found the saleperson a lot more helpful and approachable.

Drop by if you are looking for good quality runners and active wear at a discount."
"Mong Kok Chinese Restaurant does not remind me of any long time existing or out of business Chinese Restaurants in Scarborough... since I don't really go to any of them for dim sum... ""older"" Chinese does frequent those while younger people hang out at Starbucks or Destiny...

As note by Wayne C's the GOLD borders, frames , the Chandeliers and the nicely cushioned chairs which will be enticing and comforting  to the older generation..but obviously not doing anything for me.

I cannot comment Mong Kok for their dim sum offerings.. as I was here for a Buddhist Vegetarian dinner. 

Prices wise... since special arrangement has been made and as an invited guest, I don't really need to pay for it.. and I have no idea how much it cost.

The menu is pretty standard Vegetarian dishes... nothing usual or creative... but what is usual? what is standard? what is creative?

Most of the dishes I have were mostly DECENT, A-OK but some of them were SO-SO! But now what is SO-SO? 

Services here is typical Chinese.. but what is typical Chinese... Does it means good or decent or lousy?

Definitely not my FIRST choice or even second but if my yelp friend wants to come back and show me how the good old days used to be, I will go along for the ride.

And maybe him or his ""worm in the stomach"" (Wayne Worm) can inspire me and I can write much better reviews!"
"2.5 star

Chef Wong's is a new Chinese Restaurant that replaces Congee Wong in First Markham Place.

Interior has been totally renovated but still keeping the similar colour theme of green.

Menu is quite similar congee and noodle but with additional of more Cantonese stir fried dish which are good for dinner.

Cuttlefish Ball with Vermicelli in Fish Soup ($5.95), I am not even sure if it was fish soup as it lacked the fishy smell and taste. The vermicelli though cooked well with a good bite. Portion size though a little small as I can probably eat 2 bowls of those as snack. Loaded with MSG...I was so thirsty afterwards.

Service though was really friendly and courteous. 

No Afternoon tea special offers.

Just be really careful as the floor is really slippery. 

I might come back to try out other items. Not a bad option for a quick meal."
"Opens till 5 in the morning 7 days a week!

Spice Route will be a perfect restaurant if you want a pick me up or drunk food in the middle of the night.... Spicy enough to wake up your organs and your senses!

The interior of the restaurant is clean and modern since it did a complete renovation and there is not a hint of the previous Vietnamese restaurant at all.

Spicy Duck Heads in a Hot Pot?! I don't think I can handle that alone but that does sound promising....

Crispy Bamboo Shoot ($12.99) was so light with just a touch of spiciness would be perfect with some beers. Deep fried then stir fried in house special sauce would definitely wake up your senses...

Noodle with Green Pepper and Pork ($7.50) in a gluey sauce was a little too heavy for my taste. The noodle though was chewy and has a great bite. 

Waitress is super friendly and I think I am ready to come back to eat the spiciness item in the menu: Stewed Spicy Duck! And of course a side order of Iced water for my Yelp friend too!"
"Bonsai Hill is a really nice tea house in downtown Aurora. 

The atmosphere is cozy and relaxing. And the owner/server really knows his tea. The selections may not be as extensive as some of the other loose tea shops, but the service here is personal and friendly. 

Both the Green Tea and White Tea we ordered were refreshing! I especially love the White Tea which has is rich and have a hint of flowery Jasmine! The Green Tea has a strong taste of Japanese sencha, the more grassy taste may contain extra anti oxidants. 

There are also a lot of Chinese Paintings and Folk Arts decorating the walls that you can purchase. Tea accessories and of course loose tea leaves are sold by weight. The good thing is there are samples that you can smell and sniff so you can find the one that you like the best. 

Coffee and Cappuccino are also served here.. but I will definitely stick with their tea selections. 

Free Wifi while you enjoys your tea..but who wants to be online when you are enjoying a nice cup of tea and chatting away with your friends??"
"Another Chinese restaurants in Scarborough.

Similar menus, Similar set up,  Similar taste.

I had been here for dim sum and dinner. Both times has an A OK experience.

Not too busy on weekdays for dim sum early bird but I like the fact that it opens at 8 am.

The more modern decor is quite nice. Service was fast and friendly."
"Strange Love has an unique beverage selection. This is good if you are into more than a simple espresso based drinks or a tea latte.

With the selection, it did take my friends a long time to decide what to order as everything taste yummy!

There are though only minimal seating area at the back. The tables and seats are packed close together. Not the best experience for having your drink to stay. I personally think it is kind of nice so people won't be ""studying"" here for hours.

We enjoyed our drinks and my friend's Beet Red Velvet just so to pretty to drink!

Barista here are super friendly and cheerful."
"Back for an revisit at Sushi Tei the other night with a 15% off coupon. I am now more impressed with their service.

The Sashimi Moriwase ($19.95) we ordered is A-ok. Good mix of the standard fish selections and all cut thickly, not the paper thin versions at Gal's Sushi.

Korean Miso Stew ($8.95) hot and steamy. I asked the waitress if it is spicy when I placed my order since my boyfriend cannot take any spicy food at all. She reassure me it is not spicy at all (what an irony!). Ended up the kitchen put hot sauce in the stew. She took it back and deliver a new one for us. While we wait for the Stew, she got us complimentary sushi for our wait! +1 star. 

Services here is excellent. Thanks the nice waitress for all the complimentary food because of the wait... this is the only time I don't mind waiting for my food!"
"Mid Summer Evening+Patio+Great Selection of Beers+Yelp Drinking Buddy+Free WIFI

Equal a relaxing and enjoyable experience at Esplanade Bier Markt

I would have enjoy myself drinking beer and just daydreaming...... I found the food here uninspiring and boring... 

Beer Beer Beer! Just give me the beer."
"We walked in

We looked around

We rolled in some mattresses

We left

And the lone sale person was just too busy closing a sale which I understand.

No eye contact

No greeting

No sales

FYI: Their washroom inside the store is just so filthy!"
"This review is based on takeout Party Tray Order.

Highly recommend their party tray of mix sashimi, sushi and sashimi. Price is compatible to other takeout in smaller Japanese restaurants but the quality, selection and even quantity is much better.

10% on cash order and 1 day pre order over $30 comes with complimentary salad.

Now this is going to be the take out place if I having a party or want to have a tray of sushi all for myself."
"$4.99 Breakfast with bottomless coffee!!

2 eggs any style with a choice of bagel!

I would definitely come to Bagel World Thornhill for breakfast on weekdays after my spinning class upstairs!

And great for early bird! from 6 AM!!!"
"I just don't feel the love at 416 Snack Bar. 

With Zero Services as there were not enough staffs to work the crowd. The place was packed on a Tuesday night! 

Music was really loud and you have to yell at each other to be heard. 

Food was underwhelming and overpriced. 

I have the smallest mini mac ($4) I ever have. I can probably pop the whole thing in my mouth... and it just tasted really bland... McDonald's up the street might have been a better choice. Scallop Cerviche didn't taste much better..... 

Drinks was reasonable priced...but the selections are really limited. 

Not a good place if you come as a big group as 416 is relatively small... 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard with $25 minimum...."
"Baldwins Restaurant is really a pub and a restaurant.

Opens till 12 am Monday to Wednesday and it was perfect for a bunch of us to drop by for a post Yelp Elite Event After Party.

Local Craft selection definitely lacking.. the closest  one can get here maybe Creemore, Rickard's and Granville Island.

At least I got the Rickard's Oakhouse  Ale which is great for the cold weather! While my friend enjoyed their Murphy or Gin Tonic with tons of Gin!

I don't expect much whenever I eat at a pub, so no exception here! Banger and Mash ($11) was not bad. Maybe because I was hungry and with all the boozes I drank. +0.5 star for splitting my order into 2 portion for sharing without requesting!

The other items I tried Truffle Mac & Cheese, Pulled Beef Poutine and Sweet Potato Fries were all so so. Good only if you have a drink or 2 or more... since you might ended up drinking more beers because they are all so salty!

Baldwins is a decent neighbourhood pub. Great location right across from Go Station and with ample parking!"
"Loui's Kouzina is one of the best Greek restaurant up in Markham... Not that Markham has a lot of other choices for some decent Greek food.

Try not to come on a Saturday night unless you don't mind waiting... At 7 pm, there is a line up for tables!! 

Chicken Souvlaki with 2 sides ($10.95) is satisfying... Chicken is surprisingly juicy and has that right off the grill flavour. Though my food took some time to arrive, I ate the whole loaf of garlic bread while I waited....

Service is good as my waitress checked on me the whole evening and reassure me that my food would be coming soon.....

Now I know Loui's Kouzina would be my Greek restaurant if ever I feel like having some Greek food up in Markham!"
"My experiences at South St. Burger was quite plesant compared to other yelpers.

Got the WagJag coupon $5 for $10 so decided to give this place a try. 

Just ordered the basic burger combo $8.70 before taxes so the coupon just enough to cover the combo. 

Love the whole wheat buns they used.. firm and fluffy at the same time. 
Love the toppings selections: guacamole, big leafy lettuces, spicy mayo/ketchup, extra hot peppers...I made myself a spicy burger!

The meat itself I found it quite standard... but for sure it is better than frozen patties and the fact that it is naturally raised or other grimmicky thing they mentioned did not improve the taste of the initial burger. If I have to eat the meat by itself, I would said it is a little dry.. but when I eat with all the condiments I have to say it is A-OK.

The servers I have are all nice and friendly, but I just order the most basic thing on the menu, I really 

I don't mind come back again if I get another coupon... $5 for that combo is a sweet deal... but for full price? I think it will not be the first choice if I want to have a ""gourmet"" burger!"
"Pho Nam Dinh is a newly opened Vietnamese Restaurant in Scarborough. 

The exterior restaurant looks a little sketchy with the no permanent restaurant signage and parking lot set up a little awkward. But interior is surprisingly nice. On a balmy sunny day without blinds, the inside can be uncomfortably hot and bright, where is my sunglasses.

The menu is standard Vietnamese with the usual Rice, Noodle and Rolls. 

Bún bò Hu ($8.50) Viethamese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup was quite nicely done with the correct toppings: pork hock, pig blood, beef shank and ch la. The broth had a nice lemongrass aroma with a hint of shrimp paste which was decent. The only complaint maybe the portion size as I can ate 2 orders in order to be full.

I will probably be back to try out other items. Hopefully they would have blinds installed or I need to come back when the sun is down!"
"Decided to drop by Richmond Station without a reservation during a weekday lunch hour, not a good idea. The restaurant was full and not even a seat as at the bar for a single diner like me. The hostess suggested that I come back in 15 minute or so which I did and luckily a lot of people left to go back to work. 

Lunch Prix Menu $19 + $5 for dessert for this afternoon:

Quinoa Salad
- good flavour and refreshing

Southern Fried Chicken with Ranch Dressing Salad
- quite juicy but the batter tasted rather bland and boring

Frozen Yogurt - dulce de leehe, chocolate, smashed raspberries and maldon salt
- great combination of texture and flavour. Salty, Sweet and Tart at the same time...
- Dessert saved my lunch!

Service is quite attentive and my server is really knowledgeable with the menu.

I think I need to come back again for dinner then I can update my review. Lunch experience was just so so for me."
"I though wish there is an indie coffee shop but I am still happy to see a Starbuck opens up in downtown Brampton.

Right across from Coffee Culture, I do prefer Starbucks but it is more a personal choice.

Barista here is friendly and cheerful, all my requests were met with a huge smile. Tons of electric outlets! The patio here is just awesome!!

Great location for a drink break before or after a stroll in the area."
"Joey Don Mills in Shoppe of Don Mills is A-OK if you are looking for a place midtown to meet up with your friends. I definitely suggest to avoid coming here on Fridays and Saturdays evening as it is not really worth the wait....

Starter Caesar Salad ($6.99)
- for $7 this is the smallest Caesar Salad I ever have... I definitely suggest to skip as you can get Caesar at half the price and as good somewhere else 

Grilled Lobster Cheese Sandwich ($15.99)
- cheeeeeeseeeee and lobbbbbbbbbbbbster
- fries are cold and soggy when served, but  waitress got us another one immediately that is fresh after I complain..

Halibut Pasta ($19.99)
- Halibut nicely done... 
- my dinner mate finished the whole plate without offering me any.. so I guess must be quite good

Chocolate Souffle ($7.99)
- Warm Chocolate Lava Cake with Ice Cream 
- I had better but this one is quite decent
 
My waitress is nice and sweet with her little black dress. But I definitely think she has too many tables to look after and it is hard to get good services. Our meals were just served by someone else without even asking if we need anything else.. and we do need freshly grounded black pepper.... 

I do love their daily drink specials...  Maybe I drop by on a weekday when Joey is not too busy!"
"Dogfather & Company for sure is a nice pet supply store! Talking about you have too much money and you don't know where to spend it!!? Hey come over here and you won't be disappointed.

Sometimes I think pet owners can get overboard of what cute things they can get for their dogs..but really spending $21 for a stuffed toy... or a Tierra Bowl for $60 or a Art dog bed for $1400!!

But I can guarantee one thing is all their doggie treats are human grade and awesome and good for your K9 friend. 

My dog may have to look for a new mama if he expect me to shop here for him!

But definitely a nice place to browse around and pick up some treats! And make sure you ask your dog not to touch anything, if he breaks something he is in BIG trouble!"
"Nuit Blanche is definitely kind of a cool event to have so many streets car free so people can walk around. Just a good feeling when the pedestrian overtook the streets of Toronto.

I find the ""Art"" aspect of Nuit Blanche was just meh. The bigger exhibitions have such a long line up, not even worth my while to wait.

Great that they set up areas where different food trucks set up for business.

Not too many interesting things that worth seeing. But luckily the weather was nice and great night to wander around the city.

I don't know if I will attend again next year? Maybe if I am down in the city? But definitely not going to make a special trip just for that!"
"Mr. Congee Chinese Cuisine is yet another ""Congee"" Place opened up in Scarborough area recently. It is located inside Briddlewood Mall, so there are plenty of parking, since the Mall is never busy!!

The menu setup is really similar to Congee Queen... colourful and easy to read. There are though stired fried lobster on the menu which they are having a special now for $9.99 if your order is over $20 before tax.

Plain Congee ($2.25) and Chili Turnip Patties ($5.50) both were A-OK. 

I came back to take advantage of their Afternoon Tea Specials priced from $4.45 Mon-Fri between 3 to 5 pm which includes a choice of bubble tea or even red bean ice cream drink! It was awesome both in value and quality!! I would definitely come here more often to take advantages of that!

The service is not bad... the waitress was even nice enough to tell the table next to me not too order too much....and can add more if they need more. That's always a good sign that they are honest."
"We ate the hottest wings in the Wild Wing's menu and survived.... 

We started with 

Dusty Muckaroo - Honey Garlic and Extra Hot (5*) A tad too sweet not spicy

Then

Bubba's Backfire - BBQ and Extra Hot (5*) Too sour taste too one dimension

Then

Sweatin Bullets - Smokin BBQ and She is a Hottie (6*) Spicy enough and love that smokey flavour

I preferred them non breaded as we were given that option. As I found the breading a little too thick to my liking! The chicken wings though were quite juicy and tender...

It was a great night as Pint and Wings are going for $12.99.. washing the spicy wings down with some cool refreshing beer.... and watching a NFL game....

The bartender/server was nice and friendly and was smiling when she saw my Red Eyed Yelp Friend sweating his brains out from the spiciness!

Beer on Draft and Bottles are minimum, surcharges for Premium (30 cents) and Import (50  cents) which we happy to pay!"
"If you are a fan of non heated yoga practice or really into pilates, you would have love Core Studio. 

As a stand alone yoga studio, the yoga classes does lack varieties or the ""Hot"" factor. But personally I think Core Studio is trying to use Yoga to compliment their Pilates and bootcamp classes instead of the other way around. 

It is good for Core Studio in a way as it differentiate itself from all the other yoga studio that doing mostly yoga and have one or 2 Pilate classes a week or some yogalates class?? 

I do love the spaces...high ceiling... you don't feel like you are in a cave looking out to the windows... The brick walls does add some rustic charm to it. 

The Sunday late morning Yin/Restorative class I attended using my Passport was both relaxing and energizing at the same time. I love how the instruction gave my lower back and my neck/shoulders a little massage...using topical muscle relaxation cream.. it was just this numbing sensation... Then when we were in the final savasana a lavender head massage! :) 

The change room is small and no where really for your valuables... but they do let you bring your wallet into class. 

The prices for reformer class can be pricey but I might give it a try!"
"Davenport Library is one of the smallest Toronto area libraries I been to.

The collection here is really really limited... but at least everything is current and you will probably find something interesting to read.

There are only around 15 seats that includes the communal tables and the little 4 armchairs seating area.

The deco is quite modern and present though since it has been renovated around 3 years ago.

Closed Sundays and Mondays."
"Basilique Notre-Dame de Montreal is the most beautiful church in Canada... Definitely worth a visit...

I just love the deep blue coloured ceiling decorated with golden stars, the beautiful stained windows... all these intense colours... so pretty and breath taking..

I tried to visit every time when I am in Montreal... 

I know some would have argue that I can admire the church from the slide shows and photos from the Internet... but being inside the structure itself.. feel the space, the atmosphere and even the soft whispering of the building, that's the reason I  travel!"
"South China Noodles Delight for sure serves a delightful bowl of noodles! 

When I entered the restaurant, I was immediately hit by the aroma of meat broth... it smelled so strong, so rich and herbally spicy. This is always a good sign.. that the broth is going to be awesome! 

Oxtail Vermicelli in Soup ($7.50/big) 
- That oxtail is so tender... and flavoured... it must have been slow cooked for hours in a soy/spices based broth in order to achieve that level of tenderness 
- The garnishes: preserved sour veggie, coriander and green onion gave extra depth and excitement to the taste buds 
- Broth is really flavoured... with a hint of herb and peppery taste... no chili oil needed to enhanced that 

Size wise it is filling and good value since it is really time consuming for anyone trying to attempt to duplicate the same bowl of goodness at home! 

Cash Only!"
"Service here is good. Drinks was good but why the low star rating.

This Starbucks really needs renovation and a face lift badly. The whole place just feels dirty and furniture really worn out.

For a location that is so busy and has high sale volume, money should be spent in making the place more enjoyable for customers."
"Mom's Kitchen is the newest Korean restaurant that opens at The Mall at Langham. Menu is quite similar to most of any other Korean restaurants. Price is quite good as most of the items starts at $7.99. 

A+ for service. The waitress really takes the time to go over the menu and make recommendations and help with the spice level. She speaks English and Cantonese.

I ordered a Wooguhji Haejangguk ($7.99) which is the Hangover Soup. The portion is generous with tons of cabbage and bean sprouts. I was surprise to find a few piece of beef short ribs. Extra spicy was requested with addition of pieces of fresh Jalapeno. 

Side dish Banchan was weak. Kimichi tasted bland. Since I was eating alone, I was served everything on 1 plate. 

Mom's Kitchen does serves some decent Korean food. As there is not much other choice in the neighbourhood, I hope they will do well.

Cash or Debit only."
"Jian Hong Yuen is located inside the plaza at the corner of Kennedy and Dension. A solid Chinese BBQ joint. 

A rice box with any protein at $5. The portion is huge even I requested less rice, my order of BBQ pork and Roasted Duck ($6) was packed full! I like my BBQ pork but the duck was a tad too dry.

Great place to pick up something quick to go at an affordable price."
"Home Cook Taste and Comfort Food.

You won't be disappointed at Yang's Braised Chicken Rice.

I would go for at least spicy as I love the Thai chili flavour that really give the extra kick. Chicken was moist and quite tender. 

For $9 it is good value, especially if you missed the homecook taste and you too busy to make your own dinner."
"I have never been to the original The Halal Guys so I came with no expectations. 

Service: Really friendly and in fact they seems to be having a lot of fun. Good vibe all over.

Food: There were so much sauce, I could not even find the meat?! Beef was really dry and jerky like. Chicken was no where to be found. The white sauce has a nice garlicky kick and the hot sauce is hot! Love the hot sauce."
"3.5 Stars

I love Noodles! 

Cambodian Noodle King is an hidden gem in Newmarket if you have craving for noodles. The set up is homey and simple. I kind of feel like I am eating in a rundown Chinatown noodle place in somewhere in South East Asia.

The wait staff looks like my grandpa. The family vibe definitely there. 

Noodles we ordered was A OK but I did come with a high expectation from all these 4 and 5 star reviews. Am I impressed? I think for Newmarket's Asian Food scene yes. 

Worth coming if you are all the way up north."
"Smart Maple is located inside Woodside Square Mall.

Cute Stuffed Animal Toys

Cute little things for your house

Cute little things as gifts 

I don't know if senior shoppers are into cute things? But it is nice for them to get for their grandchildren as gifts. I am sure the kids or the young at heart would love them!!

Or Maybe some Yelpers?? Hey I saw someone Iphone using a Hello Kitty! motif skin! Cute!"
"Lobster 5 ways!  Really?  I can prepare a Lobster that many different styles?!


Thanks to all my fellow Yelpers for their support, I can finally try Omei's ""Famous"" Lobster 5 ways.
Along with a Group of 12 hungry Yelpers, we able to order 2 huge Lobsters that weight 16 lbs together. 


What a feast!

- Steamed 
- Stir Fried with Maggie Sauce 
- Deep Fried 
- Fried Rice with Brain
- Steamed Egg Custard with Brain



The steamed method was my favourite as it really enhanced the freshness of the lobster. 
Maybe I am a perfectionist or I am just on diet!



After we all feasted on the Lobster, then we were presented with 5 different kinds of desserts:

- Purple Red Bean Sweet Soup
- Green Bean Taro Sago Sweet Soup
- Mango Mochi 
- Deep Fried Egg White Chinese Souffle
- Black Sesame Balls - that looks like eyes


With great food and awesome companions, my Omei experience here is definitely a 4 star!
Please just order Lobster here or even the King Crab if you can afford that.


Just stay away from other cook dishes... I am warning you now! 


Pro-Tips:
- Bring cash, you may get a discount
- Make a reservation, as this place is busy
- Ask owner to sing for you, extra entertaining
- BYOB, maybe for some food pairing?

*3000th review all made possible by the help of the Yelp community, without my fellow yelpers I would never have a chance to experience what I had at Omei and other awesome places!"
"I never have problem finding a parking here

I never face huge line up

But I always here in the afternoon on a weekday... 

Love how I can just buy the tickets using their App and 10% extra off on Tuesday Special!

Compare to going down to Scarborough Town Centre or Fairview Mall?! This is way way better!

SilverCity RH is my To Go location for movie."
"Neo coffee Bar might now be my favourite cafe in the area for coffee and treats.

Kyoto Matcha Latte was rich and one of the prettiest latte art I have seen. V60 Pour over was nice and mellow, much better than what I made at home. 

And not to be miss is the Roll Cake made of Ontario organic wholewheat pastry flour and organic free-range egg!! Matcha and Aduki, my 2 favourite components was delicious! Highly recommend if you are into Asian sweets!  

The vibe here is modern and laid back. 

I will be back!"
"This review is based on my Summerlicious 2017 Lunch ($18) experience.

I had been to Jamie's Italian a few times while I was cruising on Royal Caribbean Cruises. The experience always been good as the food served in the ""paid"" specialty dinning venue usually better than the main dining room. 

I do love the location of Jamie's inside Yorkdale. The interior decor is well appointed especially the open area at the bar. 

Summerlicious Lunch Menu at $18 is decent. 

Starter: Crab Arancini - nice presentation, love the pickled fennel! The rice ball was just ok
Main: Spicy Sausage Casarecce - a little weak as a main, rapini and herby breadcrumbs were nice addition for taste and texture
Desserts: Orange Blossom Polenta Cake - tasty and refreshing! Creme fraiche gave it that rich creamy taste

Ginger Mojoito ($4.95) the ginger beer is spicy! But I love that! I would come back for the half price Mojoito Thursday to try out the real deal next time!

Service was fast though a little impersonal. My water glass was constantly topped up. 

Good option if you want to have something to eat or chill with your girlfriends while shopping at Yorkdale. I personally won't make a special trip coming here since the parking is just CRAZY!"
"I had bookmarked Union Station since I start writing Yelp reviews. 

It is hard to rate Union Station since it is in a constant stage of renovation. It has so much potential but it really needs a lot of work. But at least it is going towards the right direction.

Being a transportation hub: Go Train, TTC, VIA, UPS, it is used by locals and tourists on everyday bases. A lot of the logistic, set up and facilities are just so dated and need a modern update. I do love the historical look of the facade and the main hall area.

Hopefully after all the renovation and upgrade, Union Station would earn a 4 or even 5 star for me."
"This review is for the Cloud 9 Location post security of domestic flight across from Gate C52.

I did not really expect much from liquor store inside an airport. But the selection here is impressive! 100s of Scotch, Bourbon and other spirits from around the World! It is better than a lot of the LCBO selection in my home turf!

And since it is located inside the post security area, there is no worry about liquid restrictions for Carry On. One can spent a few hundred dollar here easily...

Worth checking out if you are flying out from YYC!!"
"Poke Eats probably one of the few poke places that always gives me great experience no matter when I visit!

I love how clean the interior is. This is really important especially when the business is serving mostly ""raw"" and uncooked food. The fish here also consistently fresh.

Staff here is friendly and always serves me with a smile.

TTC accessible as it is minute away from Yonge/Sheppard Station."
"Complimentary Dog Sitting Services!!

Hazelton Lane for sure is the only mall I been to that offers this type of services. And the fact that you can bring your dog in and browse around the store... it is so Beverly Hills! Maybe people can come walk their dogs here on a rainy/snowy day?

Aside from that, there are nothing really exciting about Hazelton Lanes..."
"2.5 star

Don't sit outside on Auld Spot Pub's Patio on the day before Garbage Pick Up Day! 

Drinking beer and smelling garbage from bins that were not covered up properly was not the most ""wonderful"" experience.

I was lucky though in a way that the beer I ordered was available... so no complaints here. And the waitress was friendly enough..."
"There must be  reasons that I have not yet visited Nak Won until a Yelp gathering.

Small and cramped without any ventilation. I smell like Pork Bone Soup after eating here and even my phone smell like that too! Good if guys thinks that smelling like meat is sexy, maybe my dog would think so?!

If the food is excellent, I would have been OK. But the Pork Bone Soup Table Cooking for 2 ($19.99) is just OK. Taste is just one dimensional: saltiness! I had better for sure. The banchan are run of the mills. 

If the service is good, I would have been OK. But service here is non existent. Especially if you are seated in one of the private booth. Why bother to have the bell? I just want to ring it till one of the waitresses comes in and yell at me so I can have some services!

There are so many other Korean restaurants around the area with similar quality of food but services are much better, seating a lot more comfy. The only thing that save Nak Won is the location, right next to Finch Station. But I am willing to walk a mile just to have better food!

7/15"
"I am a Samsung product supporter so I am glad that they now have a Samsung standalone store that I can visit and try out their products.

The set up here is really nice. I like the upstairs area where they showcasing their TVs. For their newer product S10, only a few in the front and it is supervised by product advisors. Good if you want to ask questions, bad when you just want to play with their products.

They do have repairs and service department. I was told to bring my S8 here for warranty service but apparently the fastest way is to take it up to the actual authorized repair stores."
"Tail & Paws feels like a Holt Renfrew of the pet stores!! 

Right from the presentation, the set up of the store(lighting and shelving) and the food/treats/toys they carries, you know this place only carry the better products for your flurry friends.

There are also a cabinet displaying baked cookies and treats. 

Oh and they also has frozen treats, soberts/ice cream? for your doggies for that hot summer days at a freezer near the front of the store.

Pet grooming is also available.

While I was there, there was a little doggie growling at me behind the cookie cabinet.. I guess he is trying to protect his treats!!"
"The Old Curiosity Tea Shop have a huge selections of loose leaf tea which was a pleasant surprise... I would have never expect how extensive their tea menu is... a full 2 pages of tea for one to choose from. 

The tea room itself is really Victorian and have really good atmosphere... which me and my fellow yelper made reservations for 

Afternoon Tea for 2 ($20/person) 
- The tea selections are awesome... we ended up selected 2 of the black English teas who were similar in taste but one of them was a little bolder than the other 
- The sandwiches were quite good... the standard cucumber, salmon mousse/dill... 
- Really disappointed with the scones with currants... they were way too bready... without that only so good buttery taste and not crumby enough for my liking... 
- The sweets is only a chocolate covered cookie... that is really really disappointing... 

I will suggest just skip the afternoon tea... but come to get some loose leaf tea..most of them are priced reasonably for $5/50 gram... and they also have a website that you can order online! http://www.cuppa.ca/orders.htm"
"Moksha Yoga then My Yoga Studio and now Hot Yoga Wellness.

Hot Yoga Wellness just took over this studio a couple of weeks ago, nothing major changes but slowly and surely the studio is changing and hopefully towards a better direction. But only time will tell.

I was not too crazy about the teachers and classes offering of other Hot Wellness' locations and if most of the regular teachers and schedules would stay impact as previous business I would be happy be continue to attend classes here. 

I will update in a few months."
"3.5 star = 3 for food +0.5 for service/value

All Day Combo for $6.95! 

Hakka 77 is perfect for lone diner like myself. Their All Day Combo is such a good value as the portion is generous and even comes with a choice of pop. 

Chili Chicken (chili, garlic, onion)
Manchurian Chicken (chili, garlic, onion, ginger, cilantro)

Both looked and tasted similar with the same soy sauce gravy base.

Hakka 77 now is on my lunch rotation in the area. 

My review rating might change after trying other all day combo items or even something from the regular menu.

Extra Spicy please and a ginger ale to sooth the burn!"
"3 star for food + 0.5 star for value + 0.5 star for being in my hood

MY Restaurant has now becomes my to go hole in the wall restaurant for cheap eats!

Generous portions, good value and no frills experience.

Don't expect anything fancy. Just simple ingredients and home style cooking.

Great to have something affordable in this neighborhood. Scarborough pricing in Markham. I hope they will be around for awhile at this price point."
"I like the concept of Indian vegetarian restaurant. I enjoyed my visit at Bhai's Indian Canteen.

Lunch though has a limited menu but I like how it is set up so I can have a taste of a few items, especially I usually dine in alone.

The decor is refreshingly modern with an Indian flair. 

Tiffin Shiffin"": Choley Sholey Tey Palak Paneer serves in small tin container with rice and naan. I enjoyed the flavour but the portion definitely on the smaller size for the price. But good thing is that means I have room for dessert! I ended up ordering Galub Jamum, Sweet!!

I have yet come for dinner but seems like a good choice to come with some of my vegetarian friends so we can enjoy the food together!"
"2.5 star

Toranj Resto-Bar is dark and dim inside... dark walls, rich coloured curtains, dim lighting......

For me I think Toranj has an identity crisis.. it is not really a Resto? since they serving Pub food.. don't you feel sexy eating Nachos for $3.99?? The drinks menu though extensive but the drink Purple Haze ($8) I have though looked pretty was really weak. Only 1 beer on tap? 

The seating was a little not sexy nor comfy.. at least where we were sitting? wooden tables with wooden bar stools? And TV showing soccer games?

Sheesha ($15) is offered here that's the only hint that I know this is a Persian Hookah place....

The waitress here was super attentive.. kept asking if more drinks were needed... too attentive!"
"Me Walking down Avenue Road heading towards Starsbuck .. No idea what Seven Grams is... Looks like one of those chic expensive designer furniture store when I looked through the window.. Then I saw ESPRESSO... I ran in so fast!! Bye Bye Starsbuck!

Such an amazing space!! I was sold on those orange space ship style chairs... how cool they look!! 

If you want more actions, you can hang out in the area right in front of the espresso bar... watching the barista at work and people watching always fun!! 

If you want some peace and quiet, there is also a lower level... benches with cushions.... tons of cushions...... 

I was lucky to find an outlet so I able to charge up my ipod and check in using their Free Wifi.. 

Cappuccino ($3.59) was quite good with great latte art. Seven Grams is one of those places that has this strong roast and I secretly wish there is more milk froth in my drink. 

Seven Grams now being my official hangout place when I am in the area! It is that awesome!!"
"Since my review back in March 2012, almost 3 years later and numerous visit to Wiang Kuk Thai Food, this is time for an update.

I like how Wiang Kuk had improved their menu selection over the years. You would find the usual Pad Thai, Mango Salad or Spring Roll that is safe and common in any other Thai restaurants in the area. But if you want to be a little more adventurous, there is also more unique item from Lao you can choose from, which I guarantee that you won't find in another restaurant in the area or even in the GTA.

I like how the price still being really reasonable with nothing over $10, just like how Thai food should be priced.

The spices and herbs are really authentic. Tons of complex flavour even without that additional Thai spiciness.

The food photos all over the food stall that helps in ordering made everything looks delicious and even harder for me to make a decision of what to order!"
"Rollian Sushi is a good neighbourhood sushi joint if you have craving for some Japanese food when you are in Bayview and Eglinton area. 

There are not too many sushi restaurants I have been to in the area that has a patio! Even it overlooks the parking lot, it can be an enjoyable experience to dine out when the weather is nice.

I came here after the lunch rush so I was the only one in the restaurant for a quiet lunch. Lunch Special starting from $14, at this price point it is above average for lunch. At this price point and with all these 5 star reviews, I did have a high expectation.

Chirashi & Soup ($15) has this awkward plating with some pine leaves as deco? The fish generally was ok but quite standard. Nothing really wow me. I am not even sure I would order a chirashi again here...

Maybe rolls are better option? It is after all call ""Roll""ian Sushi."
"Congee Queen has a limited lunch special menu for Monday - Friday... So limited that there are only 4 items on it...starting from $6.25 which includes a mushroom soup and 1 veggie spring roll..

I would say don't bother to order off this limited menu... value is not there... taste not there... feels like they have them precooked and left them under the heated lamp...

LB3 Fried Thick Noodle in Shanghai Style ($7.25)
-Soup is so salty.. and salty is the only taste..sliced button mushroom, a few peas and egg... that have non flavour but saltiness
- Shanghai noodle... so oily.. so salty... so cold.. so bad tasting!
- the size is smallish... and it is better off you order from the main menu

6 Whole Grain and Mushroom Congee ($6.99)
- Luckily this congee saved my lunch... even it is meatless but has a lot of flavour...
- all these whole grains inside the congee gives it a nice and crunchy feel
- I love mushrooms so I really enjoyed the assorted fungus!"
"Lau Sun Mou Tea Company is this little tea shop that specialized in Chinese Tea.. and Chinese Tea only.

How traditional is Lau Sun Mou Tea Company?? I don't know have you been to business that doesn't really care about marketing, making tons of money.. and have their principle...

It is family business where you really can talk to and discuss tea with a Mr. Lau..... and you better know a little about tea...and if you can communicate with the same language, then you really have an enjoyable time.

Though this is not David's Tea, you won't find all those fancy flowery tea or herbal calm your mind tea. Here all the tea tins are labelled in Big Chinese characters but if you look closely there's small English wording too.

Bao Shan Tie Guan Yin (Iron Goddess) $36/lb
- Has a really complex taste, just love the smokey, bold and strong nutty flavour
- Dark roasted give this tea extra body and amber hue 
- great value as it last a few infusions

Wu Yi Shan Shiu Xian Tea Class A (Water Fairy)  $28/lb
- First grade Shui Xian oolong tea is hand processed and allowed to oxidize to about 40% to 60%. 
- Medium roasted.. still have a slight smokey smell but more floral undertone...and a lot lighter in body

Prices wish is cheaper than David's Tea or other franchised tea shop.. FYI, 1 lb equals to 450g... at Teaopia Iron Goddess is selling for $36/100 g... you can do the math...

BTW, Oolong Tea may help in weight management and other health benefits... so I guess I need to go back to Lau Sun Mou to get more Oolong and drink them between my meals....

My friend is eyeing a $120/lb tea at Lau Sun Mou.. now it start sounding like a bargain! I want to try some of that!"
"Good Things comes with a price.

This Forno Cultura is located in the Promenade level of Union Station. A smaller version compares to other Forno Cultura as it specialized in Biscotti and small baked goods.

Everything here is priced by weight. This can be a little dangerous for my credit card as it get pricey pretty soon. Maybe go for the smaller lighter pieces so I can have more varieties? 

2 small cookies with tax = $7.40

Pricey? 

But one bite of my Ground Almond, I have no doubt that they worth every penny oh or nickel. The cookie base is soft and cake like contrasting so well with the almond slices and whole almond.

Writing this review while eyeing the Walnut cookie. It takes a lot of will power to not just eat that too. (That's my friend's) 

6 items or more no tax.

Maybe I should buy 6 instead?

Now I know why all the baked good are on displayed like a jewellery store. They for sure are pieces of culinary treasure."
"Now I know why my Yelp Friend sent me to St Phillips Find Bakeries..

Not for their coffee, bread, cheese, cold cuts or even their gelato...

I dropped by this afternoon for a cappuccino ($3.50) which was ok... not great... 

While I was sipping my coffee and texting with my phone in the small self serve seating area... all these groups of men all come in for their afternoon espresso fix... By the time I ready to leave, every tables were full of men talking about cars, work and women....

So while the ladies hang out in nearby Starbucks... St Phillips is where all their men goes..."
"I really feel the LOVE when I was eating at Lahore Tikka House!! 

I was fully prepared for a crappy under construction/renovation place before my arrival from reading the reviewers and from my fellow dining mates. But I find that the imperfection of the deco gave it a certain charm. 

We were seated in the ""Patio"", just love this open and communal style seating! It gave me a feel of attending a wedding with all the music and noises, a feel of eating in an Asian countryside somewhere (yes it did get hot with the crowd and all the spicy and smoke from the food). 

Garlic Naan ($1.95) 
- was so good... yes a full carb attack.. fresh and soft and oily!! 

Butter Chicken ($10.95) 
- deliciously oily, the sauce taste so good with the Naan bread.. the chicken itself is so so

Aloo Gobi ($7.25) and Chana Masala ($7.25) 
- hot and spicy and oily cauliflower and potato/chick pea! Guilty delicious and even my non veggie eating friend could not stop complimenting how good his veggie is!! 

Lahori Beef Kabab ($1.99 each) 
- soft and nicely spiced...and the sizzling hot plate makes the oil splashing everywhere.... hmmmm 

Kashmiri Chai ($2.49) 
- Pakistani tea tasted so good.. especially I am a fan of nuts... I drank that like a dessert! My first experience with pink tea.. now I am in love! 

Lahori Kuifi ($2.50) 
- creamy, custardy ice popsicle that never melt?? It is so devilish creamy ... just don't think about the fat content and enjoy!! 

The services here is awesome for a hole in the wall, under construction restaurant!! I have more attention than in one of those high priced snobby restaurants. 

PS the waiter was walking around with a long skewers of green chili peppers!! Just wave him down and he gave me all the chili I want!! :) 

I can't wait to come back here again with my dear friends!!

Talking about smell and smoke eating here! My phone smells like Butter Chicken....I can smell it even I tried wipping it down...."
"This Eggsmart used to be a Tim Hortons! Imagine a Tim Hortons going out of business and got replaced?

This restaurant still have the similar set up like the Tim Horton... The chairs and tables are just too close together.. and especially if the table next to you talking at the top of their voices while you are nursing a hangover... not cool!

Western Sandwich with Salad ($5.99)
- fluffy eggs loaded with green pepper, onion and ham... and cheese............
- Salad is standard mostly lettuce with an Italian dressing

3 Eggs with Sausage and Potatoes ($6.99)
- Sausages sinfully good...
- Just wish for more fruits instead of a small piece of cantaloupe and a thinnest slice of orange I ever seen....
- definitely recommend to come back for weekday early bird special ($4.99) before 10 am

Service is definitely lacking. The wait staffs gives me this old small town vibe... Have to wave them down to get anything and everything... 

I might come back for the food... but the service just leave little to be desired!

Accepts all credit cards!"
"This is another restaurant that I been driving by for the last 20 years and never pay a visit! 

Finally after all these years, I now know what I have been missing!

We ordered the Carnivore Combo - For Two. That includes Caesar Salad, Mussels as appetitizer, 12 Oz Striploin, 8 Oz Grilled Salmon and 1 lb baby back ribs.

I usually don't like to eat Salmon when they are cooked only Sashimi, but I have to say that was the best Salmon I ate!

The steak was a great cut even for a striploin... in fact it has the effect of melting in your mouth tender.

All the food were prepared with special care. We saw how they prepared the food in the open kitchen...they were hand picking all the lettuce that's going into the salad!

Please leave room for desserts, as their dessert menu are actual desserts on a big plate  that they bring it to show you at your table! That is really hard to resist!

The services was great! Our waiter was friendly and attentive. Everything is possible with a great smile!

They have the $30 with 3 entrees special going on too!

I personally think  Braised Bull Steakhouse is way better in food quality and taste than The Keg and Canyon Creek and Montana. 

I would definitely be back for special occasion or when I have cravings for another cooked Salmon... YUM! can't believe that is healthy for me too!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience.

Flaming Kitchen has a decent lunch selection starting from $8.99. Food is a dollar or 2 cheaper but I like the option of adding cold/hot Honey Green Tea for 99 cents.

Sizzling Duck Breast Spicy Udon ($10.99) was delicious! I love the chewiness of the udon as they were not overcooked. The dish though a little too saucy and I did wish for more udon to soak up all the sauce. 

Portion wise might not be enough if you are hungry. If you are looking for a light lunch or to leave room for dessert, this maybe for you.

Service was friendly as there was only 1 waitress working that afternoon. Food did take awhile, so don't come here expecting for a quick lunch."
"The Village Grocer's new location is nice and posh. 

Great selections of cooked food, antipasto and other food great for entertaining. Prices wise is definitely on the higher end but there are not too many competition up where Village Grocer locates. 

I am please with their selections of balsamic vinegar and olive oil and of course organic and natural food products. 

Some of the shelves were still half empty seems like they still stocking. I will have to come back again when the Village Grocer completely ready for business!!"
"St Viateur Bagel & Cafe is my Bagel stop # 2.

This location is not really on my list of must visit list... but while I was strolling down Mont-Royal.. my Yelp Friend just stopped and point... and yes I know why I am here..

2 Free Bagels from the coupon book of Montreal Tourism's Sweet Deal offers which can only redeem at this location.

I ran in and show my coupon to the cashier and he just gave me 2 sesames bagels which came out right from the oven.

Free is good... Free is sweet... 

This is the biggest St Viateur location I been too, since it has a sit down area if you want to order food to eat in. 

Maybe next time..."
"Ahimsa Yoga Studio is a brand ""NEW"" yoga studio that opened in Annex. It took over the old studio of Octopus Garden and they did a good job in updating the studio by giving it a coat of new paint, brand new washrooms..and leave the layout of the studio intact. 

Ahimsa is a term meaning to do no harm.. So I guess this is Ahimsa Yoga Studio mortal. As there were stickers and buttons at the front desk for you to pick up as souvenirs. 

This is a busy yoga studio! The Sunday 11 AM class was packed full to capacity! There were like less than 6 inches between yoga mats. But surprising I never feel crowded... the instructor was really smart in modifying all the asana so I never even got to be too close to my neighbour! 

Though it was a Level 1 class, most of the asana were really fundamental like tons of sun salutations...until I was sweating like pigs in a room temperature class. I did have a great workout... but I wish there are more stretches at the end of the class... 

I love the extra teaching assistant aside from the instructor who helped in doing demonstrations and both of them were actively walking around correcting and helping with everyone postures!! I never get as much attention even when I attended class with less than 15 students!! 

JP is an amazing instructor with a lot of energy, good teaching techniques and great calming voice. You can have a really posh yoga studio but good teachers will be the most important element in making a great yoga studio! 

Faclities are limited with 2 washrooms and 1 shower and a small change room.. with no lockers....

Passport To Prana was welcomed with a big smile."
"Yes a 5 star! 

Mother Cocktail Bar is one of the best cocktail bars in Town. 

The decor has this speakeasy vibe. Dark and Mysterious behind the heavy velvet drapes. Stepping inside it feels like I had been transferred to somewhere that is so classy and stylish.

Drinks here is interesting. The friendly bartender/mixologist explained to me about their menu. A lot of ingredients is house made or from local businesses. For today, I opt for something long, tart and fruity. 

Sitting at the bar is so much fun watching my bartender prepared all the drinks with skills. I was indulging in all the different smells and sensations : oh they even have warm dark chocolate to drizzle in some of the drinks.

I would be back to enjoy a cocktail or 2 next time when I am wandering around Queen West. And of course trying out some of their food too!"
"Brookbanks Public Library is a nice little Neighbourhood library area. 

I was lucky to be here the first week school started and it was quiet. No students taking over the study booths and I could find seats and electric plugs for my computer and other electric devices. 

Small collections of books but a library is more than a place to read, it can also be a place to chill... and read some magazines or browse the Internet!"
"This review is for the showroom at the back of Nespresso Boutique Bar.

Dropped by wanting to try out some capsules which are limited edition. There was no one really waiting in line? Or everyone that were browsing the store are waiting to be served? 

Maybe some one should be on the floor demoing the machines and answering quick questions.

I am not really surprised at the more snotty attitude of the staff here which  is pretty common at most of the other Nespresso Boutique I visited."
"There was no line, no one waiting when we dined in around 8 pm on a weekday. I would not be happy if I need to line up for a hour just to placed my order and some more for the food to be served like some of the reviewers. 

MidiCi specialized in Neapolitan Pizza and probably the main item you need to order. Price wise, the pizza priced reasonably from $10 and up. The portion wise is more than good enough to share between 2 people as a snack and give you room for appetizers and desserts. 

Study the menu first, which is available at the front as you need to order what you want from the ""concierge"" before you can grab a seat wherever you like. 

The decor here is eye pleasing! If you eating solo, I would definitely suggest the bar area where you can watch the kitchen in action. Those wood fired ovens working so hard to cook your pizza right in front of your eyes!

We shared Primo Prosciutto Pizza ($14), Walnut & Gorgonzola Salad ($12) and House made Meatballs ($6).

The prosciutto was plentiful and really good quality! The pie itself has a good chewiness without being soggy. The meatballs were soft and tender but sadly the wood-fired neapolitan bread was over cooked and hard as a rock!

Overall, a great meal! The waitstaff checked on us frequently and plates being cleared. 

I probably suggest skipping lunch/dinner rush hour for the best experience. And no, it does not worth waiting for a hour to eat here!"
"Came to Sushi Legend on a Friday afternoon for a late lunch and had a good experience.

I don't frequent AYCE that often but I won't mind coming back again if my friends invite me to join.

Give yourself a lot of time. Even coming here on a Friday after 2:30 the service was still a little slow. It took us a hour and a half to finish our lunch. All the food we ordered took awhile to arrive and we were also served with food that we did not order.

I do like how their rolls and sushi are not a mega piece of rice ball. They were small bite size piece and at least you won't be overdose with carb. So if you are a big eater, you can order more pieces of different varieties.

Hot food is decent too. The tempura shrimp though as of small size but tasted fresh and not mushy. The beef ribs was well prepared. 

There are also quite a good selection of dessert all served in mini portion. Good thing you can try quite a few of them but they all just sloppy prepared.

Sushi Legend is decent as an AYCE and if you are not too picky about Japanese food, you might enjoy the experience at a decent price point."
"$4.99 all day specials though is a $1 more than their Grand Opening Specials, still great value!!

I came for lunch when Mi Hyang was half emptied and the waitresses still fresh and in a good mood. I were greeted with all smile and when I asked for more spicy.. the waitress kept asking me not spicy? No MORE spicy! Korean Spicy! :)

Even dining alone, I was served with all those banchens and salad. I was almost full even before she served me my food : Ddulo Ra Myun. Noodles was the packaged one, which I kind of expect at this price point! There were tons of rice cake and even pieces of beef with tons of veggies!

My meal was ended with this cold sweet rice soup, which was a nice touch!"
"Cheap Cheap Cheap!!

Breakfast from $1.50 that includes a toast and coffee/tea
lunch or anytime from $3.50 that includes coffee/tea
dinner they served entrees dishes...
 
They also has sandwiches that comes with beverage for $ 2 or so...

I made my lunch order with low expectation since what can you get for lunch $3.50?? I was pleasantly surprise. The beef and fish ball I ordered was quite tasty and the portion was just perfect! (The hot chilli oil was great too!)

The service was fast and friendly. My food arrived less than 5 minutes after I placed my order!

This place can be noisy because they have this big plasma TV on loud volume showing Chinese program (all the patrons and wait staffs were watching it and having a good time.....)

Yes I will come back again for a fast  and cheap lunch for sure!

CASH only"
"Just maybe I has high expectation.... when I heard the word Boutique!

According to Wikipedia, Boutique would be one-of-a-kind but more generally speaking, some chains can be referred to as boutiques if they specialize in particular styles.

I don't find this The Beer Boutique that much unique. The selections are limited compares to some of the better stocked LCBO. 

I do like the mix and match concept as they have a special 6 pack carrier for that! Always fun to browse around to see what's available! 

Staff were too busy talking among themselves..."
"Spicy lover rejoice!! I hope you enjoy authentic Indian and Pakistani food. If not, there is no point in eating here at Karahi Point.

A karahi is a type of thick, circular, and deep cooking-pot that originated in the Indian subcontinent. Here at Karahi Point, definitely the star! You can order chicken, fish, lamb and goat karahi in Half/Full Size. And probably the dish to order! 

We shared Chicken Karahi, Beef Kabab and Lamb Biryani. All burst with great flavours of spices and herbs. If you are into bold flavours, you would enjoyed that. 

Service was fast and prompt. We arrived when the buffet offerings just wrapped up. If you have a group of 3 to 4 people, I would recommend just order a la carte for the freshness of food."
"Golden Palace feels like a transplant of those numerous low ends Chinese Restaurants from Scarborough.

The interior is really spacious and it was half empty on a weekday evening.

Portion is huge. Price is cheap. Food is mediocre. Most dish we ordered was a miss. ($20 for a Peking Duck was one of the special offerings) 

A lot of other options in the area. 

But I guess there are always customers looking for cheap mediocre food."
"The 2nd location of Ai Sushi. 

I am glad they opens another location in Richmond Hill with ample parking.

Don't expect high end fish or authentic Japanese sushi at this price point. Perfect to order a tray for pot luck and gatherings. I would order a maki and sushi tray to feed those always hungry teenagers without breaking the bank. 

Better quality than run of the mills AYCE. 

Make sure you call way ahead if you want a tray over the weekend to avoid disappointment."
"Global Pet Food only carries good qualities pet food! 

I really don't understand why people will buy their pet food from Walmart, Supermarket or even Petsmart!

The selections here are great: all the different brands you can think of! 

Of course I love the idea of getting airmiles!! 

They have the repeat buyer program, when you get 10 bags of food and you get 1 bag free. 

Takes Interac, Visa and MC only, no AMEX."
"Le Select Bistro

- Late Night Prix Fixe ($20) means Value

- Steak Frites and Creme Brulee  

- Yelper friends meeting up after an Elite Event

- My 2000th review

I been wanting to go to Le Select Bistro for their Late Night Prix Fixe for the longest time. Steak after 10 pm, might not be for everyone... but for me a deal is a deal, I can eat anytime of the day....

After the Elite Party, my Yelp ladies asked where are we going for after party snack... I knew I want to go to Le Select Bistro, but would they come or would they enjoy that? 

Steak Frites, Risotto, Creme Brulee. Dark Chocolate Mousse all made an enjoyable experience... Portions were perfect, I was satisfied but not stuffed!

Bistro vibe was cozy, intimate and casual at the same time. We would have kept chatting through the night if not because it was close to midnight and I don't want to be stuck on the Night bus again...

I'll be back.... I just could not pass up a deal...."
"2.5 Star

I love to support family business and Shawarma Stop does have this small homey cheerful vibe.

Maybe it was a mistake to order a Chicken Shawarma Wrap? The cheapest item on the menu. I could not even find the chicken after taking several bites. I do know veggie and salad is good for me but I am getting a ""Chicken"" wrap after all. I do expect 1/3 of the filling be at least chicken.

Maybe a Chicken Shawarma plate is a better choice? At least I can see what I am getting.

A pass for me unless I have craving for a veggie wrap."
"Back again to Sushi Mori.. but not for Sannakji..

But my meal was a lot better than last time!!

Dinner set with Sashimi/California Roll and Bulgogi ($15.99)
- Everything so fresh and the portion is huge
- love the selection of fish which includes Salmon, Tuna, Octopus, Yellowtail, Tobiki, Surf Clams...
- Bulgogi, served on a sizzling plate, has nice delicate flavour! 

Spicy Seafood Noodle ($10.99)
- One of the best selection of seafood, even scallops!!
- Noodles though was a little overcooked... but still delicious

Thanks for the complimentary hand roll from the nice sushi chef I talked to last time.

They even gave us 10% off because their credit/debit terminals were not working."
"Beef Noodle Restaurant has been opened for a long long time... at least 15 years or longer. It specializes in serving Peking, Szechuen and Taiwanese cuisines. 

I been here for lunch a couple of times since they have lunch specials for $5.95 that includes a sweet and sour sauce with 15 different items (stir fried noodles of all kinds and fried rice etc.) to choose from. The portions are huge! I will advice for 2 people to order a lunch special and 1 order of northern dim sum. or just a lunch special to share.

On this visit, I decide to order the Beef Noodle Soup ($6.95). I never have a beef noodle soup in this Beef Noodle Restaurant that just does not sound right! However, I am a little disappointed with the noodle. The broth does not has a lot of flavour, the beef is not too tender, the noodle taste like something I can buy from the supermarket... It is not bad, but not as good as the one served as Ding Tai Fang, Moo Beef Noodle House or  Mei Nung Beef Noodle House.

They do offer Afternoon Tea specials 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM from $3.25 that includes a drink with choices of different Northern dim sums like dumplings, red bean pan cake etc.

The services here is quick and friendly. This place is pretty busy for lunch time!

They accepts Visa.

I found the food not authentic Northern chinese cuisine. I will be back if I have a group of people sharing lunch specials but not here for the beef noodle soup."
"Sura Korean Cuisine is a welcome addition to the neighbourhood. I love how they renovated the restaurant and give it a modern and chic vibe.

Menu is short and simple with the usual Korean staples. I had been here for quite a few times and always have a decent experience.

Love the banchan for the varieties and freshness. 

Beef Bibibamp ($13) - A-OK
Pork Bone Soup ($11) - A-OK
SoonTofu Tang ($ 10) - A-OK
Bulgogi in Hot Pot ($15) - A-OK

Daegu Jiri - Mild Cod Fish Soup ($15) - Meh
Kalbi Tang - Beef Short Rib Soup ($15) - Meh
Teokboki - Stir Fried Rice Cake in Spicy Sauce ($11) - Meh

Bibim Naengmyum - Spicy Cold Noodle ($12.99) - Don't Order

There is definitely room for improvement in quite a few dishes. At this price point, expectation is high. If you want anything ""Korean"" level of spiciness, make sure you let the staff knows when placing your order.

Sura is worth checking out if you are in the hood and want to support local businesses."
"Fung Lam Court sounds familiar? It used to be located at East Beaver Creek and Hwy 7 before it closed down for business years ago...

This newly opened Fung Lam Court does have the same name and logo and similar menu..

A mixture of Cantonese and Chiu Chow items in the menu for one to choose from. We decided on 

Braised Duck with Sour Plum and Taro ($12) and Fresh bean curd with mushrooms and vegetables ($10.50). The duck meat was soft and tender but I found the sauce a little too sour and the vegetable dish was a little too salty for my taste.

The winner though was the complimentary dessert!! 3 Choices of house made dessert to choose from includes Cashew based sweet soup which is quite a special offerings which hardly available in other Chinese restaurants I been to!

Services are a little too attentive. But since Fung Lam Court just opened so hopefully that will improve over time!

There are some unique items on the menu like the stir fried Chinese doughnut stuffed with shrimp paste?!"
"City of Pho is a newly open Vietnamese restaurant inside Market Village.

The set up is identical to the previous business just with a change of colour theme. The menu is quite simple with the usual pho, speciality noodles, bun and rice dishes. 

Dine in Special: fresh fruit juice/slush for $1.99 instead of $3.99. My watermelon slush was freshing.

P1 Special Pho ($6.95/large) was decent in meat and noodle portion. The broth has a nice herbal undertone and well flavoured! 

City Pho might be a good option if you have a craving for pho while shopping in Market Village!"
"With such a huge storefront, I expect a lot more from this Marshall since it is also the newest in the area.

Selection here is minimum for everything. Usually I ended up buying something every time when I visit most of the other Marshalls' locations, but not here.

Dedicated parking area far away from Walmart so it is easy to get a parking space.

I probably won't be back to this Marshalls at all."
"Going to The Copper Chimney was a last minute decision.

Since I have no idea what's in the neighbourhood, all the 4 star reviews on Yelp led me here. I have to say I was a little disappointed with my experience here.

The reservation was painless as I reserved through Open table. My friend decided to meet me up at The Copper Chimney since it is one of the places he want to visit.

I want something spicy and hot, so I decided on trying the Chicken Vindaloos ($11.95) and with Naan ($1.95). I requested Indian Spicy... which come out to be Indian Mild... it definitely didn't give me a heartburn nor made me drink water like there's no tomorrow!

My friend decided on the Nailli Lamb ($14.95) which I don't really care as much as I never a lamb person.

I didn't realize we ordered a large order of rice ($3.50), until it arrived on the table and it showed up on the bill.

The portion was quite small... as my friend after finished eating his lamb started digging into my chicken....and after he still hungry.... 

Service was a little slow but friendly, as the restaurant was packed. 

Tips: look for coupons online....."
"Homemade udon with local ingredients. Bushi Udon Kappo does have a good concept and their udon is quite good. 

We shared:

Hot Bowl Udon in Soy-sauce-based Bonito-broth Soup ($6.50) - a little over cooked and the udon was a little soft

Zaru - Cold Udon Served with Soy-sauce-based Bonito Flavour Dipping Cold Soup ($7.50) - great chewiness and texture

But sadly both lack flavour. I know the udon is the star of the show but just not enough to be the main attraction. 

Seriously, is the fresh udon much better than the frozen ones I got from T&T? No really by much. Maybe this is one of the reason I never have the urge to come back here again!"
"Taste of Origin is the third restaurant that opened up at this location within a year or so.... And unfortunately I don't think they would stay open for too long if they don't improve the quality of the food and the services...

My friend was really hungry.... and when someone is hungry, everything should taste good... at least decent... but 

Pickled Duck Feet ($4.99)
- We originally ordered Wasabi chicken feet...but after waiting for 20 minutes, the waitress informed us they all sold out?? and she suggested duck feet instead....20 minutes to found out that something precooked are sold out??? 
- Really really bland tasting!! Practically tasted like just cooking in boiling water and just let them cool down and serve...
- My friend said her mother can made them better at home...maybe I should just eat at her house!

Original Handmade Noodle with Fu Zhou Fish Balls ($7.99)
- My friend said my cooking taste better than this bowl of noodles... need I say more?
- Fish ball was undercooked, noodles was undercooked really hard and chewy.. and the soup was tasteless
- $8?? with 3 fish balls that tasted like from the freezer of a nearby Chinese supermarket??? and just handful of noodles? Maybe it is good since it tasted so bad...no point to get plentiful of bad food.....

Taste of Origin has this Cantonese and Fu Zhou menu.. which can be really interesting since if you are a seafood lover, you would love the selections of  Fu Zhou's seafood. 

Sadly I don't think I would be coming back to try them out.again..."
"Great Location! Right next to Osgoode Subway Station! Great to hang out a bit to wait for your friend and use their free Wifi. 

There are also some Patio like sitting on the side of the building, but that location is completely shaded, maybe not for sun lovers. 

The only complaint as usual is there are not enough Electric Outlets!! 

What more anguishing than drinking your coffee and having your laptop/Ipod power indicator in the red zone with no outlets available!"
"Back here for dinner...

Menus here are just so dirty and caked with whatever...

Service definitely really rushed and I feel a little pressured to finish everything as fast as possible! 

Love Boat ($32.99) Dinner for 2 was good value as in quantity. But the white tuna was half frozen, the rolls was loosely rolled, the freshness of the fish was meh. Had a hard time even finishing that because of the quality.

I don't think I will be back..."
"2.5 Star

This used to be Delicious Food Restaurant http://www.yelp.ca/biz/delicious-food-restaurant-richmond-hill that serves quite unique Fukienese dishes. Now after a revamp, redecoration, renaming and it becomes another Southeast Asian Restaurant.

When I saw the menu posted outside, I was surprised by their price point with entrees from $10 and up. Even fried noodle and rice dishes are all over $10! I don't mind if the food is worth the price but at least the Singapore Laksa ($9) was disappointing lack of the taste of the rich coconut broth nor that spiciness. The noodle was undercooked and really chewy. 

The owner, staff and cook are all the same from the previous business. They are nice people and I wish them luck.

The decoration is really nice. The restaurant looks really chic and clean now compare to before. I wish they would have improve on their food too!

BTW,  there is $2 charge person for Chinese tea."
"Mega Sized?! 

Joy Fortune Chinese Cuisine's lunch special is huge! For $6.50 that includes a drink that can feed 2 of me! 

We shared Beef with Rice Noodle and Congee with Oyster. I have no idea how we finished both?!  

Food is not bad but I had better version of both somewhere else. 

Staffs are friendly and nice. 

All these alcoholic drinks: wine, shoju, sake, rum and beers lining up on one side of the shelf?! Apparently beers here are $3 tax in... 

Maybe I should be here having midnight snack instead!"
"Open from 7 am to 11 pm 7 days a week!!

I know though Real Canadian Superstore is not like Metro or Sobey's that are open 24 hours...

However, Real Canadian Superstore is a lot more spacious, great selections of everything.

Goodlife Fitness on the premises is great for people to workout and then go grocery shopping!

10% discount every Tuesdays with student or university ID.

OK, I was not really grocery shopping... but junk food shopping.. I went in at 8 AM to buy Smartfood Popcorn that was on sale for $2.44."
"Bathurst Clark Resource Library is located right behind Promenade Mall. 

Suburbs' libraries can be really boring especially in the newer subdivisions because I have to say Bathurst Clark Library really lacks any architectural value as a building itself. 

The inside though is quite nice.. high ceiling.. 2 storeys high.. really open and spacious. There are also some curious love seats... on the right hand side when you enter.. really popular with teenagers. Those have really heavy padded cushions, looks so comfy! 

I am not that lucky to have one of those lover's seats. However, there are tons of communal tables that have individual study lamps and power bars all wired underneath the tables.. that makes my search for power for my laptop really effortless! 

WIFI connection is stable and fast. 

If you do need to use their public computers, a library card is required to sign in. Vaughan's Public Library is the only libraries I been to that has computer terminals that are equipped with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint. 

Atmosphere here is more formal.. everyone are whispering and there are no kids running around! :)"
"2.5

This Kevin's Taiyaki is located inside H Mart on Yonge Street in Richmond Hill.

Bungeoppang: Korean Red Bean Fish Cake Pastry is made freshly at this food stall. I just found the cake so so compares to Red Bean Waffles House and a little more pricey at 4 for $5.

The nice guy at the stall who was busy making both Bungeoppang and Korean rice poppers though was super nice enough to offer me an extra fish cake and 2 poppers free to try hence the rounding up to 3 star.

I ended up reheating them in the oven the next day and made the outer layer crispy around which ended up tasting A-OK."
"Grand Opening Special 10% discount on Weekday. Early Bird Dim Sum before 11:30 am at 2.50 for S/M/L and $2.88 from 11:30 pm to 4:00 pm. Price point though a little more than the previous business but still not bad.

The interior now has a more open feel since they took down the partitions and the dividers which dated back to their Swiss Chalet era. (this used to be a Swiss Chalet!)

Dim Sum selection is decent and the items we ordered were well prepared. Nothing really outstanding but this is like a regular neighbourhood place that one might frequent. 

Service is rough on the edge. Servers were all nice but just dumping orders on tables with sauce splitting all over the place seemed to be the norm... Not a place to impress your oversea guests or your future in laws."
"2.5 star! Maybe it is unfair to review a restaurant based on their Licious menu?? 

But for $45 Summerlicious menu, I was a little disappointed with my experience. 

Our waitress was a little absent minded and not present, maybe she was overwhelmed since it was quite busy on a Saturday night?? 

Thai Crab Cake... Mini single Thai Crab Cake... I was glad that I am not sharing this appetizer... it tasted really savory and have just the right hint of spiciness... but it is just so petite??! 

For Main I have the pork chop with the recommendation for our waitress. It was tough and dry... the sauce was overly salty. I should have order the Beef Tenderloin but my Yelp Drinking Buddy has this thing that we cannot order the same dishes.... but hey he doesn't eat pork anyway!!! 

At least the Chocolate and Expresso Cake saved my meal... while I enjoying it, my YDB said he cannot eat his dessert because he hated berries!! Why he ordered Ontario Fruit Coupe if he doesn't like eating that??? I ended up swapping with him because he was drooling on my cake!! 

Reds is one of the more expensive Licious restaurant... but I found the food and the experience not as good as the other less pricey ones I been to."
"I love Rickshaw Bar food concept: a fusion of street food from some of my favourite countries in South Asia: Burma, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, India and Pakistan. Food that is simple but has such interesting and robust flavour with spices and herbs.

Thanks to Elvis A inviting us to join him a few yelpers for a little tasting of what Richshaw Bar so I ended up able to sample quite a few of their dishes. Just like any downtown ""Tapas"" style restaurants, you paying quite a bit for really small quality of food. Food here is quite tasty but as a big eater you might need to have 3 app and 2 mains in order to be full.

Roasted Cauliflower ($7)
Scallop Ceviche ($12)
Pakora Fritters ($6)
Smoked Eggplant Flatbread ($9)
Paratha Tacos ($6)
Khao Shay ($13)
Chili-Fish (Trout)

Everything tasted rich and well flavoured. 

I don't mind coming back again for a pre or after dinner snack. The main Small plates is really really ""small""."
"Being the biggest Supermarket in the area, you can get everything you need here. Your basic everyday groceries need will be fulfilled, but nothing too unique or amazing.

Maybe you need some appliances, electronics (no idea why people will be buying a camera here, but I guess if you have PC points) and clothing (Joe Fresh is in the house!), you can find them here too!

And you can do some banking too, PC Financial has a branch with staffs working here if you do want to talk to someone in person?!

Goodlife Fitness Women only gym also located upstairs, but I don't think I really want to work out in a Supermarket with all the food and the smell of cooking in the air, talking about temptation!

However, since this Loblaws is huge, walking around looking for something specific would be an exercise in itself......."
"When I walked into Djerba la Douce, I saw a hint of dismal in one of my friend's eyes. I know Djerba la Douce does look a little sketchy both from the outside and the inside and this definitely not places he would have frequent. 

With no decoration, no air conditioning (lucky it was kind of a chilly evening), a hole in the wall place, I don't blame him, I have second thoughts when I walked into Djerba la Douce too! 

But when I tried the food! The tasty well prepared food...full of flavours...cooked with care and love... I knew I made the right choice.. 

Calamari Djerbieno $6.95 (tender calamari and the sauce!!!) 
Brique $4.25 (lemon,herbs and incredibly light!) 
Chicken Merguese Couscous $13.95 (Couscous is the star!!) 
Trout with Coriander Sauce $15.95 (spicy and creamy and peppery!) 

They all tasted so good... has great balance of spices and herbs, foreign yet familiar..... 

Since every dishes are cook when order and having a small kitchen with 1 cook, it takes time... But it really worth the wait! 

If you want ambiance, go across the street to Walima.... we can meet up later and listen to you complaining about their lousy food!"
"If I would have know better...... I would not have order that Canadian Cheese Platter ($36) to share with my Yelp Drinking Buddy at Carens Wine and Cheese Bar!

No way the 2 of us can finish that  and have room for a 3 course dinner later in the evening.....

It was a nice warm summer evening... sipping some white wine in the front patio and people/car watching in Yorkville was enjoyable!

I have yet try the food from the kitchen yet... or that amazing BACK Patio! I guess I have to be back?!

But no lunch specials? Just the same pricing but with less item selections?! How disappointing... but Carens is located  in Yorkville after all...

Oh Wait!! Happy Hour Specials with $1 an oyster.... that's sounded more like my kind of place!! Oysters!! Anyone?!"
"I probably can eat a whole lb of Devil's Inferno and still smile with my burning lips. 

Aside from Hot and Deathly Spicy wings, there are more to Wacky Wings than wings. A good place to watch a hockey game with your friends as there are so many big screen TVs all around and you won't miss those special moment!

There are also an adult ""play area"" if you want to shoot some pool or play some games.

And if you are really into Wings, of course don't miss the AYCE Wednesday $15.99. But the wait for a table can be painfully long and the wait for additional wings can take forever....100+ flavours to choose from, that's quite impressive! 

Wacky Wings is A-OK place to hang out with your friends. I don't mind going back when I am in the area!"
"Pho 88 Vietnamese Restaurant is like a Pho institution in Scarborough... Everyone I know been to it... and as a Pho ""Queen"" I have yet to pay a visit.

This afternoon I was in a rush.. and want something quick fast and cheap.. and since I never have a bowl of Pho at this restaurant, all I go!!

The parking here can just be a nightmare... with the busy Supermarket.. and driving in and out of the lot can be a stressful experience!

Only a few tables occupied on this Friday afternoon.. I was never given a menu.. maybe they think I know what I want?? The order sheets are hiding underneath the table.. so I just picked my usual.......while the waiter looking over my shoulders.

Pho with Rare Beef, Cook Beef and Tripes ($5.99) M
- It took awhile to arrive to the table... a lot longer than I would have suspect because the place is not busy and just a Pho??
- The soup I am glad was deceiving hot! the bean sprouts all tenderly cooked by the time I start eating
- MSG? Maybe.. but it is a good MSG... because I like it! :) good flavour.. salty enough for the noodle but too salty to drink on its own
- Noodle though is not the fresh type.. but was cooked properly, so don't have that funny taste!
- Beef, plenty of Beef.. (no one is going to ask me ""Where is the Beef?"") 

Not the best Pho I have, but I have to say it really hit the spot!! When I was walking to my car after stuffing myself, I feel nice and warm in my tummy.. that's always a good sign!"
"I could hear Danica C's voice saying ""I told you so! Why you did not read my review?!""

Chicken and Beef Satay for $4 each is a little on the pricey side for what I was getting. The meat was tender but lack the flavour (needs more seasoning) and that fresh of the grill aroma. The peanut sauce which is usually the star of satay was weak too. 

I ended up asking for some hot sauce. The hot made hot sauce is tasty and have a good kick. Maybe hot sauce really made everything better?"
"Dong Yi Foods is at the food court of Silver Star Blvd, just south of Steeles. 

Taiwanese Food? Stinky Tofu? Deep Fried Pork Chops? Beef Noodle? All the food I love to eat.

No frills, self served kept the cost down. So basically I can stuff myself full at $6.50 tax in and with no tips required.... not that I am cheap... they don't even have a place at the counter for a tip.

Beef Noodle with Soup or Soya Milk Drink ($6.50 tax in) was really good. The cook that prepared my noodle has this concern looks on his face. ""Would she like my cooking? What she thinks about the broth? Are the Beef tender enough? How's the Noodles?"" Finally, he came right up and asked me........ Noodle cooked al dente with great bite, broth has great depth and beef tender..... 

Stinky Tofu ($3.50 tax in) was a huge disappointment. If you eat that like a deep fried tofu, it is A-OK... but it is not stinky at all!! Maybe they should just take that off the menu. I don't see how they going to deep fried stinky tofu in an enclosed food court without other businesses complaining!!

Now I think I need to try that Pork Chop next time! It looks good in the photo...... I told him I will be back!!!"
"Parking Parking.. I always stay away from this McDonalds on weekends since it is impossible to find parking...

And even if you find one... the agony of dealing with a parking lot deal with all these drivers and shopping carts from Foody's Mart.

The newly renovated interior is really nice though...a lot of seating arrangement for groups, singles and a more private booth area in the front. A fireplace with armchairs??

24 hours drive thru can be so crazy at times!! I guess where else up here for a 3 AM snack attack up here aside from McDonalds?"
"Angus Pho House's second location newly opens in First Markham Place. https://www.yelp.ca/biz/angus-pho-house-toronto

I never been to their location in North York but their Markham location is quite decent. Decor is clean and simple, service is fast and friendly.

Oxtail Noodle Soup Thai Style ($8.95) huge portion for a small. Oxtail is plentiful but kind of dry because it was sliced into really really thin pieces. I probably will skip this next time.

House Special Stired Fried Noodle ($11.95) really nicely done with great flavour. A hint of spiciness and shrimp paste. I like how they use the really thin vermicelli and not oily at all.

Spring Rolls ($6.95) was A-OK too.

These may not be the most authentic Vietnamese food, more like Asian Fusion but not a bad option if you want something filling and comforting!"
"I have not been to any AYCE hot pot for ages!! I do have an A-OK experience at Hipot Hot Pot Restaurant.

Love the hours they are open.... yes till 2 AM! Great to have a midnight snack after Karaoke, Clubbing and Elite Event...

For the after hours there are 2 menus for you to choose from Beef ($12.95) or Seafood ($14.95). 

The Beef selections only have the plain chicken soup as a spicy loving person in order to upgrade one of the soup based to satay there is a surcharges of $4. The Seafood selections give you 3 soup based to choose from and have a platter of shrimps, oyster, mussels and enoki mushrooms.

The Satay Soup base is pretty good, has a lot of flavours and a strong taste of satay. Cannot comment on the Thousand year old eggs with parsley soup base since I did not have any.

The food wise I found them quite fresh.. nothing were frozen solid and all have good presentation. The 2 oysters were sizable. The thing I love are the freshly made meatballs.. not those one that from the package,

There is also 3 desserts to choose, we opt for Herbal Jello and Mango Pudding both taste A-OK.

The only thing is you only allow 1 glass of sour plum drink.. if you want tea there is an extra $1.50 charge... 

Maybe since we come late at night and the restaurant was not busy at all, Me and my clothes did not smell like Satay or I been cooking in the kitchen the whole night. 

The service here is cold and efficient. 10% tips has been added to the bills automatically so make sure you don't double tipped!"
"Came to Nine Up Sushi for their Lunch Specials. 

Conveyor Belt Sushi for $1.50 - $2.50 and Sashimi for $3.50. Since we came around 2:00 PM and the place was not busy.. so one can only see fake sushi revolving around on the belt. The best bet is to just order and they will prepare fresh for you! 

Lunch menu has a mixture of Korean/Japanese cooked dishes.. they have all been modified in a certain way to fit the Chinese palate... As most of the customers here are Chinese! 

Spicy Korean Seafood Soup ($6.95) 
- quite sizable good for sharing 
- the spiciness and flavour are not really intense.. 
- There were mussels, Shrimps, Squid and tons of vegetables and Korean glass noodle inside.. good value 
- comes with rice and salad 

Since it was not too busy, the services here was really polite and attentive... 

Nine Up Sushi is a good place to go if you are in the area for a late lunch, since it is served till 4 pm!"
"I have to thank chef Patrick Kriss and front of the house Amanda Bradley for bringing World Class fine dining experience to Toronto!

As someone that ""travel to eat"", I had been planning most of my oversea trips around Michelin starred restaurants: Osaka, Hong Kong, Macau, Chicago, New York... Toronto as one of the major cities in Canada had also been lagging behind Montreal and Vancouver for Higher End, Michelin's worthy dining establishment.

Until Alo opens its doors back in July 2015.

Planning - Reservation

Reservation can a challenge but worth your effort. Plan accordingly as Opentable reservation is available 90 days out. I was planning to visit Alo as a solo diner but one of my friends was kind enough to join me so I can have the opportunity to try out every offerings on Alo's Tasting Menu.

Tasting Menu

Everything is seasonal. I recommend visiting in different seasons to appreciate what Alo's team offers. For 2 people, I would suggest ordering one each ""appetizers"", ""main"" and ""dessert"".
Presentation was top notch! Pleasing for the eyes and so colourful too! Every dish was a piece of art.  And of course, we all let our cameras eat first and took some photos!

We ordered some tea to go with our desserts. 9 different kinds of Solane Tea is served here! You can even smell them before ordering!

OVERALL IMPRESSION

A combination of interesting taste profile and texture. The whole meal did take almost 3 hours so hopefully you like your dinner mate. Service here is top notch. The hospitality team (front of the house) is just amazing! Attentive and polite: a 5 star dinner service!

Will I be back?! Yes, in a heartbeat!

My meal at Alo Restaurant is one of the most memorable meals I had in Toronto.

PRO TIP

If you want to have a taste of Alo Restaurant without making a reservation, the best is drop by their bar area for a drink and a snack. The bar at Alo Restaurant has this relax and chill vibe which is great for pre or after dinner drink!"
"Chinese Churros? 

I was a little confused when I saw this special advertised on the wall. I have never have one before, maybe I need to give that a try?!

Ended up ordering my usual Bun with Grilled Pork and Spring Roll (Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio) and Grilled Beef Summer Rolls (Gi cun Bo). 

The ingredients were fresh. Both dish were refreshing for the hot summer weather. The spring rolls though was not good: filling really dense and not too crispy.

Since Pho Dacao is a Vietnamese, Thai and Chinese restaurant, I might be interested in giving them another try. 

I am still trying to figure out what is Chinese Churros....Youtiao? Fried Dough? I was hoping it is a dessert :)"
"Back here again with a group of Yelpers for post UYE event.

Service was surprisingly good and polite. A huge improvement compare to my last visit!

I tried 2 of their desserts and some of their tea. The desserts was ok, I expected to be a little better as it is call Dessert Kitchen?!

Not a good place if you want to hang out and chill a little with your friends as it could be busy with people waiting for tables... I don't mind coming here again if there is no queue for a table."
"3.5 star 

Chatters Cafe & Juice Bar is at the corner of Yonge and Davis Dr. 

It is a small little cafe that serves food and coffee and Juice/Protein Shakes. So they do have sandwiches, pasta and some hot plates if you do desire. 

The interior quite cozy with dim lighting. We parked ourselves right on the armchairs the moment we stepped into the empty restaurant on a weekday afternoon. 

Cappuccino ($2.75) and Cafe Mocha ($2.99) both serves in proper glassware.. which I think does enhance the experience... (+0.5 star). The roast of the coffee is the way I like it... bold with a lot of character.. I cannot comment on the Mocha, but seems like my friend really enjoyed that. 

Tons of magazines for one to read... so while I was sipping my java and daydreaming.. my friend just busy flipping through all the fashion magazines..."
"I have to take it back!! Some of the items on the menu of Little Bangkok are Thai Spicy without special request!!

And if you like Thai spicy like me.. you have to order Dry Beef Curry - Panang-Nuer. OMG!! It is so hot and spicy! One taste my dinner mate could not even handle that! I was in heaven though.. I ate the whole order with my rice all by myself!! :) The curry has so much taste, so much flavour! The beef is nice and tender... hmmmmm

BTW, I requested fresh chilli for my Papaya salad on the side and my request was fullfilled with nice fresh chopped chilli plus hot sauce. The salad tasted so good.. but the portion is really small... I wish for More More More!

The other dish I ordered is Basil Spicy Seafood Noodle - Pad-Kee-Mao-Talay. Still too spicy for my dinner mate! I told the waiter about that and he even want to take that dish back and replace it! That's not really the kitchen's fault as the dish suppose to be spicy?? I order another pad thai and everything is A ok again!"
"Guu Guu Guu.. my yelper's friends all excited at the new opening of Guu SakaBar. 

We walked by and expected a lineup.. but no lines at Tuesday 9:00 pm so we decided to give this new talk of the town place a try! 

Drinks: Ramune Sour ($6) and Ume Mojito ($6.50) 
- Drinks were a little disappointing.. a little weak.. if my face not turning after half a drink.. they are definitely not strong enough! 

Since my dinnermate is a vegetarian, so most of the dishes we ordered are vegetarian friendly 
Gomaae ($3.80) - Spinach with sesame dressing A-OK 
Carbonara Udon ($8.30) without bacon - yummy! good Asian Fusion twist! I was surprised that it tasted so good.. oh so creamy and with a sprinkle of seaweed 
Brie Cheese ($5.20) - yummy! 
Rankon ($1.90) - deep fried lotus root kebab! Awesome especially the spicy mayo dipping! 

The only meat dish I ordered: 
Buta Shabu Salad ($6) - sliced pork with half boiled egg  with sesame dressing! The worst dish of the night! The pork was dried and tasteless and salad are packaged quality - SKIP!!!! 
(I suppose to have a Seared Tuna that is on the daily special menu which never never ever come!!) 

Dessert: 
Sake Tiramisu ($5) - Now I know where all the boozes went! This dessert has such strong taste of Sake!! 
Goma Zukushi ($5) - Sesame Ice cream with Sesame Rice Cake and Sesame crackers - Oh I am in love!! Sesame Heaven! 

I think there is a conspiracy going on for this particular Guu experience! My friend's veggie dishes all arrived before mine and my meat dishes either tasted MEH or missing in action! This Guu eat out trying to convert me! 

Services here was so so slow! It took forever for the food to arrive! But I understand since it has opened only for 2 days and there are definitely room for improvement! 

The wait staffs are super nice and really apologetic of everything... nice and energetic vibe just like the other Guu! 

I think I will not wait 2 hours to eat here! But if no wait, I don't mind coming again to try out other items on the menu!"
"I am kind of glad that I tried out Paramount Times Banquet Hall during their Early Bird Special ($3 for S/M/L)! I would have been so upset at myself if I had paid full price for a large dim sum at $4.90 per order!

The banquet hall itself is really nice. Staff is readily available and really friendly too!

But why was my table wobbling like crazy?! I almost split my food a few time! This place suppose to be a high end banquet hall charging premium for dishes and using tables that are falling apart? Fancy tablecloth is not helping!

Food wise were a miss more than a hit! The kitchen really needs to get a better source for the ingredients they use! Shrimps were terrible and have a funny texture!

Fresh Stuffed Bean Curd Rolls (M) - one of the better dish 

Snow Pea Sprout & Shrimp Rice Noodle Roll (L) - shrimps were meh but the wrappings were good!

Chicken Feet & Pork  Ribs Rice (L) - A OK!

Ginseng Soup Shrimp Dumplings (L) - The skin was so thick and chewy, shrimp were meh and ginseng not helping the taste at all!

Pan Fried Chinese Chive Dumpling (M) - more like deep fried? The filling was kind of tasteless and the crust was not good

Pork Dumplings with Fish Roe (M) - Overcooked? The saddest Siu Mai I ever seen... those baby little shrimps and where's the fish roe? 

Sticky Rice Dumplings with Sesame Paste Custard (M) - the filling has this awfully oily instead of custardy!

Most of the dim sum were not properly prepared.  Even the basic ones Siu Mai and Har Gow were not even as good as some of those $2.00 all sizes dim sum place! Maybe the kitchen will make some adjustment since the business is relatively new.

**Paramount Times Banquet Hall is franchise from Hong Kong/China**"
"After dealing with Three Owls Optics and some other optical shops in the area, I have to upgrade my rating and experience with them to a 4 Star.

I think their customer service is top notch and all the staff so willing to help with all kind of issues. Doesn't matter how busy the store is, you always greeted right away and never being ignored.

Highly recommended for any eye glasses need!"
"Wow! 

Trinity Taverna's decoration made me went Wow! The nice outdoor lounge area that overlooking Lake Ontario. The ocean blue and white colour theme. The huge looking bar. This is just like right out from a magazine.

Food though was a hit or miss and some is just too painfully expensive! 

Miss:
I wish that there is a ""white"" board that would state the prices of ""market"". Our fresh red snapper (2.5 lb) was not well prepared: flesh was mushy, cost $85 @$35 lb. 

Tuna Tataki ($15) was definitely not worth it. A small little piece that I can eat that in one bite.. and it suppose to be a tapas? I need to share that? The texture was a little chewy too...where is the quail egg as stated in the menu? I was confused!

Suckling Pork ($32/lb) was dry and bland ... but the portion is decent for sharing with my dinner mate. I am glad I don't have to eat that whole thing myself.

Warm wild greens ($12) which I suggest just skip the green..

Hit:

Grilled Octopus ($29/lb) was really tasty. Love the meaty texture and it was not rubbery at all. 

Lamb Sticks ($12) was nicely spiced and love the presentation. Just like 3 little tacos!

Spinach Cretan Dumplings ($8) has these pine nuts inside was delicious. Crispy and light phllyo wrappings. Love!

Dessert any one? I think I suggest you to skip dessert. For $12 a pop, those desserts were just too one dimensional and not worth the price. We shared:

Bougatsa which I enjoyed. I think I just like anything in phllyo cell??

Panna Cotta, Rizogallo (rice pudding), Yogourt Brûlée were all so so..

Service was attentive and cheerful. 

I might be back for a drink and just lounge on the patio on a nice day... but I doubt I would be back for a full meal. A drink and some dumplings maybe? And daydreaming I am on a Greek island chilling away..."
"How would one expected that Milliken Bar and Restaurant would be serving Dim Sum and Roast Duck?? 

I was expecting some fancy Martini or Craft beer when I dropped by for lunch today.. and I was given a dim sum menu... 

Dim Sum $2 all size all day... not a bad deal... Nothing too fancy on the menu but all the items are made to order so quite decent.

The service here is friendly.. overfriendly... especially when our waiter gave us some pickup lines...

The dim sum are standard... nothing to write home about but at least the restaurant itself is quite spacious and clean.

FYI, this location before it is a Chinese restaurant was a BAR! I guess they just kept the old name!"
"Coconut Island Restaurant does has lunch time specials and combos and I love spicy food and I decide to give it a try.

When I walked in the restaurant at 12:15 pm on a weekday, it was empty.. oh not a good sign. This place does have a funny and musky smell to it. and the interior of the restaurant is quite dark.

There are over 20 different lunch specials you can choose from starting from $6.50.

I decide on the Penang Pawn Noodle Soup for $6.50. I request for extra spicy. Yes the kitchen is slow! I waited over 15 minute for my noodle to arrive. There are 2 tiny shrimps on top, with a few tiny piece of chicken, tofu and half an egg. The broth is NOT spicy at all... and it tasted pretty bland. Usually Malaysian food has a really strong taste and flavour and my noodle has none of that! 

OK it taste like something I a lousy cook would have make it at home! If I want my own cooking.. I will have stay home!

There is only 1 waitress working during lunch time.. and to serve the 3 tables with 5 customers and she is so slow...... can't imagine if it is a full house.. but it is hard to think that it will be busy with the slow service and the quality of the food!

Don't go there if you are in a rush during lunch time! You will be so frustrated!

They accepts Cash only!"
"3 star + 0.5 star for opening 24/7

I have only been to Honey B Hives Restaurant for Breakfast so my review is based on my breakfast experiences.

Good Value: $2.99 for a simple breakfast is definitely an excellent value. My sunny side up eggs were cooked perfectly. Home fries though was hard and dry. 

Well Prepared: $5.99 for Western Omelette was really fluffy! Hardly recommended!

Lack of Consistency: Egg Benedict ($6.99) with Spinach. Hollandaise was really good as it was made fresh when ordered (20 minute wait if kitchen is busy). Love the nice bite of the spinach. But one of the poached eggs was perfectly runny while the other was well done? 

Service was OK both time but I don't know why the waitress would go around asking other tables for coffee refills while never bother with my table?

I will come back to try out their lunch/dinner offering and maybe even their funnel cake!"
"Deep Fried Goodness+Happy Waitress with Smiley Faces+Huge Piece of Pork = Super Happy Me

Spicy Cheese Pork Tonkatsu. I love spicy so that's the way to go. If you want to have a cheese pull, maybe a double cheese one would be better for the perfect photo?

The breading just so crispy and the pork juicy and tender. I would have at the whole thing by myself but it is also good to share with your friend. 

There are so many different sauce option so I would be trying something different every time."
"Jerk Chicken Leg Lunch Special for $6.99 is such a good deal.

 I love how spicy the Jerk Chicken is: a hint of scotch bonnet. The portion is quite good with choice of rice and even veggie: topped with oxtail gravy.

Jerk King Canada is more like a takeout joint so there is no tables or chairs if you want to have your food to stay.

Service was friendly and efficient. Worth trying if you are in the area and feel like some Caribbean food."
"Walking around Bayview Village looking for a place to chill... Do I want more coffee? Do I want to have some snacks? Do I want to eat everything in sight (is a possibility!!)? 

When I saw The Tea Leaf, I could not resist just walk right in! 

The Tea Leaf is just my kind of place! Cute (deco)! Friendly Staffs! And great selections of loose leaf tea for my drinking pleasure!! 

The staffs can help you if you are overwhelmed by the huge selections of tea from the menu... I kind of know what I want.. but my yelp friend has a hard time deciding, but that usually happen if the staffs are cute.. can't blame him... 

Oolong Formosa Champagne ($3.81) 
- ""Champagne"" is the magic word... and for sure this tea fits its name 
- light, delicate and elegant champagne coloured oolong.. 
- with a hint of flowery after tone.. 

Herbal Lemongrass ($2.81) 
- Lemongrass taste like lemongrass? Makes me feel like eating Thai food... 
- I found with a dash of honey.. give more dimension to the tea... now I feel like eating dessert.. 

Like those transparent Teapots and the cups, as sipping tea is more than just tasting and can be vision as you can admire the colour of the infusions... and while I was pouring the tea for me and my friend I felt like I am doing a tea ceremony.. 

Maybe when one of you yelpers walking around with your Gucci bag shopping at Bayview Village, you might find me drinking for $3 tea at The Tea Leaf!"
"Moo Moo Moo... we should be feeling sorry for the cow.. 

Moo Beef Noodle House specialized in beef noodle. The restaurant is nice and clean and chic. Most of the seatings are in comfortable booth. 

I am so into spicy food, of course I have to order the Spicy Beef Noodle soup ($6.99) prepared with the ""world spiciest hot sauce"". You have a choice of little/mid/big spicy.. of course I want the BIG spicy!

The waitress was a little worry about me.. since it is the first time she saw me eating here and she asked the kitchen to prepare me mid spicy worrying that I may not able to eat that.. hahaha.. that is so nice of her!

Of course mid spicy is not enough for me! She has to bring me more of those special hot sauce to make my noodle more spicy!

The noodle was served in a nice big bowel, similar to the ramen bowel. There are 5 pieces of sizable beef, big fat noodle and some vegetables. The soup is steaming hot... and the beef is quite tender and lean. I really enjoyed my noodle! 

Nothing beats having something hot and spicy on a cold winter day! 

There are limited items you can order from the menu, some soy sauce based snacks and dumplings.

The services is excellent. The waitress is so nice and friendly and made me feel really welcome. And she is really polite and has a nice smile too!

No Lunch Specials....

Cash only!"
"This Yogurty's has the friendly staffs I encountered. 

Selections are just like a regular Yogurty's but a lot quieter even on a Sunday afternoon... 

Ample parking... great to drop by to satisfy your sweet tooth or just have a plain fro yo just like me!"
"Have some time to kill and a growling stomach, I decided to drop by Duke of Kent for a pre dinner drink which ended up to be a pre dinner snack too! 

For a Wednesday evening, this pub was surprisingly busy. The bar area was packed, so I ended up sitting at one of the tables at the back of the room. 

Duke of Kent is really single friendly has they have $4/$5/$6 little bites or appetizer which are portioned for individuals if no one going to share that $13 nachos with me! 

Decent selections of beer, nothing really fancy but one would have find something they enjoy. 

Mini Burger and Fries ($4) looks really cute. It tasted decently good a lot better than some other pub food I had. 

Services was friendly and prompt. I was served the moment I sat down and the server checked on me a few time making sure I was happy with everything... which I don't really expect in a pub! 

I definitely would come back to Duke of Kent for a drink! Too bad the weather is getting cold to enjoy their nice patio!"
"I got excited!! There is a new restaurant opening up at the closed Honey & Garlic  location http://www.yelp.ca/biz/honey-and-garlic-markham !

FTR?! Chinese Food!! My favourite and kind of my specialities?!

My Yelp Friend and I decided to have dinner here tonight and fight for who has the honour to write the FTR (usually me because I am pushy!) My camera was ready, my stomach was empty...

We walked in at 8 pm... and to our surprise the waiter said they are closed for the day?! What? Closed? They shut their gas supply already so no more wokking here!

8 pm?! when they supposed to open from 9 am to 11 pm?!

Dim sum is $2.80 each and my friend told me is not as good as before... so I don't know... should I come back? Am I setting myself up for an Epic Fail?"
"2.5 star + 0.5 star (because it is in Pickering?) 

I circled this strip Mall twice before I find Red House Thai & Malaysian Restaurant.. The sign is really small.. or I am just getting older?! 

The waitress here is super nice and welcoming... and when she knows that we speak the same dialect, she got more exciting and even went into the kitchen and tell the chef that someone here eating speak Cantonese... sigh.. is it a good sign? 

Lunch Specials serves from 11 AM to 3 PM Daily... starting from $6.95 includes 2 spring rolls and a pop. 

Mee Noon Goreng Chicken ($7.45) 
- it is really vermicelli stired fried with chicken and veggie in a Sambal Sauce 
- It is served in a metal wok... sigh... 
- not bad, but I think I can do it by getting a bottle of Sambal sauce from the supermaket... it lacks the real taste and kick of authenticity 
- Spring Rolls are frozen supermarket varieties too 

It is a little unfair to based my review on just one visit or one particular dish... but really sometimes it is the first impression that counts... 

Red House Thai & Malaysian is a decent restaurant in Pickering area because of the limited in choices... so if you are in the area and you want an Asian food fix.. you won't be disappointed.

BTW, the lunch menu online is outdated.. they changed the offereings and the price a little bit."
"Definitely don't come to have dinner at Steam Kitchen Alone. 

This is one of those rare time I wish I am with some one. What to order? The menu for dinner is totally different from lunch and I wish I know before hand.

One can find the usual meat, seafood, chicken steamed or stir fried Cantonese style.

Vermicelli Stir Fried in Spicy XO sauce with Pork ($9.50) is one of the few fried noodles/rice dishes that are good if one dine alone. Taste wise is ok with just a hint of spiciness.

I probably have to come back for lunch as Steam Kitchen offers a HK style cafe set lunch at quite affordable prices... Maybe that is more my thing??

Grand Opening Special 10% off. Cash Only!"
"I did not come to Morph Hair Designs because of Tanya N's yelp review and my hair stylist  is not Peter.. maybe I have to try him out and my experience is different?

Set up is nice, people are friendly, deco is cool.

I am coming here since my usual hair stylist Cary  now works here. 

Parking might be an issue during weekend... so I guess I won't be cutting my hair then.

Closes Tuesdays"
"My experience at Chili's were both A-OK. I enjoyed drinking their Margarita inside the bar or on their patio.

I also have a taste of couple of their offerings during Savour York Region Restaurant Week. Good if you like Tex-Mex food.

Weekday Happy Hour and Daily Specials. Not a bad place to watch a game or just to chill with your friends."
"Gonoe Sushi is relative small sushi restaurant compares to Tako Sushi next door. 

Though the exterior of the building is plain and minimalistic.. the interior deco is traditional and quite Asian... 

My friend was so excited that we got to sit inside those private booth...not that she is my Hot Date....and we are going to need some privacy? All we here today just for the Lunch Specials. 

Sashimi, Sushi and Roll ($13.95) 
- Nicely presented and made my friend went wow!! I guess Gonoe Sushi is a good place to impress your friend?? 
- Great selections of fish..and everything was nicely done.. 

Tempura and Beef Teriyaki Combo ($12.95) 
- A little disappointed..as the beef was really dry and the teriyaki sauce was not too good 
- Tempura was not bad: batter was light and just a tad oily since it was cold by the time it was served 

The Verdict: As the name implied, Gonoe Sushi, stuck with sushi, sashimi or rolls... avoid the cooked food.. and you won't be disappointed. 

Services here were polite and efficient.. Gonoe Sushi definitely a good place for lunch!!"
"On a hot summer afternoon, all the customers at Chocolates & Creams has definitely more interested in their Creams than their Chocolates!!

One Scoop for $3.99 but it is definitely NOT a regular scoop... kid's size?? I guess good for portion control or if you are on a diet. I can eat that ice cream in ONE bite!!

Belgium Chocolate Ice Cream tasted A-OK.. rich and chocolaty!

There are some tables right outside the store have a great view of Lake Ontario.

Definitely NOT the ""Best Ice Cream in Toronto""!"
"Via Cibo serves solid rustic Italian fare. 

Love their daily specials since I am always on a budget.

The Tuesday $8 pasta dish really satisfy my carb craving. The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente.

$8 pizza Wednesday?! I am in!

I am also eyeing that Bombalinos with Nutella please."
"Dropped by here for lunch on a Sunny afternoon.. The restaurant is empty... 

I was given the regular menu and decided to order the Beef Hand Made Noodle ($6.99) and after I ordered the other waiter said they have lunch menu for the same noodle for $4.99..and he suggested the Beef/Lamb pancake with sweet and sour soup which is good value.. I decided to stick with the beef noodle soup.

The dishes served here are really less oily and salty. There is hardly any oil in my clear beefy tasting broth. It is just the perfect saltiness for me and the beef too is not fat, really tender and soft.

The noodles since it is hand made are of different fhickness... I do expect that, however some of them are double the width of the others?? What happen is some of the noodles are more cooked and some more al dente... This is the only thing I am not too happy about.

The deco is really nice and chic too... no sticky floors, no sticky tables.The lunch menu are so reasonably priced! I will definitely be back again to try out other dishes!!"
"Williams Coffee Pub here really badly in need of some renov or a facelift! I am not asking them to torn down the inside and do a complete makeover but at least CHANGE the cushions seatings of some of the booth seats!!

I took a photo.. I don't believe what bad shape it is until I try parking myself in one of those! 

The Iced Cappuncino and the cappuncino we order are both good. So I don't mind coming back for their coffee. 

There are a lot of people/students here studying or using the Free Wifi here. I feel like I am in a library more than in a coffee shop since everyone all so concentrating and end up I have to whisper to my friend too.. shhh!

3 stars for coffee
- 1 star for deco
0.5 star for free WIFI

2.5 star"
"Sadly, The Tea Leaf is CLOSED and replaced by another DavidsTea...

http://www.yelp.ca/biz/davidstea-north-york#hrid:2SZXwyXDjJh_R0zMAhwjqw"
"Wandering around Shops at Don Mills on a Saturday night. I just want to find a place to chill and a quick dinner alone... 

Joey Don Mills? No Way! There's a wait?!! OK is Saturday night... but is like 6:30 pm.. I thought only grandmothers eats that early! 

Jack Astor... Boo... 

Linda's?? $17 for a pad thai?? Maybe not tonight! 

Fabbrica looks promising as there were no lines and I'll be eyeing it for the longest time.. waitresses all seems wearing black mini skirt uniforms?? 

I got a high table at the bar area, or I should have renamed that kids zone..Seems like Fabbrica are seating all the family with kids in the same area... but why I too seated here?? 

Services was attentive and excellent!! My Margherita Pizza ($16) arrived so fast... Even before I log into Fabbrica WIFI network (ask staffs for password!). The pizza itself has really great flavour and enhanced with the fresh basil. The crust itself though was too soggy, too doughy for my taste. I hate my pizza being burnt but this one tasted like it needs to be in the wood burning oven for a few more minutes!! 

After loading on the carbs on the complementary artisan bread and the pizza itself, I couldn't have dessert and anyway they were out of Goat Cheese Souffle for the night, so I just passed on the dessert! 

I don't think I would come back to Fabbrica for their pizza... but I might try other items on the menu... I might be back? or I might not!"
"To me it is a burger ""meat"" market, but to one of my dinner mate (no name here) it is for sure a ""meat"" market!

Even before I settled myself and think of what good to eat... selecting my meat (kobe?or AAA? or Natural or whatever) my friend already ask me to check out another table? Me? I am here for the burger... burger.... you know food!!!

Leave me alone, I am trying to keep my choice simple and cost down as adding gourmet toppings at $1.25 each will easily made this burger an extremely overpriced burger! 

The Posh Burger with AAA Black Angus ($12) cooked medium with a hint of pink is in fact quite good. The mushroom, white truffle oil and mozzarella really give the patty a good flavour. 

My other dinner mate all enjoyed their burgers and we all have a draft beer as a side.

I might skip dinner and come to The Burger Cellar for lunch instead as they are offering lunch specials for $10 that includes a classic burger, fries and a non alcoholic beverage."
"I love everything about Bud's Coffee Bar!

From the simple industrial deco to the cool hipster vibe.

And both our Cappuccino and Cortado were well made with nice micro milk froth for a perfect latte art!

Though has limited seating, most people do have it to go as we had no problem getting our seats and enjoying our coffees with a good view of Queen St!

I will definitely be coming back to Bud's for my espresso fix whenever I am in the area!"
"Just get me one of everything! That's how I ended up with

4 oz samplers for $2.17

- Boucanier 
- Cerna Hora
- Drak
- Elephant (low alcohol - $ 1.74)
- Fin Siecle
- Weixen
- Amere
- Odense Porter
- Stout

I enjoyed almost all the beers I sampled. Great for everyday drinking at such a reasonable price!

The set up is modern and pleasant, not too dark as some of the brew pubs I have been to so I can still admire the colour of my beers!! 

Service here was excellent! Our waitress came back and check in with out frequently to make sure that we have everything we need even the place was quite busy!

I will be back! 

Love their beers!"
"White Heather Scottish Bakery Ltd. is as authentic Scottish as one can expect. 

Most of the customers that dropped by on this particular afternoon were usual customers as they were all greeted by their first names!

The meat pie ($3.20) I have was excellent as a snack!! The lady reheated it and it was so hot!! I almost burn my mouth! If you just want to buy one to go it is only $2!

They also have afternoon tea specials with pot of tea and scones.

White Heather has this really homey feel... I felt like I was in a small restaurant at one of the little English Village!

BTW, they also carries British groceries and candies!!"
"Pizza Tuesday at Marca Trattoria is a sweet deal. For $15 you have a choice of main (pizza, panzerotti, pasta and mussels) with a glass of wine or beer.

Don't order mussels if you are really hungry or when mussels not in season as you will left hungry... really hungry.

Panzerotti is ok but I would not order that again.

Maybe I should stick with Pizza or Pasta??

The Tuesday menu supposes to change frequently. I might be back to try them out again.

At least I was in a good mood after drink two 5oz glasses of red/white wine. 

The interior is dark with dim lighting. Good for a romantic date."
"Grand Noodles serves more than noodles.

Think Hong Kong Style Cafe + Noodle. 

There are selected combos available during lunch and dinner hours. Menu though small and limited.

Mustard Spicy Beef on Rice ($6.95) 芥末辣牛肉飯

""Submarine"" Baked  Pork Chop in Tomato Sauce  on Rice ($9.95) 尚艇焗豬扒飯 with interesting presentation as the ingredients were baked inside a baguette.

懷舊奶茶 Old School HK Style Milk Tea
冰镇奶茶 Ice Less HK Style HK Milk Tea

Pork Chop was amazingly tasty. The tomato sauce was well balanced. 

Overall, all the food we ordered were all above my expectations. A little twist to the classic items in most HK Cafe.

I would come back to try out their Grand Noodles! Hopefully that would be as good!"
"Super Zamani is located right next to Super Khorak.. what a difference in the vibes. 

The inside is quite small...the selections seems minimum. Even the hot food section looks so runned down and unattractive. The funny thing is the price point is a little higher than Super Khorak...so not surprise there was hardly any people shopping here.

So if you need to pick up any Persian groceries save yourself time and money.. go next door! That's what we did!"
"I am eating a Spicy Chocolate Cupcake ($2.50) and writing this review the same time. And yes I am making a mess! *Licking my fingers!*

So Into Cupcakes is on Ellesmere West of Markham right next to Coffee Culture. The frontage and the deco inside the store are both minimalistic with the main colour theme of dark grey, black and white. 

There is NOTHING in here but Cupcakes.....and more Cupcakes!

Friday afternoon and  a few varieties of cupcakes left the includes Vanilla, Coconut, Lemon, Mocha, Chocolate, Rocky Road, Salted Caramel and Peanut Butter. Usually I am really indecisive but when I saw the feature of the day on the pedestal, I know I am getting that!!

The frosting on the Spicy Chocolate is surprisingly smooth and creamy ..... more like a mousse... with just a touch of spicy. The cake itself is moist. The only complain is I wish it is bigger! :)

It is great to have a cupcake shop open up in Scarborough... and a fanciful one too! :)

So Into Cupcakes welcomes to the neighbourhood!"
"I have been to Honest Kitchen a few time for both lunch and dinner. 

Not easy to open next to Maple Yip and serves similar Cantonese dishes at similar pricing. 

So how are the dishes? All the ones I tried were all quite good but nothing really memorable. I do enjoy their Deep Fried Ginger and Garlic Tiger Shrimp quite a bit though.

Will I be back? Maybe? Especially if Maple Yip is crazily busy.... 

Lunch Special though is decent, $5.95 with over 30 different items to choose from!"
"Sierra Grill is closed after 33 years in business. 

I guess Sierra Grill doesn't really fit the vibe of the New Bayview Village!

http://www.postcity.com/Eat-Shop-Do/Eat/November-2011/Sierra-Grill/"
"After I ate at 168 Sushi Asian Buffet, I don't think I will be having sushi or Japanese food or buffet for the rest of the week..... and usually I can eat sushi everyday!

Everything is a little bit off at 168 Sushi Asian Buffet. The shari rice, the sauces they use, the fish, the snow crab legs, the funny coloured Miso soup... I just don't feel too good after I have dinner here.

The cooked food though have a good selections of both Thai, Japanese and Korean but they tasted similar.. everything is so saucy... all of them are like drowned in sauce.....
We tried quite a few things from the menu
- Sashimi: Salmon, Red Snapper, Octopus
- Sushi: Tuna (meh)
- Shrimp Tempura (cold and oily)
- Beef with enoki mushroom (quite good)
- Seafood Udon (MEH!!)
- Crab Leg (MEH!)
- Seaweed Salad (look gross)
- Various Rolls: They all just loaded with Tempura bits... every single one of them!!!
- Hand Rolls: Spicy Salomon (loaded with Tempura bits) and Eel roll (Sauce is off!)
- Kalbi (all fat!!)
- Spicy Korean Seafood (meh!)
- Deep Fried Banana (drowned in Maple Syrup)
- Ice Cream

Services is A-OK.. but the servers here are really so obsessed with clearing out our tables as fast as they can... maybe they are playing diner dash?

Luckily I didn't pay full price for our dinner since there's a dealfind special which I took advantage of that.... if not dinner is $23.95 and lunch at $13.95!

BTW, my dinner companion really enjoys the ice cream... I lost count of how many scoops she has?! 10?"
"Driving Aimless along Steeles, looking for food.... Seriously everywhere around here is either a farm, a factory plant, a garage....Where are we? Where are we going?

Then We saw The Chicken Stop... oh no The Chicken Shop!

Here you can find all the chicken you need in whatever forms you can think of! Aside of being alive........not free range chicken running around!

Whole, Quarters, Drumsticks, Thighs, Split Breasts, Whole Wings, Split Wings, Boneless Breast, Ground Chicken, Chicken Liver, Chicken Giblets with Hearts, Mature Chicken, Chicken Bacon, Chicken Wieners, Chicken Franks, Chicken Roast...And even Halal options!!

Not only you can get your chicken here, you can also get all the spices, the herbs, the sauces, the marinades to make your chicken taste good?

And if you are in no mood to cook at all and want a snack, they also has fried chicken, roast chicken, BBQ chicken, chicken sandwiches...

3pc Spicy Cajun Fried Chicken Combo ($6.59) comes with fries and cole slaw though tasted a little sad..as the batter is just so salty without any spices at all! The only saving grace were the Dr. Jones ($1.29) and Stewart's Cream Soda ($1.29) that help us washed that the stale fries and cold chicken.

Maybe I should have buy my own chicken to cook it?! Deep Fried, Roasted, Steamed, BBQ..... thigh, breasts, legs, wings...

Gee! That's just too much choices!!

Disclaimers: The Chicken Shop is own by Maple Lodge Farms and it is their outlet if you want to buy chicken in a case to feed a whole village!"
"I used to live in the area years and years ago.... I still remember walking down to the closest library down to Parliament and Gerrard. Oh and there was this mobile library that comes by once a week parked inside St James Town!

Then finally now this neighbourhood has its own library at 2004!! A great addition to this community as the apartments in the area has a lot of kids and seniors that benefits from the services.

Love all those floor to ceiling windows, letting the sunlight in and make the space more open. 

The design itself has won awards including Design Exchange Awards (Bronze Award)  and Toronto Architecture and Urban Design Award."
"This Oriental Food Mart is one of the smallest one compare to the other Mega stores in the same franchise.

Parking lot is always quite busy as there are numerous restaurants in the same plaza. But if you don't mind walking a bit, there always spots at the further end of the huge lot!

There are good selections of everything. I definitely find most of the Oriental Food Mart has more interesting items in stock than T&T. Always items on sale in every department and some of them are not even advertise in their flyers!

Opens till 12 am. 

As usual, make sure you double check the expiry date before purchasing!"
"Dirty coffee mugs with coffee strains at the rim really turned me off!

I have to give credit for the Starbucks for the placement of the electric outlets. There are really 3 different sets around the stores and spread out quite nicely. The chance of getting a table near a plug is quite good!

The nice armchair in the front of the store is a great place to lounge and take a breather...

But those coffee mugs!! Just gross me out!"
"LUNCH Specials Alert! 

I was looking to have a little taste of Inakaya before coming here for a full dinner.. so I decide to come here for lunch. 

Lunch Specials are $7.95 have choices of Udon/Soba, Salt Grilled Fish and Maki Set. The choices are quite limited but for that price I could not complain. They also have a lunch menu which is more pricey if you want to splurge a little more. 

Grilled Salmon Neck ($7.95) 
- 3 big pieces grilled to perfection.. has freshly grilled marks on them 
- Just cooked perfectly... juicy and tender... and little fatty 

Soba Noodle and deep fried sweet tofu and Cucumber Rolls ($7.95) 
- Cucumber rolls oh so good.. the seaweed so crispy and flavoured no those soggy crap 
- Big Big bowl of soba!! With seaweed, enoki mushroom with lightly flavoured broth 

The deco inside of the restaurant is really homey and feel likes one of the little family ran restaurant in Japan! 

They accepts all credit cards."
"Since Moo Beef Noodle House has all those signs on their front window advertising their new menu.. which includes Stinky tofu. 

The nice waitress was no where in sight.. a little disappointed. The one working there this particular afternoon is a little rough on the edges.. but is OK I am as rough anyway! 

Special House Beef Noodle ($7.99) 
- Beef is nice and tender... and have a mix of different texture: tendon, fat, meat.. all were well cooked 
- Soup based I found lack the depth... not really too interesting and on the salty side (my friend did not drink all the soup much) 
- I think I will stick with the saucy soup based I have last time 
- Noodle I found is a little average and forgettable.. 

Stinky Tofu ($6.99) 
- Taiwanese style with pickled veggie on the side 
- Dare I said NOT stinky enough... and the hot sauce on the side is not spicy enough... (I have stinky tofu in the night market in Taipei, I guess my standard is higher) 

I am glad how Moo trying to diversify their menus and offers more Taiwanese dishes.. good enough to satisfy one cravings.. but nothing that you will ask your friends to run and try them right away!"
"2.5 star.. the egg tart worth that 1 star 

When I stepped into Lisboa Bakery & Grillhouse, I should just have a coffee and an egg tart and leave.. but I was too hungry after my prolonged yoga class and I missed my lunch... 

There are no smoke, no smell of meat cooking... nothing!!! Lisboa as a grillhouse that is really disappointing!! Especially they have an open kitchen... and where are the flame?? 

The guy at the grill sections was too busy mopping the floor and kept asking me to give him a few minutes several times.. another sign that I should just skip the chicken and just walk out with a takeout egg tart.. but when you hungry, you don't think proper.. Finally the other lady at the bakery area served me and got me my chicken. 

1/4 dark meat chicken with 2 sides: veggie and potatoes ($6.99) 
- This have to be one of the driest dark meat I have at a grillhouse... dried because it has been grilled a long time and have been sitting somewhere heated waiting for me.... not only dry but bland tasting too.... 
- The 2 sides though tasted pretty good in comparison.. 
- Swiss Chalet chicken now sounded like a better choice! 

Portuguese Egg custard Tart ($1) 
- yummy egg tart saved my lunch 
- flaky, crusty outer layer.. with oh not so sweet custard... 
- when the girl ask me how many I want, I should have said 2! :P 

Soccer and Portuguese game shows showing on the TV... so both the ladies and gents that eating here were entertained. 

1 hour free parking at the back of the restaurant which I took advantage of!"
"This LCBO location is relatively new.

Well stocked as you can find most of the items you can find in other LCBOs.

But if you looking for sake or other Asian offerings, you might be disappointed!

Walk in cooler for beers... I always like that! 

Ample parking... I like that too!"
"I like the set up of this Starbucks..usually as a Starbucks that belong a part of the Chapters, most of them just a separate store. 

However, for this location, it is integrated right with the store itself. The partition.. and dividers made it looks like a little store  with windows opening into the store and people kind of sitting around it like sitting in a patio...

Tons of seatings.. bar stools facing the store.. or single tables if you want to have more privacy without sharing!

This place is super busy.. on a Sunday afternoon.. a lot of people ordering takeout so they can just browse around Indigo with their coffee in hand."
"Com Tam 168 serves the worst Banh Cuon Vietnamese Steamed Rice Roll ($6) I ever had in GTA... don't even bother or think about ordering. It is cold, hard and tasteless. Might as well take it off the menu.

The Pho ($7) was not bad and have a choice of fresh or dried noodle but the broth was quite one dimension and really on the sweet side. The soup was not hot enough so my raw beef stayed really raw.

I don't think I would be back. 

Cash ONLY"
"The only good thing about this Starbucks is location! 

If you meeting someone at Finch Station on a cold winter night, you can get your coffee fix without even getting out in the cold! 

I don't think I can ever get a seat here... all the patrons are circling around like sharks ready to jump in any open seats... Most of the patrons are young Koreans.. not my crowd but someone might love to people watching here! 

And the drink I ordered, Skinny Caramel Macchioto ($ 3.75) is pathetic. I know why it is call skinny and low in calories.. because it tasted like water? hot water? that's should be 0 calories... and for that price....Now I never want one of those skinny drinks anymore!

Free Wifi access... if I can get a chair and table then i might utilize that ..."
"I dropped by this particular location of The Brick since they have a commercial sales department.

Wandering around and trying to get a salesperson that is available is not easy! Maybe it was a Sunday and none of the salesperson has a tag of them, so I might even look like one myself.

The selection here is a little overpriced but I guess there's always the practice of marking up and giving one a discount?! But I love to browse around the model kitchens..while I daydream about my ""Dream"" Kitchen until I saw the price tag... 

I finally tracked down one of the sales and everything seems to be run smoothly.....

PS As for the furniture selection... Definitely not my taste....."
"Nigiri-Ya Sushi to Go is a nice and cozy sushi joint!

 I always have a soft side when it comes to small family owned business like Nigiri-Ya. I wish there are more businesses like that instead of those big box/franchise ones that everyone is faceless and have no personality!

The Japanese couples with the husband as chef and the wife as waitress are so nice and friendly... The place is really small with a few sit in tables and was practically empty on a Sunday evening.

Sushi and the Sashimi we ordered were quite good and fresh.. but nothing really wow me. It is a good place for some nice pre dinner snacking on sushi/sashimi but not as a full sit in dinner.

Nigiri-Ya Sushi is a good options for takeout sushi/sashimi if you lives in the area, but I would not go out of my way to come here... Not the sushi I am daydreaming about!

BTW, they do offer lunch specials for $10 with choice of nigiri and maki.

They accepts Mastercard and Visa."
"The Comrade is my favourite lounge in Leslieville!

Great beer selections with 2 full pages, for sure you can find something you like!

Cocktails from $10 were nicely crafted. My Elderflower Frizz ($10) was well balanced.

Staffs were attentive and not being overbearing. 

I love the different seating options. The armchairs we  lounge in feels homey and comfy...... 

Cheers!"
"Black Oak Brewery is one of the few local breweries in the Toronto area.

It is not only a retail store where you can pick up some of their beers which are seasonal and not available in LCBO or beer stores. If you do ask nicely, you even get a private tour of the facilities and gets to taste a couple of beers!!! (5 to be exact!!)

Summer Sasion and 10 Bitter Year are only available in the brewery as 6 Packs which I now have them in my fridge ready for a patio party!

We also tasted some small batch IPA on tap only...and of course their usual Pale Ale and Nutty Brown Ale...

Which one is my favourite? I think I need to sample them again to find out! I definitely coming back for a visit next time when I in the area!! Maybe even for some of the events they host like Game Night!"
"Calypso Chicken and Rice ($5.99) Special of the Day is not that special after all.

Fried dark meat chicken cooked in a spicy sauce then reheated in a microwave in a Styrofoam box was a little cold. While I was eating my semi heated chicken and eyeing Tangerine next door, maybe I should have went there for some real heat and spice?

Halal friendly..

I still don't get it about heating up food in a microwave in a Styrofoam container??

A side note: While I was drinking my Pineapple Ginger Nectar($1.95), I just realized that if I finished the whole bottle of this juice, I would have consumed 280 calories and 62 g of sugar... maybe that's why I am on a sugar high now?"
"Libraries and Coffeehouse both makes me happy! 

And imagine a Coffee shop inside a library!! I can yelp about both of them at the same time? Awesome! 

Pam's Coffee is located inside the Richmond Hill Central Library. 

So if you have a urge for a Mocha, Latte, Smoothies or even a treat while you chilling in the library, looks no further.... 

It might not serves the best espresso beverage, but just being so convenient Pam's deserves a 3 star!

Strawberry and Banana Smoothies was A-OK! Made to order freshing using the real fruits! Getting my daily requirment of fruits through a yummy drink made me feel healthy!"
"Aroma Espresso Bar is such a pleasant surprise! 

I did not realized that there are so much seatings at the back of the shop! We have no problem securing a table where we sipped on coffee and enjoyed some girly talk on this Sunday evening! 

Both our Mocha Coffee and Cappuccino was nicely prepared and of course love that chocolate and the heavy mugs they were served in! 

Free Wifi is great idea, it can be a curse for some if all they want is to have a coffee and relax, not trying to find seats where people are parking themselves for hours with their laptops. Aroma Espresso Bar seems to solve this problem with hardly any outlets to juice up your laptops... so did limit those extended hours long stay! 

Service here is nice and friendly. Coffee is great. Plentiful Seatings.. I for sure will be coming back!"
"Sadly Inakaya no longer offers lunch... no more lunch specials!! :(

Dinner experience here is so so... the food is really good... but the service really lacking and a little over priced for some of the items we shared!!

Rainbow Roll ($15)  - Excellent!
Wagyu Beef ($55) - MEH!!
Sashimi App ($15) - OK
Chirashi ($27) - love the sea bream and the sweet shrimp!
Cold Sake Draft ($15)

That Wagyu Beef for sure is a great disappointment... we got around 10 piece of thinly sliced beef and one have to cook them fast on the flame if not they just get burnt really fast... and definitely not worth the money we paid for!

I definitely not coming back on a Saturday when Inakaya is just so busy and ended up we no services... our waitress cannot even able to serve us our food properly...

I am so sad... I really want to love Inakaya........."
"The last 2 times we were there, the Seafood Linguine definitely not as good as before........ Seafood is not as fresh, the scallops became little bay scallops....."
"Dropping by this Blinds To Go's location to pick up the blinds we ordered from Scarborough since this location is more convenient.

Walking into an empty store. Sales Associate were not really helpful and have no clue what I was talking about. Gave her the order number and name and she still have issue  finding my order. "" You sure it is the right store?"" ""Your order number no showing up?""  In frustration I even shown her my email confirmation.... 

Ended up my order was located. I was given 1 box! But I order 3 blinds?! Then 2 more boxes were find. But where is my valance which suppose to be over 5 feet wide?! Then  the last box got located.

A frustrating experience.

I can understand if the store is super busy but with no customer around, I expect staff would be more careful and attentive."
"I have been to Sushi Bong's North York location and had a so so experience.  And when Sushi Bong opens up in this location, I was a little skeptical. But I decided to give it a try.

I did not order one of those Mega rolls but just something simple: Spicy Tuna Roll ($5.49) was decent. Spiced using Gochujang was right on point, sweet sour and spicy.

Since we were there during late afternoon, there was no wait for our roll. 

Takeout definitely a good option as there is a nice open area right in front of the restaurant which is perfect for a sushi picnic or of course you can also eat that inside the mall."
"Another takeout place selling duck parts as snack food?

Should I be excited? How difference is Wuhan Hei Ya from the other place Kung Fu Duck?

The secret might be in the spice, herbs and marinade. Initial sweetness follows with numbing spiciness. Once you starts eating, there will be no stopping.... till everything is gone!

Duck wings for $1 might now be one of my favourite beer snack. I have yet to try the tongue (15 for $6) as it was sold out when I got there! 

Grand Opening Special 15% off.

Quote from Bai about the product:

黑鸭是一种新型鸭制食品，是继烤鸭、酱板鸭、精武鸭之后，又一风靡武汉的休闲美食。它""味道很奇怪""，刚入口时""有点甜""，然后""越来越辣,越来越麻""，吃完了""嘴边还留有余香"",久久难忘。它皮黑肉嫩、醇厚不腻、香鲜味美，具有香、辣、麻、酥、嫩的特点，而且肉质精到、鲜嫩诱人，不仅闻的香，看了更让人欲罢不能，急于品尝；还因其色泽黄黑而得名，其味悠远，甜中带辣，辣中带麻，麻中带香，香味入骨，常使人垂涎三尺，食之不忘。"
"The Mercantile is such a cute store. 

If you are into cooking, enjoy all the spices, condiments and marinade here. 

Ginger Syrup.. not only for cooking for great for a nice cocktail or a spice up your drink..

Those different kind of salts.. truffle infused? Beacon Salt? Let me sprinkle some on my french fries...

Brix Chocolate? Great for pairing with Champagne, Riesling and Pinot Noir!

Ok you don't need to be into cooking to enjoy and be inspired by the merchandise at The Mercantile."
"I been in the area of years and been to most of the libraries in Scarborough and I don't believe I ever been to Goldhawk Park Library!

It is kind of hidden... even when I was right in front of the building.. I still have doubts if I am at the right place..

The branch itself is quite small and have limited seatings. It can be quite busy as it basically surrounded by all these condos buildings at Alton Towers.

I might use this branch as a drop off for my library books but I don't think I will be spending much time here as the space is small and stuffy...."
"I could not even find a seat at this Starbucks on this particular rainy overcast afternoon... 

The tables here are so small.. and people just having their laptops set up and a single person took up the whole table... didn't help they put their bags on the empty chairs across from them!! 

So 8 tables with singles... I am not trying to force someone to share a table or talk with me over a coffee.. I just want to sit down!! And people your freaking bags should not be taking up the seats! 

Aside from that.. standard Starbucks... with deliciously looking goodies.. which I almost tempted to buy one of those Chocolate Caramel Pretzel... I have to really resist the urge to so NO!! when the girl asked me anything else!"
"Karage Chicken! Oishii!

Anything that breaded and deep fried tastes good?! Maybe.

But eating all these deep fried goodness from a food stall right on Dundas West?! I just love that experience!

At first we ordered a Gushi Chicken Rice Bowl ($5) and I ate that so fast! Then we ordered Just Gushi Chicken ($5) with 5 pieces and a Deep Fried Hot Dog! And I ate those really fast too...

They were just so good!! 

I wish there are more food cart/stall in Toronto and of course they have to be as good as Gushi!"
"Jang Won All you can eat Mon~Thu lunch for $11.99? The choice is easy. 

Meat Meat Meat: Samgyupsal (Pork Belly), Kalbi (Beef Ribs), Bulgogi, Daeji Bulgogi (Spicy Pork) and Chicken.

I usually don't have patient to cook, so I glad that my Yelp friend in charge of the cooking. If not, I would have ate everything half cooked or burnt!  

I love Kalbi and Spicy Pork... there is no limit on what you can order even all those different kinds of soup aside from 2 scoops of ice cream each.

There are also entrees and other Korean fare one can order.

Watching World Cup game while BBQing.. a long lunch break!

15% Service Charge add to the bill. But service is friendly worth the tip!"
"Canton Kitchen is always the busiest at the food courts at Silver Star Blvd. 

Good prices with meals starting at $3.99 tax with a choice of drink/soup of the day/soy milk drink! No need to wait for lunch specials since it is all day long!

I cannot even buy food and cook at home at this price point?! Maybe that's why I eat out so much?

Vermicelli with Pork and Zucchini ($3.99) with milk tea was great for breakfast! So many veggies made me felt healthy. 

Take it easy with their Chili Oil though, it has peppercorn inside! A lot spicier than the usual ones, they have bottles on sale for $5!

You might have to wait a little for your order to be ready as there are so many phone in orders for pick up... but definitely worth the wait!"
"This review is based on my lunch experience at Little Bangkok.

There are Lunch Specials Monday to Friday 11:30 to 3:00 price starting from $7.95. It includes choice of lemon chicken or coconut chicken soup, spring roll and a choice of main.

I decided on the grilled chicken served with sticky rice  and papaya salad that is only available Tuesday and Wednesday. (I really want to ask the waiter why only 2 days?? the only 2 days they get chicken? or the only 2 days they will grilled?)

The coconut chicken soup is delicious as usual. The papaya salad is fresh and tasty (I forgot to ask for Thai Spicy so it is served Canadian Spicy!) The grilled chicken ahhhhh really juicy... as a breast it is so nicely done with a lot of flavour! Sticky rice... is just ok.. I prefer the regular brown rice..

The service is quick and friendly. It is a great place to have a nice and quiet lunch!

I will be back again to try out all others lunch specials on the menu!!

REMEMBER order SPICY if you want to have real authentic Thai food!

They accepts all credit cards and interac!"
"Ho Shin Tang means Good Soup according to my friendly waitress! 

*Cute waitress alert for my Yelp Friend! 

Their Gamjatang (Pork Bone Soup) is suppose to slimmer for over 24 hour and is their signature dish.

Gamjatang ($7.99) here is a lot less spicy and the flavour is a lot more subtle than other Korean restaurants. Just a hint of spiciness by red pepper powder and definitely lack the punch. The soup was not served as hot as I would like and the pork bones were lukewarm.

Bulgogi Jungol ($9.99) has so much sliced beef that would have make any meat eater happy. The taste of beef was strong and so was the sweet soy sauce was quite intense! One of the better bulgogi jungol I experienced.

Waitress gave us free refill of banchen and even asked if I need more soup for my Gamjatang! 

Ho Shin Tang is open from 6 AM serving Korean Breakfast! Morning Special for $6.99!"
"This is the 2nd location of Nak Won Korean Restaurant. I never been to the other location so this place is new to me. It is located in the plaza of First Markham Place.

When I got there around 11:30 AM for an early lunch, there was only 1 table occupied.

There are lunch specials starting from $6.99 (see photos for the special). I ordered the Took Baei Bulgoki (Seasoned Marinated Sirloin Beef in a hot stone bowel serving with rice - try saying that in 1 breathe!)

The meals came with 7 different appetitizers and salad. I was half full after eating those.... Then the beef arrived bubbling hot... like a little volcano! For $7.99 that is a lot of food!!! 

The beef tasted really tender and the soup was great! BTW the rice is white rice, I am not sure if they have the option of brown rice instead.

Since most of the lunch specials are non spicy. I have to add Korean Chilli Sauce on it to make my meal complete.

The services were fast and efficient. A little indifference, not polite, not rude.

They accepts credit cards."
"I always end up coming to Latea Era due to the ridiculous long line and slow service at Coco next door.

Once I got tricked by the Happy Hour Poster and ended up I did not read the smaller print as it is a student only special.

I tried the Crown Top Rose Oolong which I enjoyed. And I like how they put real lime and lemon wedges in my Lime and Lemon Green Tea.

The interior is tastefully decorated. A ""rustic"" Taiwanese feel. 

Maybe I bring a student next time to get a student Happy Hour discount?"
"Don't judge a book by its cover!

I was a little reluctant to come into Alice Bakery because it is not one of those plushy looking and fancy bakery I like to frequent. The place was empty when I looked through the windows, but my Yelp friend just dragged me in. I do have to thanks him for that.

All I have to say their pastries is amazing! And so good in value!

They all looked so good in the display so it took us a little while to decide what to get.

Raspberry Napoleon ($3.50) tasted delish and huge! Chocolate waffles ($2.50) so rich!

Americano and Cappuccino for $1.50 each?! Who needs to go to Tim Hortons just across the street?!

Now I need to come back to try out other home made pastries and desserts! Danish? Apple Tarts? or More Napoleon!!"
"The Owl & Firkin is a good place for a night cap if you are in the 404/Woodbine area.

There are a good selections of Drafts with some seasonal specials. I wish they have a beer list because the waitress was almost out of breath when she tried to do a run down of what available.

There are also daily specials.. Monday and Tuesday the chicken wings are 60 cents each with a few flavours aside from the standards.

There are great booth seating that gives you quite a bit of privacy. 

Peri Peri flavour chicken wings are A-OK... spicy and well flavoured and the wings itself are quite moist and light.

There are 4 TVs surrounding our booth area and free WIFI... so you might think your friends are listening to you but they really either watching the game on one of the TVs or yelping....

Service is A-OK. Our waitress is attentive and patient. 

Cheers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"CoCo Fresh Tea & Juice is one of the four BBT places at Commerce Gate. Talking about competition! Is it ready for competition?

CoCo has some good solid drinks that I like and I found their flavour more intense and I do enjoy their more interesting combination of drinks. But this location is definitely at a disadvantage as being a takeout place only. 

The fact that if they going to offer promotional specials on some of the drinks might help to bring in business as Chatime hardly have any specials. I might pick up something to try at $3.50 for a large.

So no Vicinity Points on promotions? I hope the head office would get it straight as it seems to have no standard on royalty program as it really depends on the locations or who is serving you?"
"Whenever I dragged my friend to go on a eating spree with me, she always complains no matter where I feed her... sushi (hmm), cakes (nahhh), burger (oh not again!) foie gras (oh...not one of the Hoofs) 

Ed's Real Scoop is the only place that when I asked her if she want some ice cream.. she would have said YAY!! I want it!! So that alone worth 4 stars!! 

I have been to the Leslieville location which I l enjoyed better because of the extra seating and more spacious set up. The Beach location is a little more run down.. but aside from that, it does have a more nostalgic charm. 

No patrons but us when we dropped by on this chilly Sunday afternoon... it was so windy.. and cold... I think most people were drinking hot chocolate instead of eating chocolate ice cream. 

Burnt Marshmallow and Tahitian Chocolate both taste smooth, rich and divine... 

I knew my friend really enjoyed her ice cream because she was licking her spoon non stop... as she would not let any goodness to be wasted! No judgement here, as I like to lick my plates clean too! :)"
"2.5 star

Tang Dynasty Best Food is not best food and should I be surprise?!

四川擔擔面Tau Tan Noodle ($4.50) which supposed to be the house special was nothing special at all. Lack any spiciness or that nutty flavour. The noodle was soggy and without texture.

Maybe other items on the menu are more well prepared? 

I am not sure? And I probably won't be back."
"I heard about Nguyen Huong Vietnamese Sandwiches for years... 

Before they used to be just in Chinatown..or you can get their sandwiches in some supermarket(which tasted not good at all and get can stale by the time you eat them)

This is right next to T & T at Middlefield. When I walked in this store I am in heaven!! Basically I like to eat everything here! Yes everything.. 

- freshly made sandwiches!!
I prefer order my sandwiches fresh (you can choose chicken, sauage, bbq pork, veg, meatballs or the classic cold cut) and I can custom order what I prefer! usually NO pate and extra pepper.. (extra extra pepper)
- fresh spring rolls
I like to order their spring rolls to go with my sandwich... you can pick meat or veggie
- Desserts
They have a good selections of dessert pastry right at the cashiers..ok why put it there.. so I can see them and buy them!
And they have the sweet soups desserts.. for $1.50! and so many to choose from... all my co workers love them!
- Vietnamese cold cuts
Anything you can think of or some that you don't..
- Prepackaged food
Cold meat or sauage with noodles and fish sauce, steamed rice noodle rolls with meat

And everything priced so good!! 

You have to go to see it yourself!! 

Thanks Nguyen Huong for openning up in the suburbs for us!!!

CASH only!"
"Now one can have a decent Vietnamese food in Stouffville. Pho Basil is welcome addition in the neighbourhood!!

Staff super friendly and enthusiastic enhanced the dining experience!

The interior is small but cozy. I did wait for 5 - 10 minutes when I dropped by for lunch.

Rare Beef Pho ($8)  has a good fragrant clear soup base which I really enjoyed. The portion size is good for the price! The large size might be too much for me. The beef though was really overcooked and lean which I did not like.

I am glad that Pho Basil can bring authentic Vietnamese food to this area. Not bad if you have a craving for Vietnamese food!"
"CMYE: Bloordale Bar Crawl #3

Drink??? Food: Cheap Fried Treats

Dear Yelp Drinking Buddy,

Thanks so much for buying me these treats... $3 for 10 and you stop complaining!

Yes I am a cheap date... and I think I deserve better... 

And you ate 3 out of the 4 Samosa which already is the better of all those that we got and so you should be happy.

Told you we should order the Dosa...but no.. we ended up just staring at Vivek's dosa and wondering if he ever comes back or we should just have his for dinner...

blah blah blah...  Where is my food!!!

To be continued....."
"Sometimes when you are in a so so mood... and you hate when people asking you too many personal questions.. especially if it is someone you never met before about where do you live? what you do for a living? (I feel like saying live in yelp world, yelping full time for a living) I guess I am in one of my bitchy mood?!

Dropped by Mystic Muffin during my Indie Coffee Passport Run, just a sense of ""been here! ate that!"". 

Toasted Pumpernickel Bagel with Butter and Med Coffee ($2.49)
- Great price! 
- The bagel itself was lightly toasted.. crispy outside and nice chewy inside.. and how I like it was not overloaded with butter... 

Services was nice and quick. I would have order more but it was a 3 pm post lunch snack... :)

I know it is not fair to rate Mystic Muffin based on one visit...but sometimes it is the first impression that counts? 

Maybe I should come back when I am in a better mood, maybe I will enjoy the jokes and humor better!"
"Nutty Chocolatier is an A-OK chocolate shoppe.

When I walked in I can smell the nice aroma of fudges and chocolate in the air........

They carries a lot of the packaged chocolate f different brands, candies and sweets... and for your diabetes' friends may I said the perfect gift of sugarless chocolate. BTW, sugarless does not mean that they don't have calories

The deco of Nutty Chocolatier are more traditional/down to earth.. remind me of a Carnival inside of a circus tent.. maybe a clown might pop out and play a joke on me! :P

I think kids or the young at heart does enjoy the atmosphere of Nutty Chocolatier over the more sophisticated atmosphere of some European chocolate store..

Wish they serves hot chocolate for the cold winter evening I was there.."
"Victoria Square Park is the biggest green space in Cathedraltown Neighbourhood. I love how it is a mixed use especially with the Natural Life area.

Water Park and kids area is well designed. There is also few gazebos that can sheltered from sun and rain.

Walking through the wild life area is definitely the most unique experience for  a urban park."
"I love the vibe and concept of Han Ba Tang. 

A Korean Fusion Tapas bar where I can munch on Korean inspired sharing plates, have a Asian Fusion cocktails and catch a baseball, basketball and hockey game? 

A cocktail with ginseng inside? Drinking something that is tasty and with health benefit. I am in! Or have some tasty soju infused shots.

Tacos and more Tacos
Ramen Salad - refreshing
Couch Salad - Meh
Crispy Prawn - big tasty prawns
HBT Bossam - Interesting presentation but for sure a sharing plate with fatty pork belly
Beef Kalbijjim - interesting smokey presentation and so tender 
Jjambbong: spicy and loaded with seafood
Mac and Cheese with Octopus: so spicy and so very spicy

Highly recommended if you want to have a drink or 2 with friends and snack on Korean pub food! 

Daily specials, make sure you check them out."
"It was a quiet and slow afternoon at Cafe Neve.

Cappuccino and Cortado was both nicely crafted with lovely latte art.

Good as a pit stop when you are in the area.

Barista was friendly.

We left happy and caffeinated."
"3.5 Star

Taylor's Landing is a nice and casual place for a drink or snack if you are at Shops at Don Mills. Came for lunch on a nice Summer day and I really enjoyed my experience. Love the option of sunny and shaded patio as I love the outdoor but just cannot sit in the sun for a long period, so the setting here is perfect!

Appetizers is mainly sharing plates. Great if you are looking for something light to go with some drinks.

We shared

Brisket Mac N Cheese ($9) 
Apple Maple Pork Belly ($8) - pork belly so tender and smokey
Landing Salad ($6) - refreshing and delicious
Warm Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp ($6)

Craft Beer selection is decent with bottles from local breweries. 

Service is fast and efficient as I told my waitress I had a movie to catch. Management also around and talked to every single table and making sure all the customers had a good time.

Highly recommend.

I just wish they have some happy hour special!"
"Oak Ridges Community Centre is the newest community center in Richmond Hill. 

It is definitely impressive! 

Facilities includes a 6 lane leisure pool with a slide, Oak Ridges Moraine Eco Centre, a fitness and aerobic studio, a gymnasium and more.

There are also various city sponsored programs held year round in the centre.

We ended up coming here for one of the Moonlight Movies Night. The set up is perfect utilizing the nature amphitheatre like landscape at the back of the Centre. Watching a movie under the stars on a hot summer night is such a treat!"
"This studio is NOT with the Passport to Prana promotion.

Another Bikram studio that doing the 26 poses in extreme heat! 

I have been in a couple of classes that were so hot.. I felt dizzy and have to lay down! After the class, I went and check on the thermometer on the wall, and the room was heated to around 43C!!
One class in fact the instructor ended up sitting on the floor and just talked us through the poses and kept saying ""It is so hot!"" Thanks for sharing that with us...

Nasty Nasty!!
The smell of sweat can be so nasty!! I can smell it when I enter the building! 
The studio uses grey commerical carpet and you wondering how often they steam clean them??!! 

I just could not bring myself to come to do my practising here again! Though I have few more classes left in my package...

Parking here can be a problem during weekdays 9 AM - 4 PM since the parking lot is shared with other tenants in the office. If so, you can park at Bayview Village and walk over, it will save you a lot of agony!"
"3.5 Star

Duke's Refresher+Bar is for sure a good addition in the neighbourhood. The beer menu reminds me of Loose Moose and after confirming with the friendly bartender and in fact they are closely related.

40 taps though impressive but almost half of them are from the ""Big"" beer company: Coors Light, Molson Canadian, Bud Light, Labatt but I am glad that they have SawCity, Kensington, Great Lakes(though not available during my recent visit), Lake of Bays and even Silversmith! That's quite impressive! (at least much better than what I have up in Markham..)

I also love the idea of sample sizes for every single draft on tap at a reasonable price of $1.29 or so! (+0.5)

The vibe here is quite laid back and if you are into friendly waitress in short tight skirts, definitely your place.  

I would definitely be back when I am in the area for a sample or 2. 

Tip: A little hard to spot as it is really facing Gerrard just West of Yonge instead on Yonge street."
"** This review was posted on Dec 13/2011 and Yelp just grouped this into Mon Kong Chinese Restaurant in the same plaza with similar English name**

Another new Cantonese Chinese Restaurant!

This used to be Best Cook Restaurant, and now Mongkok Chinese Cuisine with new signal, new paint and new carpeting! 

Near empty restaurant, I have to drag my dinner mate's and push him into the restaurant if not I know he is going to pop in Keung's  Restaurant next door. 

The menu here at Mongkok is really simple. Selections of Cantonese dishes, seafood specialities and some Szeuchuan  dishes.

Salty Baked Chicken ($10.99)
- Free ranch chicken resulted in really lean meat.  A healthy choice but is on the dry side 
- chicken was well flavoured 

Mushroom with Vegetables ($8.50)
- Big huge mushrooms!  Huge portions and great value 

Free Chinese soup and dessert to round up our meal! 

Waiter was friendly but still need training. 

BYOB with no corkage fees,  10%off Grand Opening Specials..... I will be back!"
"Pho Saigon Restaurant is ok as a Pho Joint! But I don't think I would have go out of the way to have a bowl of Pho here.

I was here for lunch on a weekday afternoon. This restaurant was quite busy. Most of the patrons were not Asians.. haha... I did stood out like a sore thumb! 

I decided on a medium Pho with rare beef. It arrived quickly but I was not offered any bean sprouts. My pho just got dumped on my table and I have to wave another waiter down in order to get my bean sprout/basil/chili pepper. BTW I don't think any of the other tables was offered fresh chili, he has to go inside the kitchen to look for it!

The broth is nice and flavoured with a lot of depth. The rare beef were a little cooked... but still ok. But here the medium is like a size of small compare to Vietnam Noodle Star.. and that is quite pricey for $7. The noodle is also a dried type.

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"Nonna's Oven is the usual pizza or sandwich joint in the area... Though it is set up like a takeout joint but it is a lot classy and food is a lot better. 

Warm and Smiley face welcomed me and I decided to eat in since it was nicely air conditioned on this sunny summer afternoon. 

Prosciutto Sorpresa - Sliced Prosciutto Crudo, Mixed Field Green and Bocconcini Cheese on Foccaccia ($6.95) 

- The nice cashier served me my sandwich with Real Cutlery and Real Plate!! I know.. I am so easily impressed! 
- The Foccaccia flat bread was tossed and baked right in front of me in the stone oven after I placed my order! 
- Prosciutto so soft and tender complimented with shaved fresh cheese and lightly flavoured with balsamic vinegar.. 

Portion wise, it just perfect for lunch.. a perfect light lunch for this hot summer afternoon!"
"****CLOSED****

Good Tasty Dim Sum!!

But beware, please come before 11 or after 2pm for the special ($2.20 for any size) if not you will be so shocked at your bill during the regular lunch hour (my friend once went that for regular price for 3 dim sum order for 2 people costing her $19!)

Great selections of dim sum, you can order by checking off what you want and they will make that for you. Some of the items that are not on the list, they will be pushing the carts around.

Sometimes they do mixed up the bills, please check it properly! There are additional charges for table cloth! and of course tea is charged by the person.

I usually just order the dim sum for take out!"
"I think my friend is starting to love the Cafe Latte in Montreal... no for the coffee itself but for that rich milk froth...While we were walking around Marche Jean Talon, all she kept wanting was a coffee... that's how we ended up at Cafe In.

This place is crowded with table set so close together, I can barely move around with my winter jacket on... or maybe I ate too much bagels while I was in Montreal??

Service is quick and efficient... with this single barista running the place. 

I just sipped on my black coffee while my friend when hmmm and ahhhhh with her frothy cafe latte... I really want to tell her how fattening that is......"
"$3.99 all day specials.. no judgement please.

Every time when I have to order from Asian Kitchen, I feel overwhelmed! Too many choices?? Maybe I should just go down their $3.99 specials and try out every single item for the next 22 days... then I don't have to think what I should have for lunch?

Beef Brisket Vermicelli in Soup ($3.99) with Soy Bean Drink or Soup of the Day, at the price I am not complaining. Tons of vegetables on the side. Portion may be a little small for some, but great as a light lunch or snacks.

If you really want to be full, then try one of the rice dishes... or they have $4.75 or $5.99 specials too!"
"I have watched some Muay Thai fight in Chiang Mai. It was fun and I love the energy of the fighters and the audiences. It was a session which involved people with different age, gender and physical level.

And after I came back to Canada, I always interested in joining some classes to learn the moves and concept of how to do utilize my body in a more efficient way. Thanks Kru Nick from Brampton Muay Thai  for giving me a little taste of Muay Thai training.

Here at Brampton Muay Thai, you can comehere for a trial week and see what this all about. The warm up and physical cardio training can be challenging but do what you physically capable and you will be fine. When you build enough strength and endurance than you ready for the actual combat and defense part. 

I would definitely suggest anyone interest in training to have a fit body and a sharp mind to come give Muay Thai a try and if you are in Brampton and area, this is the place to start."
"Thobors Boulangerie Patisserie Cafe is a place that I fell in love with right when I step inside its door... 

All these French pastries, bread, cakes all display in front of me and oh that aroma of rich and buttery baked goods! Not only they smell good, they all so pleasing to my eyes too... 

This Cafe has such a good positive vibe on this rainy and chilly Sunday noon. Looking at all the baked goods I really don't know what to get.. Now I know the dilemma of decision and let my friend just pick something! anything! As long as that includes some macaroons.. 

Plain Croissants 
- quite buttery and flaky... a little doughy inside 
Chocolate Croissants 
- a solid stick of chocolate inside...not my fave... I like mine more spread out.. 
Beignet 
- love the sprinkled sugar on top on the fried doughnut.. hey I would not have got it myself to eat without feeling guilty.. but since someone else got it.. I am always nice to help finishing it! 
Macaroons 
- love the mini size! good for gifting or having a taste of the basic flavour without going into a sugar coma! 

Thobors Boulangerie though is a little pricier than other bakeries but I just love their vibes and energy... and it is OK to splurge once in awhile... Here I get a little taste of Paris without flying there.....Mmmmmm"
"When I stepped in this Dark Horse Espresso, I felt like I just transfer to somewhere else.... I did walk pass numerous Chinese/Vietnamese restaurants, supermarkets.. and elbowed myself through crowds of Chinese shoppers on the Spadina..and Dark Horse Espresso's vibes totally calm me down.............. 

Mind you, if you are in a hurry...and just want something fast, go to Starbucks down the street.. Here the barista really really take his/her time... and you have no choice but to chill... 

Watching him making my cappuccino and pouring the foam milk to make the lovely latte art... was such an enjoyment in itself! 

Seating can be a little tight... I end up sharing the communal tables with others and overlooking the big windows out on to Spadina... a little piece of paradise which I cherish!"
"Can I have a glass of water? 

Maybe it was too much to ask... After the second reminder the waitress snapped and said she is just too busy for that, and would try when she is less busy. And off she went to socialized with a table of bloggers and totally forgot after that... 

Maybe? Just maybe my request was not appropriate? 

Set Dinner from 6pm-8pm for $8.99 that includes a choice of one of their 6 bamboo rice pot selections, a choice of drink and dessert of the day. 

Steamed Pork Patty with Squid and Mushroom was quite good in taste and portion. 

Iced Lemon Tea is strong and refreshing. 

Watermelon with herbal Jello combines my 2 favorite things. Healthy and refreshing.! 

There are other interesting dessert items I would love to try! Mango Fever ($6.99) looks great in the photo. 

Finally after I finished my rice, the waitress said she still remembered that I want a glass of water, and would certainly get it for me when she is not busy.... Why she just get that for me instead?!I told her I don't need it anymore, I finished eating already.. I just need water to clear my palate so I can taste my food better..

PS the bloggers got their water after 1 request.... And I guess she had no idea I am reviewing them too"
"Everything looks exotic to me at Arz Bakery Ltd. 

Don't be fool by the name ""Bakery"", it is really a Supermarket that sells everything!! So if you want to cook up a Lebanese-Middle Eastern meals.. this is the to go to place to get all your supplies!

Arz Bakery Ltd as a Bakery really shine with proud display of honey infused goods and desserts... just looking at them give me Sugar High! 

There is also a coffee bar set up with Hor'devours at the back of the store. A lot of older looking gentlemen hanging out there drinking arabic coffee! 

Parking is an issue here in the small, tight parking lot!"
"The only thing I got from Resto Boemo is their Gnoochi.

Gnoochi so good, soft as a fluffy pillow! The mushroom truffle cream here is one of the best I had! Creamy and Rich!

I always opt for the half portion ($17.95) as it can be quite filling. And maybe one day I will get the truffle shaving on top!"
"Dining with a view of the golf course!

Silo Grill exceeds my expectation. Located right inside Angus Glen Golf Club is a great restaurant to have breakfast/brunch and even a drink! 

The menu though simple but priced reasonably. You have a choice of something light or go all the way. Either way, you won't be disappointed.

Service was excellent as our waitress kept my coffee topped up all the time!"
"Stefanie's Village may not be Yummy Market http://www.yelp.ca/biz/yummy-market-north-york but if you are in the Richmond Hill area and looking for some Russian grocery, this is the place to go!!

The selections are plentiful and everything looks organized and clean.

Parking lot never really get busy as there are not much at this strip mall."
"Talking about Hidden... Everyone talks about Cafe Princess being the ultimate place to bring your princess there and no one knows about Orange Caramel Tea Cafe. 

As the name implies Orange Caramel Tea Cafe specializes in Tea... especially loose leaf tea from $3.65. The menu is divided by the different type of tea: Black, Green, Oolong, Dessert, Herbal... And there are tea lattes available too : Sweet Potato latte or something more normal Green Tea Latte.

I love the sofas... the armchairs... and this place is quiet... maybe because it is around 3:30 on a weekday afternoon? But it is a perfect time for tea!!

Pinhead Gunpowder ($3.75) is served in a tray with a tea infusion and a set of 3 timers so one can adjust to how exactly you like your tea to be.

I can stay here for a long time.... just sipping my tea.... and using their Wifi!

BTW, this little cafe does have that ""love"" and ""tacky"" vibe...  When I saw "" I want to say I love you for eternity"" on the wall right behind me!"
"The Owl of Minerva is really popping up everywhere! I have been to most of the time and this Scarborough location is definitely one of the better ones!!

Food I found all of them are quite similar in quality, with an identical menu and same pricing. The reason this Owl stands out to be the best because of the super friendly waitresses. 

My Kimchi JJigae (8.99) which I request extra spicy came out boiling hot! Plenty of fatty pork inside and with tofu, glass noodles and of course kimchi!!

Now they have a Grand Opening Special till end of August $5.99 for Pork Bone Soup. Definitely take advantage of this special if you are in the area."
"Bayview Kitchen is a good choice if you want something cheap, quick and fast. 

Afternoon tea from 2pm to 5 pm..great for late lunches! My $4.25 Beef Brisket/Wonton Noodles with tea was perfect! 

Quick, fast and friendly services! 

Closed on Tuesdays!"
"Haru Japanese Restaurant located right across from World Bowl where Cafe 28 used to be.

The set up is similar as before with a little bit of facelift which is much needed as the old deco was quite dated and depressing.

I could not review them based on their lunch special as it is only offered till 2:30 pm Monday to Friday. I got here at 2:45 and had to order from the regular menu.

Sushi & Roll Combo ($14.95) 
- good balance between portion of rice and fish and they all bite size
- shari rice cooked well with nice bite
- fish selection though boring with 3 of them being Salmon, tuna was not of the freshest kind

Portion though small but really nice for the chef to comp me a Salmon hand roll which was the best part of the meal. The seaweed was oh so crunchy!

Service though was really green. My waiter is like a high school kid trying to be professional. I wouldn't say is bad but he kind of freak out when I asked for the lunch menu after my sushi, kept telling me I could not order from it! I reassured him that all I want was just check it out...

There are also some Korean items in the menu if you do prefer that.

I will be back for lunch special to try out their Korean offerings soon."
"This review is based on lunch experience at Kabuki Sushi Lounge. I rated this based on comparable lunch experience and price point for other Japanese restaurant's lunch offerings.

I like the decor of Kabuki as a lounge. I can imagine myself having a drink and munch on some Japanese tapas dish or sushi?! Oyster specials?! That sure sounded good! And opens late so I can pop by after movie at VIP theater in the same shopping area.

Lunch Chirashi ($16) was so so though. Fish is not the freshest and still ok. Nothing I would rush back or recommend that to my friends as a must try.

+5 star for having bottles from Collective Arts Brewing available and the drink menu is interesting.

Service was attentive. 

Not a bad choice for lunch if you are shopping at The Shops at Don Mills."
"Newly built Starbucks that are in Suburban are so awesome.... 

Numerous electric outlets all around the place and as I got myself settled in one of the bistro like round tables right next to my own outlets!!!

So quiet... Super fast Wifi Connections... 

I was able to upload all my photos on Yelp and write some reviews too!!"
"Free Beer Tasting....

We dropped by Amsterdam Brewery on a Sunny Good Friday afternoon for some free tasting. The bartender that served us was friendly, knowledgeable and generous.

Natural Blonde
416 Wheat
Big Wheel
Raspberry Wheat
Spring Bock
Market Pale Ale
Boneshaker IPA

And after that we were offered more samples of our favourite beers just to make sure we like those.

Free Beer Tasting....

Just make sure you get a ride or take public transit....

Opens even on public holidays now I have no excuse of running out of beers!!"
"I don't eat Greek food that often... as not often as this is the 2nd time in my lifetime. The first time I have Greek food, I never enjoyed it.. I think it is at one of those Mr. Greek place. But thanks for fellow yelpers highly recommended Messini Authentic Gyros.. I now starting to have cravings for  tzatziki!!! 

We arrived at around 4 pm on a weekday afternoon! Gee this place is packed!! Almost all the tables were occupied. I enjoy busy restaurants since it is a sign of good food and the atmosphere.

My friend ordered the grilled pork dinner  and I ordered the chicken Souvlaki pita. 

The dinner came with a generous serving of Greek salad and bread with olive paste. I am not a cheese person but I love the feta cheese that was inside the salad. The bread is nice and warm and have good texture.. (my carb craving was satisfied!!) The pork though, we found that a little dried... but still tasty!

When I ordered my gyros, I was informed the wait wil be 20 min! And I have to tell you that my gyros really worth my wait. The pita bread ah ah ah...carbs! It was stuffed with tzatziki ozzing out with every bite! This is such a good take out items to enjoy in the park on a nice summer day! And you can always feed the birds with your french fries!

The domestic beer are selling for $3.95 that is quite reasonable and will be great to wash down with the gyros!!

The services was quick and efficent. as Jenny T mentioned, they got their job done;

The food is great and the price is reasonable, this is always a winning combination!

They accepts all credit cards."
"I have been hearing all these negative comments from my friends about Ajisen Ramen! About the noodles not good, soup loaded with MSG, small portion, high prices...

I have to say I am pleasantly surprised with my lunch experience here!

Yes the place can be pack during lunch time... I arrived around 11:45 so I got a table with no problem.

I really love their menu... all the photos with all the different choices of soup based... I feel like ordering everything!

The lunch special combo is good value for that extra $1 for an little apetitizer. I pick the crab and roe salad. BTW for the Cali Roll is extra $1.50.

For the noodle.. of course the Ajisen Spicy Pork Noodle ($7.50) level 150. I was tempted to try the 200... But I have to tell you 150 is pretty good... yes after 4 hours eating that bowl of noodles.. I can still feel there is this fire in my tummy....(is it a heart burn??)

The soup based is really flavoured and the noodle not soggy and have a good texture... The pork is really tender and tasty... but there is only 2 little piece.. haha.. it must be good if I complain that there is too little??

The crab and roe salad is really enjoyable... just love how those roe crunching in my mouth... crunch crunch crunch...

Service is fast and indifference... But it is ok.. typical Chinese service.

I will definitely be back again to satisfy my spicy ramen craving..!

They accepts Mastercard and Interac!"
"Hong Kong Style Tea & Fast Food now officially becomes a regular takeout place for some solid eat.

I dare to say their Stir Fried Beef Rice Noodle ($6) is one of the best I had. Even better than those $18 ones served in higher end Chinese restaurant. So well prepared and full of wok hay. 

Service always fast and friendly. 

Everything Tax in.

And if you want extra bowls to share, they have reusable plastic bowl available with no cost.

All meals includes a hot drink and upgrade to a cold one cost 75 cents."
"I had a choice.. either wait for my friend at Kipling Station Passenger Pick Up during rush hour or chill in Starbucks and enjoying a cup of coffee?

This location is really convenient and have ample of parking too! Even a Drive Thru?!

Patio is nice and spacious but I doubt I would want to hang out there since the traffic on Dundas is crazily busy.

I got a little confused as there is also another Starbucks just down the street/?"
"Best BBQ in GTA?? 

Adamson Barbecue maybe just the special one and my search is over! Just be warned that the line is crazy on Saturdays! BBQ's lovers lined up even before the store is open. I suggest visiting on a weekday early, usually there is no lines. It opens until they sold out and this is usually before 2 pm.

I would suggest ordering just the meat by the pounds instead of as a meal combo. The sides are not amazing, I would just want to eat more MEAT! Love the dry rub on the ribs! So tender and the meat just fell off the bone. The beef brisket too was smokey and tender.

If you want to skip the crazy line, especially for Saturday, pre order a $100 platter for pick up 4 days in advance. You can order a combination of meat option and there is a special pick up line for that.

No more lining up at Rib Fests as I can now get some great meat all through the year!"
"Buddy HK cafe in one of the more sketchy plaza in Scarborough and has quite a mixed menu.

There is the usual Hong Kong Cafe favoirite includes Hot Sizzling Steak/Mixed Meat combo, One Dish Meal, Curry Dishes, Congee and more. Surprisingly there is some Szechuan items too.

Good pricing and big portion and decent food. Buddy HK might have the wining combination to be sucessful in Scarborough!

All lunch special comes with complimentary soup and drink..even my $4.99 item, the cheapest in the menu.

Beef and Fish Balls Noodle ($4.99) and American Angus Sirlion Steak with Gravy ($8.99) were both well prepared with good ingredients and care. I came with zero expectation and everything were way above what I expected. 

For the Steak entree, we requested to have vegetables instead of rice and with no extra charge we ended up with this huge plate of carrot and broccoli! The steak was cooked medium rare and not chewy or tough at all!

Even the HK Milk Tea was smooth and silky!! 

Bonus: Waitstaff is so polite and friendly... really? Greeting me with a smile and kept saying Thanks?!"
"Table for one, Please.... yes just me... Are you open or not?!

Lychee Bay Cuisine is really a Cantonese restaurant that specialized mainly in stir fried.

Lunch Specials has dishes that discounted $2 or so mainly noodles and fried rice dishes. I want to have some of the soup noodle dish, but they were out of rice noodles!

Seems like the 2 tables that were in the restaurants were the owner/cook's friends.. so they really have fun talking really loud and swearing at the same time.... how more authentic Chinese can that be?

Stir Fried Beef Noodle ($5.99) was quite good, a little on the oily side. But it is suppose to be oily.... I ended up packing half of it for lunch tomorrow.

I am not sure if I will be back for lunch... But they are opens till 3 AM on weekends... I might be back for late night after drinking snacks!"
"Short & Sweet Cupcakes is a cute bakery store... If you like pink, you would have fit right in... pink chairs, pale pink walls.... and of course some cute pink cupcakes too!

I love how all the cupcakes were displayed on the shelf... with all the descriptions... no guessing, no need to ask them to describe every single one!

Free mini cupcake samples was also offered!! I tried out the red velvet and vanilla cream, both deliciously good... in fact better than the one I got!!

Carrot Cakecup ($2.95) was cute. The little carrot decoration on top is just adorable. But the icing was a bit on the sweet side, the cake itself was quite moist though!"
"15+ drafts which is decent compare to any of the pubs I been too! 

Samuel Adams Oktoberfest on Draft!! How awesome it is! 

Quiet and nice, with tv all over the place so you can watch something no matter where you sit! 

Great place to hang with your friends..."
"Seems like I come to Made in Mexico whenever I am up in Newmarket!?! 

Dropped by on a Sunday for some dessert and drinks in between half time during Super Bowl. 1 hour before closing and I can just walk in without any reservation.

We shared Chocoflan ($4.95) and of course Churros ($4.95)!

We drank Cafe De Olla ($2.50) and Tequila Cazadore Anejo ($7.95)

The food and the drinks were as good as I remembered. And of course the service is always top notch! 

I love Made in Mexico!"
"I have no complains about the food at all at this Montana's Cookhouse location. 

But they are really seriously under staff!! When you see the bartender is also the hostess is also the waiter, you know you have a problem!!

My Bartender/Waiter/Hostess though is friendly, good spirited and efficient but he is really sketching himself thin......  talking about multi tasking!

Luckily the food came fast after we waited for a bit for our orders to be taken. 

As we hurried to pay and rushing out before a table of 10 wanting individual bills."
"I have to agreed with the previous reviews.

We went to Little Bangkok based on the review on Yelp as I am looking for a place that near my house.

We went on a Sunday evening at 8 pm, the place was quiet with only 1 table occupied and my hubby was a little worry.

We order the usual Thai dishes we like Papaya Salad, Pad Thai and Pineapple Curry Chicken and a order of brown rice to go with it.

The Papaya sald is nice and refreshing..(though no fresh red pepper inside) not spicy at all..

The Pad Thai is great. My Hubby really enjoyed that. The noodles nice and hot with tons of chicken breast and shrimps.

The Pineapple Chicken Curry, in the menu, they described as FRESH pineapple, though the dish is great, I am not sure if they are Fresh....But the red curry sauce is great goes well with the brown rice.

We will definitely come again, to try out other different dishes in the future. Thanks Yelp reviewers help us to discover this restaurant."
"1.5 

Gold Mark Chinese Cuisine is the newest ""high"" end Cantonese Restaurant that opened in Markham.

Nicely decorated space well suit for functions and banquets. This place seems to have a lot of potential. 

Dim Sum Special on Weekday before 11 am  S/M/L order $2.90 XL order $3.90 seems to be a good deal as the portion here is definitely generous. Sadly most of the dim sum we ordered were a miss or a meh as most of them were so salty that I cannot even enjoy them.

魚籽燒賣皇 (L) Siu Mai
金针雲耳蒸雞翼 (L) Chicken Wings with Fungus
蜜餞紫薑走地雞 (L) Chicken with Ginger
枝竹香滑牛肉球 (S) Beef Balls with Bean Curd Skin
魚肚浸鲜竹卷 (L) Bean Curd with Fish Maw
鲜蝦豆苗腸 (L) Shrimp & Snow Pea Steamed Roll

Service is a little bit rough compare to other same price point level restaurants I have been too.

I doubt I would be back as there are so many other dim sum restaurants in the area."
"Boreal Gelato Company's Lemon Olive Oil Sorbet is quite interesting... Refreshing and light for Summer evening, especially when I just want something light before my meal at Grand Electric...

The interior has this cozy and homey feel...love the sofa... 

Ask for password if you want to use the Wifi."
"Passport Canada Service Location is always the place I would go to have my passport renewed.

Right by Scarborough Town Centre and Scarborough LRT station so you can either take public transit or park at Scarborough Town Centre during mall hours...

Usually I can get in and out in less than 1 hour. Quite acceptable though could be faster or could be worse?

I like the new system how they double check making sure you have the right documents.

Could be better? Yes! Always room for improvement...... But is the Government... sometimes we just live with it!"
"2.5 Star

Beef Noodle Restaurant still offers great value but sadly still lack the quality.

Chicken with Cold Noodles in Hot and Sesame Sauce ($5.95) was served in this huge bowl that enough to feed 2 of me. 

The chicken and noodle is quite standard. Nothing I cannot make myself. The sauce though was the weakest part as it is not hot at all. So I asked for some more hot sauce, the lady said next time would be a $1.50 surcharge for that and I should not have ordered this dish if I want spicy!

Even with the extra hot sauce, the dish still lack the kick. 

Now it might be another few years I would come back to eat at Beef Noodle Restaurant....."
"I am excited to see Magic Noodle is doing its magic up at Richmond Hill.

This new location is much better the one ar Scarborough. The interior is a lot more spacious, hence more seating and love the bar seating against the wall. As a frequent solo diner, the wait would be significantly shorter.

For this location, there are wait staff that can speak Cantonese or Mandarin and English. Some are even speaks all 3. Communication is not going to be an issue. The colorful menu with nice photos makes ordering super simple.

My Langchou Beef Noodle 蘭州牛肉面 ($6.95) with the choice of noodle (三梭) was really well made. The soup is hot with nice herbal aroma. The star of course is the Magic noodle: cooked perfectly with great texture and bite but not doughy at all.

Hopefully this Magic Noodle would opens 24/7 like its Scarborough location. But for now the hours is 11 am -11 pm."
"How can I resist pastries that are hot and right out of the oven freshness! When the 2 nice ladies inside Fragrant Bakery show me all the just came out of the oven goodies!! 

- Egg tarts (80 cents) that are still warm to touch and you can see the custard still juggling around 
- Winter Melon Cake ($1)that is only nice and warm... when you bite into it.. the outer shell just crumbled in your mouth while the inside still warm and chewy 
- Cute little mini BBQ pork puffs and curry beef puffs (2 for $1).. that are so light and flaky... 

And thanks the friendly ladies for reminding me to get at least 6 items so no HST... so I cannot just buy one! I need to beat the tax system."
"Rogers Centre not only the landmark of the Toronto's Waterfront, it also has really sentimental value to me personally.

My first Blue Jays game, and numerous games after that..

First time to catch a foul ball... yet to catch another one!

First time to bring my dog to attend a baseball game!

Aside from baseball, I been to numerous concerts at Rogers Centre over the years.

I know I will be back again for other events for many years to come!"
"A great place for lunch!

The set lunch that comes with a choice of tea/coffee is starting for $4.99.

The portion is a little small than the other places but it is a little cheaper too.

I like to order the rice in bamboo basket for $5.99. The portion is bigger and has different varieties to choose from seafood, meat, beef, vegetables...

The HK Style Milk tea does not taste good though.. so don't bother to order that, just stick with coffee or tea with lemon.

The service can be slow during lunch hour because only 1 waitress working and she has to take orders, clean tables, delivery food and even make the drinks!

You can ask them to hold the MSG! 

CASH only!"
"If you are into local craft beers, this annual event is not to be missed!

The most laid back beer event I have been to. 

$10/$15 entry fees with a portion goes towards Toronto Railway Heritage Museum get you a souvenir tasting glass that is good for 2 days. Samples are for $1 or $2 which is really reasonable.

Most of OCBs are there and varieties of beers are great with seasonal that are perfect for this nice sunny afternoon.

There are also a couple of food trucks that serves made to order wood burning pizza, poutine, pulled pork. I love the Nutella bomb from Food Dudes! 

There is even a water station for you to rinse your glass and your taste buds in between sampling.

laying on the grass sipping beers with good friends... Life is good!

This year is the second year of this craft beer fest and the first time I attended. I definitely will be back again in future years!"
"Ryukyu Shinmen Tondou Ramen is a new ramen joint opened in Little Italy serving Okinawan Style ramen.

We walked by on a Saturday around 8 pm and it was not too busy with no wait and empty tables. We ordered a Mini size each to try.  

Spicy Tonkotsu ($9) and Spicy Miso ($10): Perfect size as a snack or even lunch as the broth is rich and heavy. The noodle cooked to a nice texture. 

I usually try to drink the broth when eating a good bowl of ramen as the star is usually the broth which takes hours to simmer. Sadly the broth here is just too salty and heavy for my preference. 

Service though friendly but the kitchen just too slow. We waited 20 minute+ for our ramen and it took 3 reminders to the servers about the beer we ordered. I really can't imagine how it would be if the place is pack.

Ryukyu Shinmen Tondou does have this lay back Okinawina vibe and have potential as a friendly neighbourhood ramen joint. Since it is quite new, I would not write it off."
"The frozen yogurt is great especially when you having it with a friend!

Would not comment on the services since the 2 girls are kind of indifference.. no welcome, no thank you...no smile...

The yogurt toppings selections is great! I have the blueberry and mango and the fruits are both fresh.

You sure that it is really LOW FAT?? Or it is a trick?? This tastes so rich and yummy!"
"Sometimes I go to coffee shop just to chill and enjoy a cup of coffee... 

Broadview Espresso will be perfect as you won't see an ocean of laptop or people stays here for hours just watching youtube. 

Nice, quiet and cozy... Love the west facing windows on a late sunny afternoon....

Americano ($2.50) has this nutty taste and great aroma...

Now I am all caffeinated and ready for my spin class!!"
"It finally feels a lot like Christmas after I visited Toronto Christmas Market down at the Distrillery District!!

Love how the Distrillery District changed to a little European Christmas Market for 2 weeks. 

The vendors though not too exciting selling the X'mas normal crafts, ornaments and things that friends doesn't really need! :P

Ferries Wheels, Carolers, oh that HUGE X'mas tree with ornaments as big as my head, gingerbread house that made of real gingerbread....

BTW, try to avoid going on the weekend! Everywhere is like a zoo........ but everyone are in good holiday spirit too! Bundle up! It can get mighty windy and chilly.... 

Visiting Toronto Christmas Market makes me humming Christmas Carols the whole day!"
"I think my dog will think he is in heaven if I take him to Bark & Fitz..

The baked goods here looks so so good! Something I would eat myself, yes I tried some doggie biscuits before.

I love those halloween cookies. So cute and well designed.

Please don't leave these cookies around the house and you never know your family members would eat that as a snack."
"This review is for the lunch that Saigon Star served. Lunch Specials! YAY!!! So no fancy dishes  like Curry crab or Lamb chops!

They have lunch specials startring for $6.50 that includes various soup noodles, stired fried noodles, curry (chicken,beef,veg), rice dishes and viet/malaysia/thai combo.

Since there are 3 of us we decided on ordering 2 set lunches to share between us. The Thai Combo ($7.99) comes with 2 small Thai spring rolls, pad thai noodle, 2 satay chicken skewers w/peanut sauce and coffee/tea. The Mango Chicken Rice lunch set ($6.99) comes with 1 vietnamese spring roll, soup and coffee/tea.

All the food tasted pretty good. Both the Thai/Vietnamese spring rolls are with vegetarian fillings (it was a pleasant surprise because one of my friends is vegetarian) and the pad thai though a little bit bland but still taste ok.

The chicken satay is really tender and taste good with the peanut sauce. The Mango Chicken sauce is a little heavy and salty but taste pretty good with the rice.

The service is fast and efficient. The staffs can be quite indifference but at least they got their job done.

I have to say Saigon Star lunches are quite good value!
 
They accepts all credit cards!

I will be back to have one of their Pho noodles next week! :)"
"3 Star + 0.5 Star for serving my noodle in a real bowl!

Hong Kong Style Tea & Fast Food serves HK style tea and fast food and more.

Inside Chartwell Shopping Centre, one of the most competitive food court in the area where every single stall offers tax includes deal.

Afternoon Tea Special from 2pm-5pm starts at $2.75 tax in. Pretty good value if you just want a light snack or for a late lunch.

Beef Brisket Rice Noodle Soup ($5 tax in) with a Hong Kong Milk Tea was A-OK. Love how it was served in a huge big bowl not one of those shallow Styrofoam bowl which is no no for hot noodle soup! The portion is huge. Beef was a little fatty but really tender. 

Milk Tea was smooth and served hot! The way I like it!

I will be back!"
"I love Chococrepes!

Nice cute decoration!

Nice cute Wait staffs!

Nice cute crepes!

Just love everything at Chococrepes....

The only complain maybe the size of that crepe, since I have no one to share, I ended up stuffing my face with that.. and I ended up having carbs overdose!

I love Chococrepes!"
"I have been seeing Dr. Alvina Lo for the pass 8 years or so and always have a good experience. 

She used to be in Scarborough Town Centre and it was a nightmare finding parking there. Since she moved to Midland location and having her own office, the experience is 100% better.

She is always patience and thorough with my routine eye examinations. All my questions and concerns always be addressed. 

Recently even refer me to see a specialist right in the same North Scarborough area, which is super convenience for me."
"Richmond Hill Town Hall is where the Mayor and the Councillor held their meetings and have their offices.

This is also where various Richmond Hill's departments have their offices: Community Services, Corporate & Financial Services, Environment & Infrastructure Services, Chief Administrative Office and Planning & Regulatory Services.

I am surprised how quiet outside the Mayor and Councillor officers, since I walk by almost every week.

Free underground parking if needed, the parking right outside the building has time limits and the security really give out tickets to violators!!"
"3.5

Pine House Cafe though new but can be one of the better Hong Kong Style Cafe in the area. 

Nice and clean decor. Friendly staff. Opens at 7:30 am daily for breakfast! 

Afternoon Tea Set with good variety of choices and priced reasonably. My Stir Fried Beef Noodle ($6.50) was prepared perfectly, full of wok hay. I like how the bean sprouts still tasted crisp. The portion is huge for an afternoon snack! I ended up packing half of them to go.

Menu looks promising, will be back to try out other items.

Cash Only."
"This is not my usual theatre but it was an enjoyable experience.

I came for a free screening so did not get a chance to try out their VIP option. I personally think VIP is the way to go whenever I go out for a movie night aside from IMAX.

Located right at Eglinton Subway Station so is easily accessible if you are taking TTC. For driver to avoid the cost of parking, you might need to park quite far away."
"3.5 Star

Wibke's Espresso Bar is conveniently located near Jane Subway Station and Moksha Yoga Bloor St West...

Nice cute cafe. When I walked in I just feel like it is just so white..... pine tables, white chairs, white walls.. Wibke reminds me of Ikea?!

The barista is so friendly and nice. Making small talks with all the customers.

I used my Indie Coffee Passport for a Cappuccino... The drink was fine....my latte art looked curiously like a cloud? or I need to use more imaginations? a flower? an atomic bomb?

Free WIFI... I having fun checking in and thinking where to go next using my Yelp App..while my Friend wondering why I made him walked all the way here!"
"MEAT! MEAT! Tons of MEAT! Great Tasting Meat!

If you have picky friends that have a certain of standard of where and what they are dining.. Sariwon certainly is the place to go.

If you have friends that want to smell like a piece of meat after having Korean BBQ, don't take them here! Since Sariwon has such awesome ventilation system.. they will be disappointed!

If you have friends who enjoys good services, book a table at Sariwon.. they would think you are awesome and you know where to go!

Back Ribs! I would have just ordered the back ribs ($24.95)... and I would be happy eating the whole thing by myself and more!! Sirloin in Sesame sauce ($25.95) was not bad either!  Pork Belly($18.95) was such a disappointment... avoid since it was just sliced pork with no marinate..

I have to confess that I would not be a vegetarian in the near future... Where is my MEAT??"
"The stuffed toys are kind of cute... I secretly got one for myself for the inner child in me.

I love the clothes, the accessories and those cute shoes!! :) 

It is for sure great fun to dress up your own stuffed animal.... your little furry friend! :)

Mine even has a pair of bunny slippers!"
"Maple Bakery must have a reason to be in business for that long .. 1983... some yelpers not even born yet!! 

The deco though is not as dated.. and interior is clean and organized. 

The bread and sweet selections all looks tempting!! And I just got to pick ONE! 

Almond and Apple Flan ($2.20)
- tons and tons of almond!! Just a touch of apple baked in the filling...
- not too sweet but so flaky!!!
- excellent as a snack and go with a cup of strong coffee

Maple Bakery is small and cozy. A place where people living around the neighbourhood can hang out, pick up decent bread and pastries... I wish my hood has one of this too... Markham Bakery, where can you?!!!"
"Lunch Specials Wokking Hot at Paul Kee Open Kitchen!

23 Selections to choose from at $4.99 each, making decisions can quite hard. Everything looks tasty!

Open kitchen means you can hear and smell and watch the cook preparing your meals. Definitely can increase your appetite, I am hungry!!

Service is really casual. The strip mall is a little sketchy. The deco dated.  Maybe that's what make Paul Kee a great neighbourhood's hole in the wall Chinese eatery!

Lunch Specials till 4 pm."
"Happy Lemon is one of the numerous Bubble Tea Shops inside Pacific Mall.

The first time I have my Happy Lemon's drink was in Queens, NY. I tried their salted cheese drink as my friend kept telling me how good it was.

I am glad they finally open in Toronto and GTA.

I love their daily specials as it is hard for me to past up a deal and an excuse to try out other drinks.

Drinks I ordered were quite consistent and won't hesitate to order again when I want something refreshing to drink."
"This is the newest location of The ""Famous"" Owl of Minerva.

Just like other Owl's locations, the menu has authentic Korean dish and entrees. Their Pork Bone Soup ($9.95) was good: a well flavored broth with 4 meaty bones. I opted for the mild version so my dinner mate that could not eat spicy can enjoy that too! 

Service here is friendly and fast.  The interior is spacious and clean.

Will definitely be back to try out other items on the menu. Lunch special till 4 pm which has some rice dish that not available during dinner hours."
"I am no Shawarma expert but I can tell how a shawarma should look and taste like with my limited experience.

Tasty Shawarma's version is just nasty. 

I think they have it all wrapped up like a taco pie on purpose so no one can see what they put inside, which is hardly anything. I know $10 for tax for 2 sounds cheap but you really get what you paid for.

I could only finished the Chicken one but just could not get myself to eat the Beef one because it was just so dry.

Skip the shawarma sandwich for sure. Maybe other options is better? But I won't be wasting my time and money to bet on that."
"Pre dinner drink at The Queen And Beaver was so enjoyable!! 

Sitting on the over sized sofa, drinking a beer and watching the Leafs sure made me feel like home! 

The lounge area is so cozy and inviting... once I sank into the cushiony sofa, I don't want to get up!! I just want to stay here and drink my beer, watch the game and ask the friendly waiter to feed me!! 

I definitely will be back again and again and again! And of course next time will be more than just drinking!"
"Nonna's is located in the plaza at Hwy 48 and 16th Avenue. This is one of the place that you cannot even see it when you drive by. Since it is hidden at the far corner!

I was not really impressed by the decoration inside. It gives me a Cafeteria feel with the simple table and chairs. It has an open kitchen counter where the waitress mix salad orders and beside is where you see how they freshly made pizza from scratch.

The menu is quite smiple with emphasis on Pizza, Pasta and Sandwiches. The prices for pasta is inline with the more classy restaurant in the area! $21.99 for a Spaghetti Di Mare! 

My dinner mate only eat Seafood pasta so we ended up ordering that and a side Caesar ($4.99) and a Veal Parmigiano with spaghetti and tomato sauce ($15.99).

The salad though fresh is quite standard and tasted ok. However for the Spaghetti Di Mare it is really good! Loaded with squid, mussels, shrimps and scallops. It is so fresh and hot and have just the perfect taste of tomato based sauce. My Veal Parmigiano comes with 2 pieces of Veal and it is not the breaded deep fried type and have tons of spaghetti!!

I have to say the meals are really enjoyable! The ingredients are fresh! and it really have the homemade feel!

I will definitely be back to try out the Wood Burning Pizza or one of their sandwiches for lunch!

The website of the Nonna's states that they use the special San Marzano DOP tomatoes and the pasta sauce are all homemade!

The service is quick and friendly and attentive!

They accepts Visa, MC and Interac.

During World Cup 2010, it opens during the early morning and afternoon according to the schedule so you can come and join your fellow soccer fans to watch the match together!"
"It is also a pleasure to visit and browse around at small independent Grocer.

Siderno aside from good choice and cut of meat, it has an interesting selection of Italian condiments: olive oil, balsamic vinegar, sauces. Cheese and cured meat.

Staffs are all cheerful and willing to help.

Clean and organize and well stocked. Definitely worth your while if you are looking for ingredients for any Italian recipes!"
"Lac Vien just kind of popped up suddenly in the middle of no where. 

Located in a plaza where Subway and McDonalds rules (the lunch choices for people working in the area) and Lac Vien is a welcome additional in this neighbourhood.

The interior is clean, spacious and open. A lot of windows seating that overlooking Markham Road that traffic zooming along way above the speed limit. Music is ""romantic"" and ""loud"" with the dial set at Sirius XM  Love.

Pho House Special Large ($7.50) is one of the better ones in Scarborough area as the broth has a nice aroma of herbs and the beef quality was good (the beef brisket was so tender even with its thicker cut!). The soup itself though can be a little hotter maybe I should request that next time?

Iced Coffee with Condensed Milk ($3.50) is made not from the traditional metal French drip filter but from a BVB coffee machine. A perfect ""dessert"" drink for me though.

Service was fast and polite! 

Lac Vien definitely a good Vietnamese restaurant if you have some cravings for Vietnamese food. They serves more than Pho! I think I will be back to try their Phnom Penh Noodles next time!"
"Victoria's Secret...ah... it is going to be every girl's little not so secret's secret? 

The staffs here are really helpful and friendly.. yes they will measure you and help you with the fitting... so you look your best... 

Tons of lingerie for specials occasions, special purposes and everyday use for every body shapes.. 

They do have specials, on this particular day is spending over $75 you get a nice pink umbrella!"
"Sushi Ichiban is a solid neighbourhood Sushi Restaurant.

The interior has been newly renovated and the menu is all the traditional items plus a good selection of  rolls. 

Lunch Special on weekday till 3 pm has various bento box if not there is some all day special at a reasonable price.

Sushi and Tempura Lunch Bento Box ($11.95) was A-OK. 

Great if you are in the area and want to have some sushi. 

Maybe dinner is much better? That will be another separate review."
"Noodle bar with over 10 different varieties of noodles.. 

I just couldn't resist! Spicy Beef Noodle ($4.99) has tons of beef and tendons with in house made Noodle cooked perfectly Al dente! 

A nice and spacious eat in area too for people to chill... 

Usual madness on Opening Day at this newly opened T&T... Come back and check it out when the hype dies down.... 

Just like any other T & T, maybe just more options in the hot food department. 

Ample underground parking with direct access without going out in the rain or the cold.... +1 star"
"In Cheon House is a small Korean Restaurant located in a strip plaza in Scarborough.. Not easy to do business here surrounded by all Chinese restaurants, serving price conscious crowds where cheap/value is the foremost criteria.

Don't look for Sushi here... since now the menu is all Korean and Chinese/Korean food. 

I was hoping they have lunch specials but no they only have a regular menu to order from. - 0.5 star

Pork Bone Soup ($6.95) was meh. The soup was served on the table bubbling hot.. But unfortunately, the bones itself was just luke warm. The soup base is not spicy enough compare to other Korean Restaurants. But the hot part is really essential. Quantities though plentiful.

The Benchan were all really not up to par. The Kimchi does not have a kick to it, the mashed potato hmmm. It is not too often I don't like any of them.

Service is cold and efficient... I able to get in and out of the restaurant in 20 min.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"2.5 star

The newest Hot Yoga Wellness' location on Woodbine Ave just North of Hwy 7.

The reception area is quite pleasant, decorated in dark mahogany colour. 

Facilities wise, it is quite good: 3 showers, 2 toilets, filtered water..but no lockers otherwise.

Since they are relatively new, the classes are limited but most of them are Economy ($10) and Community ($7). 

If you have a coupon/flyer, your first class may be free. They also has $5 for first class or you can use Passport to Prana.

My first class was during noon hour..and there are only 5 students in the class. The teaching was so so... hard to concentrate when the teacher kept saying ""Sorry"" so many times in class.. 

BTW, no one ask me if this is my first time... nor ask me to fill out a wavier form... nor ask me if I have any injury.... The teacher/receptionist just took my $7 and ask me for HST... not too professional.

I will be back using my Passport for another class.. and maybe I will have a better experience."
"Thai 5 Cafe is located at the food court inside the Shoppes of Parkway.

It is not easy to open up a business in this mall as it is really really quiet... 

Thai 5 Cafe does realize that so aside from Thai food, they have sandwiches, breakfast specials and even afternoon tea set. I guess diversification is the key to survival.

My boyfriend works in the area so he is a frequent  the few  business in the food courts there.  I ended up having a taste of his lunch which is always the case.

The club sandwiches he had for a few time was not really up to par. The meat in the sandwich was hard and dry. HK style milk tea was meh too.

Maybe Thai 5 Cafe should stick with just offering Thai food. 

I am eyeing the Durian Sticky Rice... but when I passed by today, they don't have that only the Mango version!"
"Kako Kebob is a take out place that specializes in Chelow Kabab, a national dish of Iran. 

Smell of grilled meat filled the plaza, but surprisingly I didn't smell like a piece of meat after I finished eating here...

Menu is simple... pick what meat you want.. but for this Sunday afternoon... Kako Kebob was out of quite a few items, we ended up having:

Joojeh (chicken) and Koobideh (minced meat) Combo ($8.99)  
- The chicken though is tender but lack of much flavour aside from the really strong citrus taste...
- Minced meat though is well seasoned and has this nice smokey bbq flavour!
- I just wish the tomato was grilled a little longer

Kako Kebob's owner is exceptional nice and friendly. I could not resist when we were ordered free food to try:

Ghormeh Sabzi over some toasted rice, one of Iranian national dish... consisting herbs, beans and meat. 

Istak Lemon and Watermelon was a great beverages to go with our meals ... which the owner again would not charge us for our drinks?!

Decent food and nice people working here... I would definitely be back again when I am in the area.... Lamb next time please!!"
"After being here for Afternoon Tea and Dinner for a few times, I have to update my review of Pine House Cafe.

The food is good in general and the service always excellent. The main problem though is the food lack consistency. It have been opened for almost 2 months and what I ordered can be a hit or miss even on the same item!

Even their Borscht soup can be rich and with chucks of vegetables and beef on a good day and a week later tasted watery and blend. Same with the sauce on their Baked Pork Chop and Rice.

I hope the kitchen can have their standard sorted out. It might be the most important factor to keep your existing customer keep returning."
"Gourmet Paradise Sichuan Style has one of the most elaborate and colourful menu I have seen in town. Just looking at the photos made me want to order everything off the menu....

The Chef used to be worked at Jin Jiang Hotel in Chengdu, a 5 star hotel. I would say the presentation here for the dishes we ordered were very good.

Don't be fooled by all these red coloured chili oil from the photos, they were in fact not as spicy as you think, at least from what I had tasted in Toronto. The spiciness here is more rounded and balanced!

We shared:

Homemade Noodle with Pork Intestine in Hot Soup ($7.99) 肥肠普盖面
- the intestine has this nice smokey flavour, nice and fatty!
- The noodle is doughy and filling, a little different from what I expect. The chef came out and explain to me that's how they do it in Chengdu

Spicy Cold Chicken ($8.99) 重慶口水鸡
- Love the cucumber that lined the bottom of the chicken, refreshing and spicy at the same time!

Gourmet Paradise is worth coming for some authentic and well prepared Sichuan and Chongqing food.

Grand Opening Special 12% off"
"I don't know about you...

But for me, this year Lowe's Toronto Christmas Market is the best.

Go during the weekend - I know there are a lot and a lot of people... 

Don't drive - take the TTC, the parking can be crazy but you can always pay $20 for valet parking

Come here on the weekend to samples all these beers, liquors, whiskey, scotch and more. I ended up sampling Tyskie, Amarula, Frangelico, Calvados, Luksusowa, Innis & Gunn, Tullamore and Irish Mist in a coffee, 12/15/18 year Glenfiddich... In a hour.... Lines for sampling definitely moving fast!

If you are not a drinker, there are also coffee and chocolate milk sample for the kids!

Matt Dusk on the stage at 7 pm to sing some Jazz and Christmas songs..

The open fire pits kept me so warm and toasty..

Avoid the food lines...that's definitely much better food somewhere else.

Free admission, free tastings, free entertainments - Happy Holidays to all!!"
"2.5 star

My first visit to Black Bear Japanese Fusion. Opened for more than 4 months, I expect a perfect lunch service and have all the kinks worked out.

Service was friendly and I was able to finish my lunch in 30 minute or so. 

Lunch menu ($9 and up) nothing really excited me or something I really said I want to order.

A04 Kinoko Spaghetti ($11) mixed mushrooms, green onion, creamy Mentsuyu sauce 
- love the different kind of mushrooms!
- pasta cooked well al dente
- the sauce though a little salty and ""watery"". I would say add a little more cream to give it more texture would have help? 
- portion size is small: I was still hungry about that (Maybe a little more pasta?)

Pricey for pasta from dried packaged pasta and mediocre sauce. I might be back again for their curry rice or burger next time, but not recommending the pasta."
"Taylor Memorial is another library that is full of Scarborough History.

It is named in memory of Florence Taylor who was born in East Scarborough 1891. Her husband has made an offer of his property to the Library Board for use a library as a memorial of his wife.

The building we seeing now is not the original as it was demolished and rebuild in 1984. If you notice the large stained glass window called Blue Bird of Happiness and the fireplace, both originally from the Massey family's home, Dentonia Park (Victoria Park-Dawes Road), are saved from the old house/library.

Aside from the history, Taylor Memorial Library is small and cozy. Nice seating area right in front of the 2 sided fireplace. I feel like I have in a skiing Lodge instead of a library."
"I found Tsukiji Sushi Village food is similar to the AYCE quality... or maybe just a little better... 

Valentine Day's Special Set Dinner for 2 ($40) 
- I really not crazy about eating Valentine's Special anything anywhere.. but on this special day you either eat at home or if you go to any restaurant aside from fast food.. they will have some specials... 
- Lobster Sashimi is quite tasty 
- That Beef Teriyaki is the thinnest slice of beef I ever seen.. and I want to laughed when thinking that the waitress how I would like them to cook.. no other way to cook when they are really paper thin! 
- Shrimp and Veggie Tempura quite sizable, the best item for the set 
- Sashimi and lobster sushi roll not bad...but forgettable 

BTW, my valentine was still hungry after our Valentine Dinner. Maybe I should just go to have AYCE then! 

Tsukiji Sushi maybe a good choice if you are in the neighbourhood.. but doesn't worth the drive all the way North."
"I think I found my favourite brunch food!! Can I have Crepes au Foie Gras ($22) every weekend? The foie gras wrapped in bacon inside my crepe and finished off with maple syrup!

Liverpool House was definitely my best dining experience during my weekend in Montreal. The service here is excellent, our waitress was so kind in going through every single item on the menu with us in English.... including how each dish is prepared and ingredients used! She did make everything sounded delicious....

We ended up ordering and sharing:

Entrees: Crepes au Foie Gras ($22) & Pieuxre Mauritius & Pakoras ($18) 
- love both dishes: both interesting as the foie gras has all the traditional element vs the pakoras is kind of a fusion dish..

Plats: Spaghetti Homard - Lobster ($49)
- A little disappointing, though the pasta was cooked well and the sauce was complimenting the seafood but the lobster has this mushy texture 

Dessert: Merveilleux Aux Marrons ($9)
- hot dark chocolate poured on top of marrons cake... crunchy and sweet Vs hot and bitter... what a happy ending! :)

I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu... In fact I have already booked a reservation at Liverpool House for my next weekend in Montreal!

And for the time being, I just dream about the foie gras............so buttery..........stuffed full of it..."
"When I saw Kennel Cafe, I was wishing it is a REAL cafe that pet owners can bring their beloved dogs/cats in for a quick snack or coffee.

But it is a pet supply store. It does carries a lot of good quality food, toys and accessories but your furry friends.. but nothing for me human to eat.

Kennel Cafe is a great neighbourhood pet supply store and you sure will find high quality products for everyday needs...

I try not to bring mine in.. as there are just too many toys inside... that will drive him crazy wanting to take them all home!"
"Joe's Hamburgers' burgers are pretty good... not the best I had but just watching my beef patty grilling in open flame... exciting!!

1/4 lb combo ($7.55) with a choice of drink. I got excited again when the nice man behind the cash said how about a beer?! Of course.. the drink is just a choice of pop..

My DC must be really hungry since he finished his 1/2 lb in lighting speed... and then start attacking all the home cut fries and onion rings....until everything is gone!! Maybe is the Cherry Cola he is drinking giving him this sugar rush....

The burger is quite enjoyable as the meat is moist and seasoned well. However, the Chicken Souvlaki with grilled marks looks a lot more tempting!! I definitely will be ordering that when I come back next time!

PS They should definitely has the staffs wiped down the table frequently... seems no one ever clean the table the whole time we are there!!"
"We were looking for some frozen dessert but sadly Menchies no longer in business at this plaza and this was how I ended up at Booster Juice.

I want something fruity and sweet and Booster Juice delivers. Mango Hurricane was iced cold and great if you love fruit! Portion was huge and it lasted me for a couple of hours! I did not add any free booster as I just want some smoothies."
"Salted Peanut Butter.. so creamy... so rich.. I think this is my favourite flavour aside from Hazelnut.

Amici Cafe & Gelato's friendly staff agreed with me on this too. 

Though during the depth of winter, the gelato Amici offers might be a little limited but quite sufficient to satisfy even picky eater like me!

The interior is bright and cheerful, feel like I am in a sun room. Nice and warm sunshine from the huge floor to ceiling windows.........

I can't wait till summer......................"
"I will definitely be a FAN of The Smokin Cigar if I do smoke cigar! 

If you do have a friend that is a cigar smoker, this is the place to go if you want to get them gifts... it carries anything that you can imagine they will ever need or want or must have!

And for our friends from the US, they have great collection of Cuban cigars... 

You can even smell the tobacco even from outside without entering the store..."
"Vince Seafood Restaurant & BBQ has one of the most value in weekday dim sum offering around on a weekday morning! Before 11 am, it is 10% off $2.28  S/M/L size and free tea.

Not surprisingly that it was packed with seniors that ordering a lot food to take out for lunch and dinner later to enjoy.

Dim Sum menu is quite interesting with a mix of classical and chiu chow style dim sum. And at this price point, my Yelp friend ordered quite a few and more from the menu.
 
Shrimp Dumpling ""Har Gow"" - A-OK
Pork Dumpling with Liver on Top ""Siu Mai"" - Meh, not crazy about overcooked liver
Pork Rib with Black Bean and Olive Sauce - good portion 
Bean Curd Skin Roll with Mix Chinese Vegetable - lacking filling
Dumpling in Lotus Leaf - love this! great contrast of taste and texture! 
Beef Tender in Spicy Sauce - Tender enough but really lacking any spice, more on the sweet side
Crystal Dumplings in Fish Papaya Soup - huge dumplings!!! shrimp has great bite!
Roast Pork Belly Roll - Not fatty enough and a little dry
Rice Roll with Whole Shrimp - shrimp quite mushy and rice roll itself a little too thin

Overall the quality and quantity are great! A little mix up here and there but service is friendly and decent.

My Yelp friend wants to try the Steamed Fish Intestine Egg Custard... I guess have to come back another time for that!"
"Patio! Patio! Patio!!

Just like the patio at Hair of The Dog! 

Having a drink here waiting for my friend to arrive is such a treat! Shady? Sunny? Rooftop? Pick whatever you like! 

Services here is top notch! Friendly staffs which made me feel comfortable and right at home.

I wish I have a patio like that at home!"
"Dollar Tree? Another ""Dollar Store"" Chain?

Dollar Tree is an American chain that sells every item for $1 or less and is a Fortune 500 company operates over 4,000 stores in US.

The stocks they carries a little bit different from Dollarama as they probably sourced their merchandise from different suppliers.. That do make browsing the store a little more interesting.

However, most of the stocks are ""MORE"" than $1... around $1.25...

Can I blame it on the exchange rate and the cost of transportation from down under?"
"Natural Life Health Market just located across from Promenade Mall. 

They carries a good selections of sundries, personal care products even organic/natural dog food. 

The store is really organized and I found the things I want... 

BTW, Natural Life carries Indiana Popcorns. I really have no idea that my favourite popcorns are health food?!"
"2.5 star

This review is based on desserts at Motimahal.. and on dessert only.. So it might sounded unfair.. as we ate at 2 Indian restaurants for the evening and this is the last one that we decide to go for dessert.

Gulab Jamun, Kalakand and Kuifi not bad..but I have better...

Specially the Kuifi.. the one at Lahore Tikka is a lot better..

Seatings definitely is special.. but one good thing is this place is not too smokey and You won't smell like food when you get home!"
"The Tampered Press gave me a feeling I am back in school and studying in a library... 

Though this place is jammed packed on a Sunday afternoon... it was so quiet... with the sunlight filtering from the front window.. overlooking the park... everyone were talking but kind of whispering. This is quite different from other coffee shops I been to.. where there are so much buzzing energy. 

Using my Indie Coffee Passport and order a Cafe Latte with Double Shot. Love the latte art here and the barista is nice and friendly... 

There are some board games that you can play with your friends if you do desire..but everyone here seems so busy studying or on their laptop typing away with the free Wifi. 

I do like that huge huge mirror at the entrance...checking myself out make sure I look proper before I off to another yelp adventure!! :)"
"$2.50 for a regular cupcake which is mini size in other places,  I can just eat it in a bite?

I have to say that Crumbs and Co definitely on the pricey side...

Chocolate Strawberry Filling cupcake was so delicious!! Moist and flavoured and regrettable small.... Great if you are on a diet.. you really need to savoy every single bite!

Staffs are nice and friendly.... and I guess I have to go back and try out other flavour!"
"Thai Fay Cuisine is a small family runned Thai restaurant in Richmond Hill.

They have specials for the whole day with combo meals that includes Mango Salad and Soup. Or 50% off appeititizers during Happy Hour!

Lunch specials are combos for $7.99. You can upgrade the Hot and Sour Soup to Tom Yum Soup for $1.00.

 I decided to have the Combo B with Green Curry Chicken and Tom Yum Soup. 

Tom Yum soup
The soup is ok.. not too spicy, not too sour. There are 2 shrimps inside. I am not sure if I will do the soup upgrade next time though. 

The Mango Salad, Spring Roll and Green Curry Chicken with Rice 
All come on 1 plate. The Mango Salad is nice and sweet with the Basil dressing. The Spring Roll.. um is ok.. but not really fresh, fills like been under the heat lamp for awhile. The Green Curry Chicken though has 3 chillis on the menu is not spicy..  I love all those veggies though (snow peas, egg plants and green beans)

I told the waitress that the Curry is not spicy at all. She said I can request extra spicy next time. Since their customers cannot handle the heat.

Service is Fast and Friendly. Though Jasmine Tea is NOT free... 

Go to their website since there are coupons that give you discounts or freebies.

They accepts Visa only."
"No More Chicken Wings and Leafs Games?

Pho and Chinese TV shows are in?

This old Puck'N Wings' location is now replaced by Big Head Prawn, a New Vietnamese restaurant!

The deco and set up is so familiar... Photos of Vietnamese food replaced those of hockey and basketball players.... The booth seats are still as tight as before, but at least I won't OD on beer and wings here and have a ""beer"" belly.

The waiter here is so eager to help and make suggestions even before I got a chance to look at the menu. The menu looks really similar to Kim Po's.

Special Pho Small ($6.50)
- Really nice fragrant soup based and have great depth
- Broth is so hot which I do prefer as the bean sprout are all cooked well after soaking in the broth
- Meat are of good cut
- Noodles though not fresh but cooked probably and have great bite

10% off for Grand Opening Specials. No lunch set but do have afternoon tea set available.

I guess I need to come back to try different items on the menu."
"3.5 Star

Sakana-Ya found a new home inside the food court of Metro Square and hopefully they won't be moving for awhile. 

This location is way better than being inside The Chef's Dept on Markham Road. Being close to Jtown has its advantage as it is much more accessible to their loyal customers!

I love how they have sample display of the different combo they offers. At first I was a little worried that my sushi/sashimi donburi were premade like Sushi Q, but that not the case. Once you placed your order and get a number, the sushi ""chef"" will be cutting and prepping your order at a little sushi bar on the right of their takeout counter.

Sashimi Donburi with 7 kind of fish and Uni ($8.88) was A-OK. Healthy, Light and Delicious! perfect as a snack! Just mix everything in with the soy sauce! Special mention is the soup: A miso based soup with fish and fresh vegetables. 

If you love fish, you will enjoy Sakana-Ya offers! 

The set up reminds me of fish market in Japan! The fish here might not be of the best quality as this price point but different a lot better than most of the AYCE Japanese-Chinese restaurants in the area."
"T.A.N.  is the first stop of our Niagara Neighbourhood crawl. First coffee of the day is always A-OK!!  Thie location little out of the way from all the hassle of the more busy shopping area east of it. 

I found the interior of TAN quiet and rustic. Love the patio at the back and some of the sofas and armchairs in the front... or if you don't want to be lounging around, you can always put your laptop and surf away in one of the cafe tables. 

The cappuccino I found is quite good. Roast is a little strong but good to really wake me up and jump started my day! The ""Heart"" shaped latte art is a nice touch.

BTW if you want to feel good about spending your money ethically, T.A.N.'s Free trade coffee may make you feel good about yourself.

Free WIFI and Indie Coffee Passport participant makes T.A.N A-OK experience!"
"I had been waiting and waiting and the wait is OVER! 

Finally Markham has a local craft brewery: Rouge River Brewing. 

For a newly opened brewery, I am just so impressed with their offerings:

- Autumn Pale Ale (6.0% abv.)
- Autumn IPA (6.8% abv.)
- New Zealand Dry Hopped Sour (5.0% abv.)
- Apricot Sour (5.0% abv.)
- New Zealand Double IPA (9.6% abv.) 
- Just One More- IPA (7.2% abv.) *New Release*

All available in 500 ml bottle to go.

And the best of all, you will be welcome with open arms if you drop by for a Free sampling! 

Beer guys are just too cool!

Winter Version will be ready soon...  

Now I have a local craft brewery!!"
"Opens 24 hours.

Tons of seating, free wifi with some electrical outlets.

Tables and chairs are not the most comfortable and the interior is in need of renovation.

There is Wendy inside if you want something else aside from Tim Hortons."
"This is one of those times I don't care how authentic these empanadas were, all I have to say is the empanadas from The Empanada Company were just so tasty!!! 

Choices if you want traditional: Chicken, Seafood, Cheese and Chilean Beef or if you want to have something with a twist: Curry Coconut Chicken, Grilled Veggie/Goat Cheese, Sweet and Spicy Beef or even Philly Cheese Steak or Pulled Pork?! 

Baked or Fried??/Dips on the Side? 

I left all these choices for my Yelp Friend while I just relaxing on the patio...daydreaming..... I want one of those houses down by Lake Ontario... 2 cute fat little empanadas just appeared in front of me! 

Sweet & Spicy Beef and Curry Coconut Chicken both really tasty!! Baked or Fried whatever but the fillings were so tasty! Freshly made and pipping hot!! especially the beef, I still could not get over that it has sugar snap peas, water chestnut, baby corn and broccoli inside!! They are just like little pocket of goodness and wholesomeness!! 

Hey!! But where is my Churros?? someone didn't get me Churros? How can that happen!! I felt so incomplete without my dessert........... now I have to come back for more!!"
"Seriously?!! Why are we going for Mexican food up at Newmarket?!

Made in Mexico definitely worth the drive all the way up (to the end of 404) for great Mexican food!

Everything I ate, drank and tasted here were excellent.

Mango Margarita ($7.95) 
- with mango puree inside, so sweet and tasty.. 
- need more tequila maybe? I can drink a few of those with no problem

Guacamole Trio ($11.95)
- Everything freshly made... well flavoured and love the chips!

Queso Fundido ($8.95)
- Hot Melt Cheese....hmmm
- quite hearty, definitely need to share with a few if you going to have main course and dessert and more margarita

Chilorio Tamal ($2.75)
- Best tamale I had, but I am not a tamale expert.. but I love that fluffy texture!

Shrimp Taco ($13.95) served with Lime & Cilantro Rice and Trijoles Charros
- Deep fried breaded shrimp tasted so fresh with good texture and sizable too!
- Even the torillia are soft and warm to touch
- went well with the homemade cole slaw and only and those extra spicy hot sauce I requested from the waiter!

Churros ($4.95)
- Made to order but definitely worth the wait!!
- crispy outside, soft inside and with such intense Cinnamon taste
- I can eat the whole thing by myself... yes 6 generous servings!

Services here is excellent! Our waiter is so energetic, accommodating and have a great sense of humour. When I was taking photos of the food, he took out his own camera and took a photo of ME!

Tips: 
- Make Reservations
- Bring an amigo or 2 or more to share! 
- Order a Bull Dog
- Ask for Mucho Salsa Picante
- Wear loose clothings (you will feel like you are pregnant after eating all the food!)
- Save room for dessert!

Made In Mexico might not serves the most authentic Mexican food compare to what they have in Mexico, but for taste/experience/value/services it is as good as it get in the area!

I can't wait to be back again!!!!!!!!!"
"C'est What is A-OK if you want to beer and talk nonsense with your friends.

Nothing fancy, nothing pretentious.. but definitely don't bring your date here, she/he would think that ""oh we are just friends, nothing more..."" 

Good draft selections and friendly bartender... even let you have a taste before serving you something that he thinks that you might not like.. I definitely would not have enjoy Big Butt Smoked Dark ale.....or any big butts!

All the drafts comes in half pint, great if you are doing a bar crawl which in my case..or you can early a couple of other beers and do it like a beer tasting."
"Sam Woo BBQ is a good place if you want a late night snack as it is open till 12 am on weekdays and 1 am on weekends.

Of course there are a lot other places that opens later, but if you are into some traditional Cantonese food: wonton noodles, BBQ and congee, Sam Woo definitely would satisfy that urge!

We shared a Congee, BBQ Duck Noodle and Veggie in Oyster Sauce as a midnight snack. Nothing to write home about but everything tasted decent. 

Right next to Foody Mart so parking here can be quite tricky during prime shopping hours... Which I definitely would avoid!"
"2.5 stars 

Kobo Gourmet is a decent Japanese owned Japanese restaurant if you are far out in the East... but definitely not comparable to some of the Japanese sushi place in Toronto. 

Most of the dishes ordered for the night is passable... not bad.. but will I order those again.. not really... and Would I ask my friends to come and try... oh not really... 

The only thing I enjoy is Kobo Omakase Sushi as I am always a sushi fan. Those sushi they serves here at Kobo are bite size which is smallish...the fish are fresh and tasty. 

I am not too crazy about the deco...as I do believe that where you eat does enhances the totally experience... and if I pay Kobo prices, I do expect some ambiance!

The services though really sweet and attentive."
"I have been wanting to try out Nana for the longest time. And when my Yelp friend suggest that to be the ""N"" for my JEN 5K food crawl, I am IN!

Making a reservation via email was A-OK. At least they takes reservation, not like Khao San Road. Our party of 10 were given only 90 minute time frame for our dining experience, which I was ok with that. But then they called me 30 minute before my reservation and left me a message telling me we only have 60 minute for our reservation?!!! because they overbooked?! 
-5 star

Luckily we have our ""family style"" menu planned ahead and known exactly what to order. (Sorry to my friends as they have to eat whatever I ordered) and with $20 pp budget tax and tips incl as a pre dinner snack. For groups 18% gratuity mandatory.

We shared:

Satay Grilled Chicken with Peanut Sauce ($11)
Fresh Roll with Pork ($8)
Vietnamese Style Spring Rolls with Pork & Crab ($9)
Southern Fried Chicken Laab ($12)
Chef Top's Pad Gra Prao Fried Rice ($16)
Pad Prik King Chicken ($15)
Pad Mama with Hot Dog ($15)
Pad Thai Bolan with Shrimps ($15+$2)
Kua Gling Pork Ribs ($16)

I like the interesting flavours and the herbs/spices they used. Love all those chili options on the table! Price wise they are definitely on the pricey side with a small portion. 

Great fun as a night out with a group of friends. Service was fast and efficient. We were able to finish our meals in a hour or so. 

Will I be back? I doubt it but at least this is a good Thai food option if ever I have craving!"
"Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup & Bibimbap

This is a newly opened Korean restaurant that must be specialized in Samgyetang and Bibimbap.

Apparently it is oversea branch from an old Korean restaurant in Seoul that has been in business for over 40 year. (I did visit the one of their location in Myeong-dong while I was in Seoul).

Menu is really simple with different kind of Samgyetang soups, Soon Tofu and Bibimbaps, a lot of 10 items or so on the menu.

Hot Stone Raw Veal Bibimbaps ($12.99) is really tasty. The hot pot definitely is really hot as it able to cook the raw meat and made my rice crispy at the bottom. Love the mushrooms. The only complain is the portion is just so small at this price point. I can eat 2 order of that as a meal.

I though will come back to give the Ginseng Chicken Soup a try! The Abalones Samgyetang and Organic Pine Mushroom Samgyetang does sounds interesting! Btw, the young chicken is locally sourced and grown Ontario chicken from Orangeville!"
"Big Boy's Burger cooks when ordered. I love the smell of meat on grill but I always ended up smell like what I were eating.

Big Boy's Burger Combo($9.95) has 1/2 lb of meat and holy moly full tray of french fries! I almost want to tell the nice guy at the counter that I cannot really eat all of those by myself... 

Come hungry! I did finish the burger which was juicy... but just lack a little seasoning. The toppings consists of the usual onion, tomato, lettuce (thinks Harvey) other toppings are 99 cents each: fried egg, sauteed mushroom, bacon. And the Fresh Cut Fries were really good!

Quite busy during lunch rush since it is located near a High School.

Big Boy's Burger serves more than burgers, so I will be back to try out other items when I have a craving for some meat!"
"I love Farmer's Market! 

Trinity Bellwoods Farmer's Market has great vendors that selling vegetables, fruits and baked goods and snacks from local businesses or from area business (St John's Bakery).

People here are all really friendly and all in great spirit and smiles...

Or even if you like me... just in the area...it is worth your while to drop in and have a taste and sense of the community!"
"One day it is Rural Restaurant http://www.yelp.ca/biz/rural-restaurant-scarborough?fsid=TUoKueIKfpmnj8QDN4z5Wg... Now it is Dickens Restaurant.

I am not really sure how this location is related to the other Dickens up at Richmond Hill... But the staffs are still the same one from Rural Restaurant... The decoration is similar, the restaurant is just half the old restaurant. Menu is different for sure, as there are less choices for Afternoon Tea at a slightly higher pricing...

Butter/Condensed Milk Toast and Coffee/Tea ($2.50) is definitely not a bad price..but only when your toast has hardly any Condensed Milk and your drink is small and taste lurk warm? 

Service is the same Hong Kong Style Cafe norm... 

I don't know... I might have to look for other options...

Though now they are opening late till 9 pm everyday and serves breakfast from 7:30 am...

Just maybe... I maybe back...."
"Thanks for Edwin A for organizing the UYE!!

It is hard to believe that I never been to Legend Chinese Restaurant until now. 

Dim Sum always fun when going with a group... I almost want to check everything off the list!

""I want to try this! I want that! You guys would love it!!"" I just want my dim sum!!

Everything we ordered taste great! Maybe because I have great companions?


All the usual dim sum were all done nicely here. I love the Baked Tapioca Pudding with Walnut the best.. since it was freshly prepared when ordered, so it took awhile to arrive...

BTW, this is the first time that I got so overloaded with Sui Mai and Deep Fried Taro!! Imagine 3 orders each for 5 people??"
"Cupcakes? Cookies? Macarons?

Or are you looking for those unique fondant cakes for special celebrations?

You can find them at Tripl3 Baked. A local neighbourhood bakery located inside the Connell Community. 

""The company started off with 3 friends discovering their hidden passion for ""CAKING"" - all things baked, creative designs for cake construction and experimenting with flavour.  It quickly spiraled into a business venture they now share as TRIPL3 BAKED.""

You can find out what the flavour of the day via their Facebook page. 

Pink Lemonade was light perfect for the hot summer day. Reeses Pieces was rich and love the chocolate cake base and peanut butter frosting!

Single for $2.75 or 1/2 Dozen for $15

Now I know where to pick up some last minute dessert before heading home!"
"I have been going to Kekou on Baldwin Street numerous times and love all the unique flavour especially Black Sesame and Durian! Probably one of the best durian gelato/ice cream I had, the flavour is so intense is like you eating the real fruit itself.

I am of course excited that Kekou opens another location. Bigger, Better and Opens Year Round! I love eating gelato year round especially unique Asian flavours; Roasted Oolong Tea! This maybe my newest favourite aside from Durian.

Soft Serve, Hot Drinks (tea and latte) and Even Creme Burlee (Durian flavour!) 

Service always warm and friendly. And you can get a sample of almost every flavour before you decide to which one or two but trust me, it is not easy."
"Love the decoration of Hotel Gelato.. so European and classy... the padded sofa seats which I ran to so fast to sit down while my lovely date got all confused with what flavour of gelato to pick!

We decided to order 2 small ($3.50) each so we have 4 flavours to really tried out. I made my decision really fast.. (pumpkin/roasted almond) and while my date still wants to order every single flavours they offers! 

The small gelato is really small... I love my choice a lot but my date just did not like hers (Butter Pecan/Hazelnut) and almost want to make me finish hers so she can order something else! :) 

Love the fresh fruit infused iced water dispenser they have, which you can help yourself with.(+0.5star) Hey this is a Hotel.. and we have certain standard. I went to places they frown on you when you ask for a glass of water... 

The server here so nice and patient with a great smile! I will definitely be back again and pretend I am in a Parisian hotel cafe......"
"Liberty Village is a really out of the way to me, but Yelp Elite Event at Bar Vespa and Indie Coffee Passport lured me into visiting Barista Espresso Bar.

Barista Espresso Bar serves not only coffee drinks, if you feel like a beer, you can get one here too! 

The set up here is really nice! The comfy couch like seating! The nice chandeliers! Oh and the Plasma TV showing the Sport Channel?! (maybe it is nice for some sport fans?)

Cappuccino though was definitely not my favourite. A little bitter than what I usually prefer but the micro foam was really nice!

Free Wifi, just ask for the password!"
"I have to admit that I don't frequent Greek food market... and based on my limited experience, Greek House Food Market is one of the best ones I been to!! 

Clean! Organized! Smell of Dairy and Cheese in the air! 

Owner is super friendly, knowledgeable and proud of his own country. 

Good selections of sundries too. Greek House Food Market carries anything and everything that you can think of if you want to try out those recipes in the your cookbook!"
"I was at The Sushi Bar eating at the sushi bar on a Saturday night sushi outing! 

The Sushi Bar is just south of Shinobu which we walked by last Sunday. It is really small, has table for around 10 customers and when I got there at around 6 pm, no tables available so I was asked to sit at the sushi bar! 

The menu is quite standard.. rolls, maki, sushi, udon... They do have another special menu that is changed seasonally...which is not published online.. But tonight I have a special special menu that is the Chef's choice. 

When a single customer seated at the sushi bar asking the Chef what's good to eat? It for sure and exciting experience for both the chef and the patron. 

Miso Soup ($2) 
- A OK with tons of tofu and wakame seaweed 

Salmon Tartar ($9) 
salmon. spicy mayo with tempera bits finished with balsamic vinaigrette .Tempura bits tasted like rice krispies.. with tons of bit and texture... not soggy at all... 

Osaka Sashimi ($17) 
- salmon, butter fish, yellowtail, tuna all nice and fresh. Tuna really good cut with melt in the mouth texture 
- Special surprise are the octopus marinated in 4 different ways.. which all has their different texture, character and taste 

Baked Seafood in Shell (Chef's special) 
- big scallops, squids, crab and various seafood mixed with a lemon seasoning with light cheese on top 
- oh so yummy!! fresh seafood and prepared by one of the waitress right in front of me 

Uni and Salmon Roe Sushi (Chef's special) 
- Both so fresh and yummy. Always good to have sushi chef makes what the freshest of the day for you! 

Red Bean/Green Tea/Black Seasame Ice Cream ($3) 
- When I was deciding which one to pick, Chef said I can try them all!! Hey he really knows what a girl think! :) 

All the staffs here are so friendly and nice! I feel like I am at a private kitchen when I can talk to the chef while I am eating! They kept checking to see how I like the food and if I finish them all. I would never let any good Japanese cooking to be wasted! 

Until next time.. and since we are now on first time bases.. I can't wait to go back and try some of his Chef's offering!! 

They accepts Mastercard and Visa!"
"$2.40 All Sizes for Early Bird Special... but you do need to submit your order in before 11:15 am to take advantage of that..

I arrived too too late... I hate paying full price... 

Century Palace Chinese Restaurant is not longer pushed cart dim sum style. You checked off what you want from the ordering sheet. However, the experience is complimented with a few ladies pushing their carts around. 

We ordered a few dim sums to share. Everything quite standard and solid. Nothing too amazing enough for me to go out of my way to come back to have dim sum again at Century Palace.

I guess I have to wake up earlier for the Early Bird Special as it is definitely a better deal than paying $4 for the Large items which I haven't have a chance to try them out!"
"The only reason I went to this Casey because I got this $15 coupon  in my mail box. Even after reading the negative reviews from our fellow yelpers, I decided to give it a try.

I went there on a Saturday early evening at 6:30 pm after shopping at Scarborough Town Centre. I felt so welcome when I told the host I need a table for one...""For 1!!??"" ""Yes, for 1."" ""There will be a wait."" hmm the place is not too busy..and I saw empty tables. Luckily there was a booth at the bar area opened up, and I got to sit there.

At least with yelper's advices I stayed away from all those fancy Asian Fusion items. I ordered Mahi Mahi with Mango Salsa/rice and a Berry Binge Smoothies. The portion was quite small for the entrees but it was perfect for me. The fish was quite tasty..not great.. but is ok. 

The restaurant did get really busy with a long wait around 7 pm. The management start passing around free finger food for the waiting customers which I think that is really nice gesture.

The services was ok, my waiter was a little busy because there were a group of 15 seating right behind us.

I don't know if I will be willing to come to eat at Casey again without any discount or coupon..."
"The people that works here for sure is friendly! :)

I do love that big menu book and seems like there are a lot of items to choose from. This is always nice as Vietnamese food is definitely more than pho and more spring rolls.

Crab with Tomato and Egg Noodle (Bún riêu cua) 
Grilled Beef in Betel Leaf and Grilled Pork (Bún Tht bò nng lá lt/Nng)

Portion size is good value for the price. Broth though was quite heavy seasoned with MSG (I was thirsty the whole evening). 

I might come back to give Pho Friendly 18 another try if I am in the area."
"Huge Patio! Huge Patio! Huge Patio!

Views of Queen Street West, CN Tower.. great for people watching or enjoying the cityscape!

Quick friendly service... Drafts for $6.47 which are reasonable for the location.... Patio on a mid summer night can be priceless?!

Me and my Yelp Drinking Buddy sipping our beers and playing with our phones/ipods..and bbming, yelping, facebooking.. Yes I know I can do that at home... but it is more fun here!! Free WIFI!

I am NOT into Pub food, so I would just come here for a pre or post dinner drinks as there are a lot of better places for food in the area!"
"Mr Fish & Chips is another proof that not Fish & Chips joints are not the same.

On Saturday I were the only 3 customers there. 

The deco here is dated and cafeteria like with those grayish tables.

Haddock with Chips ($8.35) tastes bland, dry and boring. Even drowning it with excess tartar sauce improves the experience at all. The batter was not crispy and the deep frying oil is definitely need to be change!

Mr. Fish & Chips is more like a self served food court set up... place your order and then wait for your order to be ready for pick up. The only saving grace is that at least my dinner is served on a real plate and with real cutlery...

I just wasted my calories on this piece of fish... 

They do have lunch specials for $8.85 includes chips and pop... but I going to pass!"
"Just maybe I need a beer or 2 more before I eat at House of Gourmet. 

Came here on a late night after a few beers, I was hungry and ready to have some ""cheap"" good Chinese food. The menu is quite extensive so we ended up ordering

Beef Tenderloin on a Sizzling Plate with Chef Sauce ($12.99)
- Beef was  tough and tasted bland

Beef Rice Noodle ($8.95)
- food court quality: super greasy with no fresh off the wok taste

Stir Fried Veggie with Garlic ($10.95)
- oily oily and why veggie has to be that oily

The portion is decent and House of Gourmet opens till 4 am on weekends. So should I go to bed hungry or should I come here to eat next time? Maybe I should drink another pint or 2 instead.

Washroom here though really clean!! I do need to go washroom after all these beer drinking!"
"All Day Dim Sum?

I was a little skeptical but now I believe that Kwan at York Mills can deliver hot and delicious dim sum all day. As there are 5 dim sum chefs working in the kitchen and everything you order is made fresh. 

The price is in line with most other dim sum places starting from $3 and up. The tea charge of $2 definitely worth it as the quality of the tea is good (they have different kind of Chinese tea so just ask).

We just ordered a few dish to try with recommendation for our friendly waitress:

Steamed Rice Roll with Watercress with Beef (L) 西洋菜牛肉腸
Transparent Soft Cake (M) 紫心水晶餅
Bean Curd with Oyster Sauce (M) 蠔皇鮮竹卷
Deep Fried Lotus Root & Pork Cake (L) 香煎蓮藕餅
Seafood with Snow Pea Sprout Dumplings (L) 荳苗海鮮餃

I love their Rice Roll. They prepared everything from scratch including grinding rice to make the paste for the rice roll wrap. The wrap has a great QQ texture, a little thick but yummy!

Everything was fresh and delicious. The quality is as good or even better than some of the dim sum restaurants in Markham/Richmond Hill!

The deco is really chic and trendy. A quiet place to enjoy a chat with friends over some good food. Closes at 5:30 pm Monday to Thu but on other days they opens till 10 pm they offers an additional menu on top of dim sum.

Highly Recommended especially there is no other dim sum restaurants in the immediate area."
"Piggy's Restaurant?? Since I am not Korean, I just assume with this name and logo, this place is specialized in serving pigs? Or just a warning for my vegetarian friend not to venture in?

One of the disappointment is NO lunch Specials! Almost every Korean restaurants in the area has lunch specials... hmm... too late now, I am stuck here without specials!!

What should I eat? It was freaking hot outside and I saw mustard and vinegar on the table... so of course I ordered the Mul Maeng myeon ($8.95).

Nothing beat having a Korean Cold Noodle on a hot hot day!! 

Don't cut my noodles, I want a good photos!! 

Slurp Slurp Slurp! Making a mess...

Waiter came back with the scissors and want to cut my noodles again!

Refreshing and enjoyable... with cucumber and pear!

However, no Banchen for me? My noodles only came with some pickled turnips.... how come??

Piggy's Restaurant's prices are relatively more expensive... it is in the same price point at Sariwon up the street.. however even Sariwon has lunch specials!"
"So much fun just browsing around in Blue Banana Market Place! 

It is a great place to shop for unique gifts for your friends and loved one since you cannot find them in the Suburbia Malls. And the good thing is they are all in one location so you really get something that is the perfect gift!

Advice: leave your boyfriend/hubby at a coffeeshop nearby or  better at home.. because they won't be happy when you take forever and hopping around and admiring everything insight!"
"A taste of Pho just opened up this Monday at Market Village and I so happy that I can include this FTR in my Pho-bruary!

The restaurant is nice and chic with comfortable booth seatings on the side. (I am so into booth seatings!)

I ordered the House Special Noodle.. medium ($6.25) I am glad I order the medium as the medium is smaller than what I get at Vietnam Noodle Star for a small. Not only the noodle is less, there is hardly any meat... The beef ball is mini balls..   I was still hungry after I eat the whole bowel! (I really feel like a pig!!!)

The broth is nice and hot. They put quite a bit of herb inside includes anise and cinnamon. The noodles is the dried type. Not bad as it was cooked well. (I am still hungry!!!!)

I ended up ordering an extra spring roll ($4.25). Small 2 little spring rolls.. crispy, tasty, the way vietnmanese spring roll suppose to taste like! (I am still hungry!!)

The servers are really nice and friendly. I did make a comment about the size of the Pho... 

Cash and Debit Only!

No lunch specials!!

Compare to other Vietnamese Pho places in the area, this place is more expensive since the portion is smaller. I am not sure if I going to come here if I want value! (I am hungry already 2 hours after my lunch!)"
"Imagine a Costco that dedicate to food and food only...

That's what Chef's Depot is about. 

I dropped by during their soft opening (Grand Opening October 7) and as expected a lot of the shelves were empty. There are though some nonperishable good and frozen food available for purchase.

This place is huge and Seafood department looks really promising. 

There is also a sit down eat in area, serving $2 breakfast and $3 lunch?! And Sakana-Ya, a Japanese Seafood and Fish Market that used to be in J-Town also relocated inside Chef's Depot. Sashimi anyone?

The downside is most items are by bulk and membership of $25/year for the shopping privileges. But now they are offering a free first year  trial membership.

I will be back again and check out what they have.. maybe some foie gras? Never know I might get inspired and cook more!"
"I love flaky pastry.. and that Spinach Pie at Athen's Pastries (Spanokopita) tasted awesomely good... 

I always glad that sign language is universal, point, smile and pay and you will receive... Athens Pastries works with that same system... 

Imagine the day that if one cannot pronounce the name of the food correctly, one cannot eat... I will be starving in Germany and Greek for sure!! 

I think a certain yelper told me about another location of Athens Pastries in Scarborough.. that would be my next destination to practise my Greek food vocabulary!"
"This is the most depressing Spin Dessert Cafe I have been to..

I really want to like this place, but everything just a falling short aside from our lone waiter who was trying really really hard ..

I have the So Much To Say ($9.15) Crepe - Hazelnut Creme ice-cream layered with bananas and roasted hazelnuts with hot hazelnut sauce on the side. I have nothing much to say aside from it was OK, I doubt I will order that again.

""Freshly Brewed"" Free Trade Coffee ($1.95) tasted like it had been brewed a long time ago.. thick and muddy.

My Yelp friend ordered the Tip of the Iceberg ($5.75) which is an affogato and seems to be quite delicious.

Wifi was not working at all even there was a signal. Service was painfully slow it took more than 10 minute to just get the bill.. 

Deco is a lot simpler than other locations without that young and hopping energetic vibe, which is OK.. But the view here is just so depressing looking at some dumpsters and dirty parking lot."
"I have to say Max Sports inside Splendid China Tower just across from Market Village.

Max Sports carries mostly sports equipment for table tennis, badimonton and tennis, which are all really popular sport activities for Asian population.

Trust me, it is not easy to get to really get that seletions of Butterfly table tennis racquets in the other western stores.(I did not realize that Max carries Butterfly so I ended up order one from the US that took forever to arrive!)  And they have a great selections of badimonton racquets too!

They also has the online stores where you can check out the prices and what they carries! But definitely go in the store and try them out before you buy..."
"With the rebranding of  Hung Fook Tong into Sweet Pea Dessert Cafe, I was hoping that would be new items on the menu just like their North York Location. But sadly, it is still the same old, same old... Not even a revamp of the aged interior deco.

Steamed Milk with Ginger ($6.50) and Assorted Mochi ($7) were both A-OK. I always enjoy their mochi!

Will I be back? Maybe as there are not too many choices for traditional Chinese dessert.

Accepts Visa, MC and Debit."
"Sweets.. Pastries... Cookies.. 

Yazdi Pastry is a nice and quiet place if you want to chill a little and have some Persian cakes and maybe even a cup of coffee. 

Pomegranate cream cake has this sour, savoury and sweet taste all in one.. Definitely a lot different from the usual sweetness I am accustomed. 

My nutty and dense date pastry also was surprising good with my cup of coffee. 

Yazdi has a few tables if you do decide to stay in or have them to go as there were all these men picking up desserts to go."
"I love browsing around Home Outfitters various location in GTA. I have to admit that a lot of their products are overpriced and definitely should wait for a sale or clearance before making a purchase.

This Home Outfitters in Pickering has a good selection of Clearance items, a lot more than any other location I had been to.

Almost every department has a table or 2 of items on discount. A lot of them over 50%. Definitely fun to hunt for some bargains. But just like most Clearance items, they are final sale with no refund or exchange, so be 100% sure before you take them home."
"So it is how it feels like when you have an Italian Mama and you go home for that special dinner?? 

Solo Maria Ristorante does makes me feel like home. Especially when we were there on an afternoon when we were there only one there and with no wait staffs.. Maria becomes our Chef and Servers and our mother. 

There are no lunch special menus...so you ended up have to order off the dinner menu.. We took Maria's suggestions since we could not really agreed on what to order 

Bruschetta ($4.50) 
- Not really impressed.. really some lightly toasted garlic bread with a little little tomato on top. 
- Not enough flavours and not even garnishes.. need a lot more in order more tasty... 

Fazzoletti alla Maria ($18.50) 
- Stuffed Pasta with ground Veal Medallions 
- this is quite good... tons of veal flavoured with fresh herbs... 
- pasta is thin and freshly made... 
- love the tomato sauce.. light with tons of tomatoes and finished off with a 2% milk based cream sauce 

Fish of the Day ($22) 
- Sea bass fillet breaded and grilled seasoned with herbs (rosemary and thyme) finished off with a light touch of balsamic vinegar and olive oil 
- not bad ... but I have better... the fish is not flaky enough to my liking, especially I expect a lot from Sea brass.. 

Free appetizer of deep fried smelts.. nice of Maria.. I could not break her heart saying I don't eat smelts much as I found it too fishy :P.  

Prices wise Solo Maria is comparatively more pricey.. it may worth it if you willing to pay for Organic Chicken and better ingredients.

So if you looking for some Authentic Home Cooking.. come to Solo Maria.. but if you want a fine dining services you will definitely be disappointed. Maria is loud as Italian you can get... but have a big warm heart! 

Now this is another place that will make me feel warm and fuzzy and feel just like home!"
"Summer is here, so is Korean Cold Noodle Season... 

Walking by ""No English Name"" Korean restaurant a few times seeing the huge photo of this icy noodle... finally brings me to Yoo Ga Ne...

I asked my Yelp friend to order whatever while I try parking my car... (yes they do have 2 spaces right in front of the restaurant..but the last thing for me to do is trying to back out to Yonge Street during rush hour??

I ended up with 2 dishes that are HOT VS COLD...

Chick Hae Naeung Myun - Cold Arrowroot Noodle, Aging Skate Fish with Spicy Sauce ($10.95)
- I found the noodle here a little mushy... 
- Skate Fish... raw and fermented and aged in hot sauce... a little too slimy for me...and for some consider one of the most stinky food...
- I secretly fed them all to my Yelp friend.......................... while I ate most of the noodle and the mini egg.....

Soon Dae Gook - Pork Soup Mixed with Sliced Soon Dae Sausage ($7.95)
- You must seriously love pork to enjoy this: skin, fat, kidney, liver, stomach...all the pig you can think of and more is in this soup...
- The taste is strong.. and heavy... and definitely comforting on a cold winter night...

Seems like there are some noodle specials.... but all in Korean.... I will have to ask next time when I come back for some more cold noodle!!

Portion is huge... as I am still feel full in the evening.... Must be the pork!!!"
"Nothing open at 2 am and you really want to look for a clean and safe washrooms in the area... Tim Hortons is the place to be.

The crowds here are pretty mellow and quiet... maybe they just sound quiet to me after I came out from a music blazing place?

Ran out of Ice Cappuccino... but it is kind of cold out.. I don't know why my friend want to have one? 

For me, a warm cup of coffee though weak compare to my usual preferences, but i is a life saver after a few drinks!"
"This review is based on the soft opening of Gourmet Malaysia.

Gourmet Malaysia and Gourmet Garden across the street are related in a big way. Basically Gourmet Garden is moving from the food court to a stand alone restaurant!!

I have been waiting for it to open for 2 weeks or so!! The written sign kept screaming at me telling me they are Opening Soon! Finally, today when I drove by this afternoon, the ""OPEN"" sign was lit!!

The menu is similar to Gourmet Garden, but now you have somewhere to sit down and enjoy your meal and you no longer eating out of styrofoams using plastic utensils!

Teh Terik ($1.50)
- Malaysian Milk Tea

Penang Assam Laksa ($6.50)
- fishy and spicy and sour at the same time! Talking about attack of the senses!

Winter melon and Logan Drink ($1.99)
- refreshed my taste buds after the hot and spicy food!

All tasted so good!! :)

There are also items on the menu that are new addition and I am coming back to try their shaved ice!!

Gourmet Malaysia also has a takeout area set up in the front if you just want something quick. They also has cooking sauces and snacks for sale.

The only complaint is the cushions in the booth seating which are all ripped!! Those has to be reupholstered!!"
"Cafe Cogo is like a hybrid of Congee Queen, Kenny's Noodles and Hong Kong Style Cafe.

The menu here is extensive!! 

Congee, Cantonese Stir fried dishes, Soup Noodles, Dim Sum, Baked Rice, Snacks, Desserts, Drinks.....

Lunch (Mon - Fri), Afternoon (2:30-5:30), Dinner Specials

I have to select from over 20 choices for Afternoon tea set starting from $3 which includes a drink!

Rice Noodle with Fish and Beef Balls ($5.25) is delicious and I could tell that they use better ingredients than some of the other places I have been. My HK style milk tea is also smooth and silky!

The restaurant itself is surprisingly huge with ample seating. Since the place is new, everything is clean. 

Service is a little slow though, as no one give me a menu or a glass of water until I kept asking! There's a bell on the table just like those Korean restaurants I been to! I should just push that bell and drive the wait staffs crazy instead of waving them down!!

BTW, they also has a separate drinks and dessert menu... I think I should come back for dessert next time.. (Black Sesame Pudding!!!)

10% grand opening discount!"
"If I have a choice, VIP is the way to go. Not because I want to feel like a VIP but the whole experience just so much more enjoyable for me.

With this Cineplex VIP Cinemas located inside Shops st Don Mills, I can do some shopping before my movies. And there are quite a handful of restaurants and bars for a drink or 2. With assigned seats, I can arrive whenever and not to worry I might not get good seats. And of course the seats are really comfortable which is a plus. Oh and I can order a cocktail/beer while watching a movie, I want to watch every single movie in VIP cinemas from now on!

10% off Scene Benefit on Tuesdays. $13.50 for the privileges which I think is quite reasonable.

And yes I will be back!"
"I drove by Stars of Thai Cuisine at least 100s of time! I never even know it exist! Thanks for fellow yelpers in helping me to discover this gem!

We were here for dinner on a Sunday night at 7:30 pm, there was only 1 other table.
My dinner mate is getting antsy... ""should we leave?"" ""No! we have to eat here, I need to yelp about it!"" (I hope my fellow yelpers won't disappoint me!)

We order the mini appeitizer ($12.95)/Golden curry with Beef ($11.95)/Spicy Mango Fish ($12.95) to share. 

The mini appetitizer comes with green mango salad/chicken and beef satay/spring rolls/crispy dumplings. I have to say that all of them tasted good! The spring rolls and dumplings though deep fried are not oily at all! The satays both so tender not burnt! The peanut sauce for dipping one of the best I have.. not heavy with chunks of peanuts (I was eating it all by itself.. it is that tasty!) and the mango salad has the perfect herbs and coriander roots!!!

The Spicy Mango fish is on the Chef's Menu written on the chalkboard.  The fish they used is so fresh.. It was lightly battered and fried and top with the fresh mango and thai sauce. Beware of little chopped chilli peppers in the sauce.. I love them but it can be deadly for people that are not into spicy food!

Golden Curry Beef, not really spicy. But the beef are really tender. I can tell they use good cut of beef. I can eat 2 bowels of rice with the curry sauce..

For dessert, there are only 2 choices. Mango with Sticky Rice or Fried Banana with Lychee ice cream. Fried Banana it is. I have to tell you Lychee ice cream for sure is a better match to fried banana then vanilla ice cream! YUMMY!!

Service here is friendly and prompt. 

They accepts all credit cards.

I will be back to try out their lunch specials for $9.95 too!! (that comes with spring roll and soup of the day)"
"There is nothing ""traditional"" with my Noodle in Traditional Sauce 傳統炸醬麵 ($5.99).

Just imagine using the Hong Kong Style Cafe Bolognese meat sauce and add preserved pickled veggie topped on noodle and served with a side of corn?!! One of the most nasty lo mein I ate in a restaurant.

Luckily the complimentary Hong Kong Style milk tea was decent.

Maybe Food Kingdom menu is just too big. Maybe trimming down their menu will help? If some items are not good enough to serve or just caught the kitchen by surprise because some one really ordered that, please just take that off the menu.

I don't know if I would be brave enough to come back to try out other items. But with so many other options in Scarborough, Food Kingdom would be a pass for me."
"Black Creek Pioneer Village is a fun and educational place for everyone.

You will find school groups for field trips, tourists from out of town, locals here for their different festivities (Maple Syrup and Christmas) and me for their breweries.

Wandering around Black Creek is like you been transported 100 years ago to the time when no smart phone, TV, computer or even electricity exist....  You have a glimpse of the old time, which made me appreciate everything I have now!

Definitely paid the extra for the brewery tour which I think worth the additional admission."
They are CLOSED!
"I have been searching for independent Espresso bar or Coffeehouse in the Markham area and with no success.... All Markham has are Starbucks and Second Cup.. oh and God forbidden those Tim Hortons popping up everywhere! 

Red Bulb Espresso Bar though not in Markham but only 10 minutes or so drive North... and it is a lovely addition to the Stouffville neighbourhood. 

The interior of Red Bulb is nicely decorated... bright and airy with a lot of little decorations on the wall (needlepoint crafts, wondering if the owners got them from garage sales!) 

The Seasonal Gingerbread Latte is delicious! :) Just like drinking my dessert which my friend probably thinks it is just so not right for a real espresso bar experience. 

OK! I am green with envy!! I want one of this espresso bar in Markham!! I want to be able to get a good latte at 5:30 AM (damn this people are hardworking)! I want to able to chill out and surf the Internet with a good cup of Joe! 

For now on, I guess the only option is to hop in my car with my laptop and drive myself up to Red Bulb!"
"An oasis of serenity amidst the bustling city. That is exactly how I feel about Prince's Island Park!

We came here for a nice morning stroll since it is right across from our hotel in CBD. 

The river, the trees and the fresh air. This is just unbelievable experience since I can still see those tall office buildings in the distance.

You can bring your own food here for a picnic. But I will highly recommend visit River Cafe which is one of the Canada's 100 Best Restaurants.

Now you know why I am here walking through the Park so early in the morning!"
"Timmie Doggie Outfitters for sure is an great stores to buy some doggie outfits for your beloved ones! 

The selections here are great as I have not yet seen another other pet supplies stores have such huge selections in clothings!

Of course they are not cheap but at least they are quality items. 

BTW, they also carries gourmet cookies just like Bark and Fitz..

If you have friends that loves their dog so much... Timmie Doggie Outfitters will be an awesome place to get gifts from! (hint hint hint!)"
"Recently Sariwon Korean Restaurant names are appearing a lot in the Chinese Magazine... Their Korean Cold Noodle with Fresh Pears is a contender for one of the awards.

OK.. power of advertising and with the hot summer weather.. I decide to drop by and give it a try.

Sariwon does offer lunch specials from 11:30 - 3:00 PM. There are over 15 items on the menu which are cheaper than the regular prices. And luckily me the Korean Cold Noodle in cold soup or spicy sauce ($9.95) is on the lunch menu.

The appeitizer arrived quickly. They all taste pretty good.. The only items I don't like is the kimchi. I found it not too spicy and not too aged for my taste.

Tips for foodie: Don't order your cold noodle with hot sauce. It is basically hot sauce yes hot sauce mix with noodles... and hot sauce and pear is NOT a good mix

Tip for photographers: Don't let them cut your noodle before you take a photo.. your photo looks horrible when your food got mess up

I will definitely come back and order the cold noodle in soup not hot sauce. That will do more justification to the dish. 

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Galito's Flame Grilled Chicken is a franchise from South Africa serving flame grilled chicken with Peri Peri Sauce.

I arrived 5 minute before 3 pm so I can still take advantage of their LUNCH SPECIALS, where there are 5 choices for $7.99 each.

This review is going to be bias... as I think there was some misunderstanding!!! I want to have the 1/4 chicken with Rice but ended up I was served:

Chicken Strips on Rice with Peri Peri Fries and Cole Slaw ($7.99) 
- I don't really like white meat. Yes it is a healthier choice but why I want to eat chicken that were so dry, chewy and tough.. I don't really know.....
- So dried chicken bland, chewy and dry with no amount of hot Peri Peri sauce that would able to save it!!
- I don't really like the yogurt sauce on top..
- I don't really like the fries as they are like frozen fries with Peri Peri powder sprinkled on top

Why am I gave this place a 2 star??

As a minimum service restaurant, you placed your order and they delivered it to your table. At least all the food are delivered on real plates and you got to eat using real forks and knives. My waitress/cashier kept checking on me and ask how my food was and if I need this or need that....

I would definitely give Galito another try... but I really need to get the Leg!! The moist, fatty, juicy legs!!! I cannot stand chewing on cardboard again!!"
"Location Location Location!

I usually don't visit Van Houtte as the coffee is not my Cup of Coffee?!

This location is just so convenient, located right inside Palais des Congres. Great to chill out a little in between my beer drinking (I was there during beer fest!) Have a coffee before my beer drinking in the morning... 

Plenty of seating and free unsecured wifi! There are 2 outlets for your electronic needs: great for me to charge up my dying phone!

Of course there are other options in the area, but during winter you don't even need to go outside in the cold at all!!"
"Three Owls Optics is one of the numerous optical stores inside First Markham Place. I don't know why I ended up coming here but I always walked by and the store always been busy. 

We were greeted and a sales associate came over to assist us right away. After trying on numerous frames, we decided on the frame we liked and the order was put through with no complication. 

Service here is fast and friendly. Pricing is reasonable. 

Three Owls Optics is a good store if you need to get your prescription filled!"
"I love the Aveda Store! 

Rolls and Rolls of Aveda products for you to try out....

Ok the price is not cheap for their products.. but you do get what you pay! Their products never goes on sale, but they do have the annual Family/Friends 20% discount, so make sure you sign up for their emails communication.

For your birthday month, if you do and pay a visit you will get a free 10 min back/shoulder massage or a hand massage plus $10 gift card!! (no purchase necessary..)

Sometimes they have promotions. Back in September they have free hand, back and shoulder massage and free samples... with no purchase necessary! (look for the information in your inbox!)

They also offer facial and massages... And the sales and therapists are all really friendly and professional!"
"Line up no more!!

With all these new Chatime location opening up all around Toronto and GTA, I think the days that people would line up for over 1 hour is gone! 

I came here on a snowy day.. maybe because of the weather, there was no lines at all even the store is still doing the Grand Opening buy 1 get 1 free specials! 

The staff though was a little slow in both order taking and preparation. I can't imagine how it would be when the place get busy.

Roasted Milk Tea with Grass Jello 30% Sweet Less Ice ($4.70) can be a little more creamy but the grass jello was still so good."
"Nortown Foods inside Promenade Mall has good selections of cooked food, great for entertaining or if you just too lazy to cook!! 

Meat selections are good too as you can get exactly the cut and asked questions from the knowledgeable staffs. 

There are also some gourmet sauces and condiments but not too many as the stores is really small compare to other Fine Food stores I been to."
"I love the casual atmosphere at Drake Mini Bar.

Perfect for a drink and to meet up friends. The ""patio"" area probably my choice because it is more open and a tropical like vibe.

I love their cocktail lists and just like other Drake locations, they have a feature cocktail of the day for $10! Aside from cocktails, they also serves snacks and food. It is always good to have the option after a drink or 2!

Waitstaff is friendly and helpful."
"Congee Wong inside the Promenade Mall might not be my usual Chinese restaurant to get my Chinese food fix. But if you are in the Bathurst area, Congee Wong will be best and even the only choice. 

The interior is really in need for some freshen up: Sticky Tables, outdated deco and filthy condiment holders....yuck! 

Prices wise Congee Wong still have the dated pricing but my Shrimp Dumpling Soup Noodle ($4.25) though reasonably priced the portion is smaller than usual...why I say that? I still hungry after I ate that.... next time I need to order a snack too! 

Service here is efficient and fast... and they seems to have a system where they have all the lone/single customers seat... right at the back of the restaurant... single hang out area??"
"The Kitchen and Glass Place does not looks like much from the window.. but if you walk into the store, you will be amazed to find out how big it is!! 

The nicer fancier selections of small kitchen applicances front when you enter.. (if you want to buy someone that is into cooking or home entertaining, you will for sure find something as a present!), everything you can imagine and need or more.. if you cannot find it here, I really doubt you can find it at any place else.

Prices maybe a little steeper then some of the warehouse sales outlets but this is Yorkville and this is expected!"
"Walking along McCaul towards Baldwin to meet up my Yelp eating friends... Thinking of having a coffee at TAN. Then when I saw the open windows semi patio setup of Sin & Redemption.... I changed my mind since a beer is always better than a coffee after a long working day?! 

Tables are set up really close together, but does look quite comfy and intimate. After I squeezed into one of the tables closed to the open windows, I was excited to check out their great selections of import beers. 

Sadly both Fruehli and Sir Perry both not available.... as I was looking for something light and refreshing to celebrate the few last glorious day of the warm weather..... The waiter recommended Somersby Apple Cider ($6.60) the only cider they have on the menu. 

Since I was here in the early evening for a pre dinner drink on a Saturday. the place was not too busy and the crowd was a lot more mellow. 

I definitely will be back again to try out other beers on the menu, the prices are really reasonable and the services are fast and friendly! 

Cheers!!!"
"""Our restaurant never makes Papaya Salad (Som Tum) Spicy!""

All I asked was to ask the kitchen to throw in a few Thai Chili pepper?!

My Grilled Chicken with Sticky Rice ($8.95) was disappointing. The chicken tasted like it underwent some mutation... or rehydrated chicken?? 

Meh..."
"David's Tea though a franchise but is an excellent addition to any neighbourhood!! 

Aside from the great selections of loose tea leaves and tea accessories, there is a tea cafe that serves freshly brewed tea by the cup. 

It is a great idea to have tables located in the front of the store, so customers can sip their tea and people watching at the same time!"
"Belgium Chocolate!! 

Belgium Dark Chocolate!! 

Leonidas Chocolate is located inside Bayview Village's Loblaws. 

Nothing fancy or posh about the decoration of this place.. I can even say it is kind of basic.. but here the chocolate is the star of the show. 

Staff was nice and welcome... 

I could not resist by getting some of those little pre wrapped chocolate pieces for 40 cents each and talking about portion control! At least I won't be indulging myself by finishing a whole box or chocolate bar in 1 seating..... 

Last check none of the chocolate has raisins inside... :P 

BTW, Leonidas also has sugar free chocolate but no calories free version yet!"
"Ramen... 

Man Ramen & Izakaya is a brand new ramen joint that opens in Scarborough. 

It is a Chinese own and run Japanese restaurant so don't expect it to be comparable as those in downtown. 

There are a few choices of broth based includes shoyo, garlic, miso and sesame based with identical toppings of bbq pork, and veggie and egg. 

Goma Ramen ($7.95)
- the broth is one dimension: saltiness and nothing more, black sesame is not doing much
- Noodle was cooked with good bite, not soggy at all which I prefer 
- BBQ pork though quite tender and plentiful, the egg though was disappointing: soy marinated mini small egg

Deco is simple and functional. The open kitchen is located at the back. 

There are also Amber Brewery beers on tap, even their IPA! 

There are definitely room for improvement but a good start!"
"Amazing Seafood House is not ""amazing' but quite A-OK.

We were here for dinner celebrating a birthday and was able to pre ordered some Chinese Birthday buns. Those are house made with a salted egg filling! So good and they were complimentary too! 

Braised Grouper Tail ($38.80) which I would highly recommend. It is great value with perfectly cooked fish and side of tofu, bean curd sheets and puff

Seafood in Rum Sauce ($24) was a miss. The sauce was watery and the seafood overcooked and not fresh.

The other dish we ordered all A-OK/

Dessert was nicely presented.

Service was attentive but we were there on a weeknight when the place is quiet.

Not a bad option if you are with a group of people and want to try out some Cantonese dish."
"I been to Golden Regency Restaurant for dim sum a couple of time. I have to agreed with my fellow yelpers. It is ok.. the food is ok, the price is ok, the service is ok...

I am back to the restaurant last Saturday for a banquet style dining experience. The event is organized by a Buddhist organization and they took over the whole venue and the menu serves only vegetarian dishes.

This place can be crowded with 40 tables of over 400 people at the same time! The tables are all closely packed together and it does feel crowded with the low ceiling! I have to say the sound system here really suck! Not only the venue are not designed for that and the system is not working probably as it is!

It must be quite a challenge for the chef to come up with all different vegetarian dishes. Ended up most of them used the same ingredient: celery! 4 dishes in a roll has celery in it! (OK, it is personal, I don't eat celery!) In order the make the dish not as bland, a lot of MSG has been used. (OK! I was thirsty the whole night)

Our table has this quick and efficient waiter! Not only we are the first one to be served in our section and he even let me took photos of the dishes before he served us! Thank so much!

Since the meal is complimentary from the buddhist organization, I could not really comment on the value. However, our table did have a good time!"
"When you are early for your meet up near Little Italy...and you need somewhere to recharge your electronic devices or use the Wifi or just to hang...I would definitely suggest you hop by Pape/Danforth Library!

I parked myself right by the window on the 2nd level overlooking Pape...and there are electric outlets right there too!!

Zzzzz Zzzzzzz

And if you are not into chilling or playing with your electronics... there are some cozy armchairs for you to read magazines.... to kill some time!"
"Oil Changers is the place to go if your car need a quick oil change. 

The staff here always so efficient and thorough in their job and they are just so good at it!

No appointment need! Perfect for people that never really have a schedule and just pop by whenever it is convenient!

I usually come by during the week so there's never a wait.

Fast and Polite service! I will be back!"
"My repeat visit to In Cheon turns out to be excellent!!

The staffs are much more attentive and friendly.

And thanks for fellow yelper recommendations, I really enjoy my C3  -  Incheon House Kal Guk Soo($7.95) - Special Food Category. Noodles has such great texture and bite, great portions and yummy!!"
"Benelux Brewpub is on our list of local breweries to visit on this trip. But with too much drinking the last few nights... we never made it for a night cap until our last day for afternoon beer time.

Not busy at all, definitely a good place to chill. We shared a few $2 samplers:

Lux - Blonde
Zeeland -  Saison
Semuta - Saison Amber 
Motek - Imperial Pilsner
Sabotage - IPA
Cimonak - Porter

The beers were all A-OK and quite enjoyable. Nothing really stand out to be exceptionally awesome. 

Free Wifi with tons of electric outlets! If Benelux is near my house, I think I will be here during the day and do some work and drink beers...instead of going to a library or Starbucks!"
"Lemon Tree South East Asian Food is located in the outside strip of First Markham Place. 

I have to say it is good place if you want some solid Malaysian/Thai/Vietnamese food. They have specials for lunch, afternoon tea and dinner.. This is my kind of restaurant!

I went to Lemon Tree for lunch. They have 7 lunch specials that includes a drink starting from $6.50. I ordered the lunch special Satay Chicken Rice Noodle Soup and a vietnamese coffee with condensed milk as my drink

I have to say not that many places will throw in a vietnamese coffee as your complimentary drink! Usually I pay $2.50 at least for a cup. I have to say I really enjoy drinking that strong coffee... and sinfully the condensed milk!

The noodles soup arrived quickly. The broth was piping hot and my request of fresh chilli was fulfilled. The noodle unfortunately is the dried type but the chicken was nice and tender. The taste of satay is pretty strong, I can still tasted it in mouth hours after I finished eating..

The service is quick and friendly! I would recommend if you are in a rush.. it took me 15 minutes to order and finish eating and got my change!

They also serves one of the best free complimentary hot Jasmine Tea...

They accepts AMEX, Mastercard, Visa and Interac.

Afternoon teas set starts at $2.99.. a Pho with a drink for $4.50!!!!"
"3.5 Star

I have been wanting to try KABOOM Chicken for the longest time. I do like the option of ordering by the piece at $3.25 each, as fried chicken is one of my guilty pleasure.

I love how the chicken was made when ordered. Nothing beat chicken right off the fryer! Crispy skin and juicy meat! Some reviewers were complaining about too much sauce, but I kind of wish for more. The sauce itself was more on the sweet side vs spicy but it would have taste perfect for most.

I can tell management really care about the customers as there are napkins/wetnaps, water station and all the things that you need to eat your chicken!

I do wish the chicken piece is a little bigger, especially at $3.25 each. I guess it is a good thing I am wishing for more."
"Since I cannot drink coffee and park myself at Starbucks for hours....and hours... Libraries that has Free WIFI, plenty of electric outlets and not with tons of kids screaming at top of their voices always a good library for me!! 

This particular Vaughan Library is located inside Dufferin-Clarke Community Centre. Though the library is smallish...I like how there are big windows and skylights letting natural sunlight filtering in. 

Of course Free Wifi access, with no passwords needed and there are plugs under every single communal tables for laptops or whatever you want to plug in. 

Though sometimes toddlers does come in and turned this place into a zoo... and there's really no where to hide since the size of the library... (Stop that scream! Stop that Whining!! Your mother is right in front of you and she is NOT deaf!) 

Aside from that, if you have your own ear plugs headphone.. that won't be an issue!! 

Kids!! I tell you one more time!! NO SCREAMMMMING!!!!"
"There were a few piece of furniture which look really nice on their website, so we decided to drop by and check out the real deal.

Suite 22 Interiors has a really well set up showroom that really showcase their furniture 
on display. It was definitely fun to browse around and get some design idea. The furniture are all Italian Import and really modern and chic.

End up the sofa that I like cost $18,000 a little out of my price range. The light that goes well with it is $2600....

Suite 22 Interiors though has nice accessories which would be more in line with everyday budget."
"If you want to try out traditional Chinese pastry, Aroma Bakery is the place to go. 

When you enter the parking area, you would already smell the aroma of freshly baked goods... 

All their pastries and cake are all baked in house. They are famous for wintermelon cake (wife cake). With a flaky layer outside and wintermelon a little chewy inside and not too sweet. They also now has a husband cake which is salty instead of sweet.

There are also seasame ball with red bean, chinese big sponge cake, tiny little BBQ pork/Curry Beef/Ham and Egg buns. They are all smaller sizes than the other bakery. But they tasted so much better as there is a better balance between the fillings and the bread.

If you have really sweet teeth, you will be a little disappointed as most of the sweets are not as sweet as the western/european counterpart!

CASH only!"
"100% Korean Restaurant is tucked in a Chinese Plaza surrounded by all these Chinese eatery. It looks a little stretchy from outside since you cannot really see inside through the windows. However, it does serve decent Korean food.

100% Korean Restaurant is named so because it is owned and runned by a Korean family, serving only Korean food. One interesting thing is the Korean grandfather who is one of the servers is 76 years old and he can speak Korean, Japanese, English and Mandarin. Yes he speaks better Mandarian than me... shame shame shame on me!

The lunch specials serves till 2:30 pm starts from $5.95. I decide on the Bibimbap ($6.95) which is served in one of the steel bowels. They use brown rice and has a colourful presentation of veggie and  makes a great photo. The Banchen are the home made varieties and all quite delicious. The only thing I don't like is the soup, it tastes like one of those cabbage soup serves in HK style cafe...

The service here is nice and homey......and the restaurant itself is clean and well kept.

I looking forward to try their cold noodle which is seasonal next time when I visit.

They accepts Visa and Mastercard."
"Dropped by Ni Ji Sushi for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Ni Ji is located at the South West corner of Midland and Ellesmere. You might miss it if you driving along Ellesmere because the store front faces Midland!

The Parking lot is small and it was full!! I ended up have to park across the street in the other plaza which offer plenty of parking.

Ni Ji for sure is busy during lunch time. There are tons of people working in the area coming here for lunch or calling in for take out. Lunch specials are offer 6 days a week from 11:30 AM to 3:00 PM starting from $6.95. There is a choice of both Korean and Japanese items for lunch.

I am hungry..(I am always hungry) I want to eat everything.. so I decide on the Tempura and Sushi Special ($11.95). The soup, salad and the appeitizers are all ok. Personally I don't like seaweed though, so that's the only item I did not finish.

The fish on the sushi are sliced really thick, not like the paper thin one I have at other places... and they are fresh and tasty! 

The Tempura has 2 shrimps, 2 sweet potatoes and beans. Not the best one I tasted.. I think they are not made to order. Though they are not oily but just a little cold. (Maybe I spend too much time taking photos before I start eating!)

The service though is rush but is fast and efficient.. just bang bang bang , your table is full of food! The half orange is a nice touch to finish the meal!

They accepts all credit cards, even AMEX!

Yes I will be back to eat again for sure!"
"Sushi Seoul serves NO sushi! 

Sushi Seoul is really Shin Chon?!

Shin Chon has some identity crisis...

The sign and their receipt has Shin Chon listed as Sushi Seoul.. but there is no sushi on the menu...

The Chinese words at store front stating that Shin Chon is a special Chinese take out place, but I found nothing Chinese on the menu. The only Chinese element I encountered was the waitress who only speaks Mandarin and Korean. 

As usual, my Yelp Friend was trying to find some strange and unique item... Sea quirt? What is sea squirt?? Our waitress could not explain to us either in English or Mandarin..... 

The waitress insisted that we don't want to eat Sea Quirt nor we would like the Grilled Sea Eel.. which are under the special..... so reluctantly, we ended up ordering

Hangover Soup ($6.99) was not too spicy though it looked red. A good amount of beef tendon and one would love it if you are into garlic. I think my Friend still has a hangover after almost finish the whole soup...

Grilled Fish ($10.99) was 3 small fish grilled whole with all the internal organs. The skin was grilled crispy and the taste quite savoury. I have the urge to have some Soju while eating them....

Lunch Specials always available on some of the dishes, which cost $1 or so less.

Closed on Monday.... (Korean Signs posted every where even inside the washroom... which I finally find out by asking one of the waitress....)"
"I always enjoy the food at La Mere in Scarborough and I am excited they open another location in Richmond Hill.

Of course, I highly recommend their Signature Pie. All made to order, serves pipping hot! But there are also other dishes worth trying and all the cooking just like something a mother would have prepare at home....

牛肉餅($5.50) Beef Meat pie - Juicy and delicious!
小米粥($1) Millet Rice Congee - A healthy option for carb
麻辣凉面($5.50) Cold Noodle w/Spicy Sauce - homemade noodle cooked al dente with great bite
鸡汤鮮肉小锟钝 ($4.99) Wonton in Chicken Soup - the soup garnish with seaweed is just so good.. and love the bite size wonton
秘制金錢牛健($8.99)  Beef Tendons w/Soy Sauce - beef is tender and the dipping sauce is quite interesting: sour and garlicky
京味蝦皮洋白菜 ($4.99) Dried Shrimp and Fried Cabbage - tons of baby shrimps that add unique flavour to this simple dish
京味八宝油炒面 ($3.50) Traditional Peking Assorted Dried Fruits & Nuts Paste Dessert - meh, baby food texture... 
芝麻醬糖餅 ($4.99) Sesame Peanut Butter Pancake - so hot, so fresh, so crispy... yummmmy

Almost all dish are under $10! Chinese style tapas great for sharing!

And there is really a ""La Mere"" (old mother) in the kitchen cooking for you too!

Service can be spotty at time...  but is that part of the package?"
"I am excited that OId Firehall Confectionary opened a new location at Kleinburg. 

I love the cottage like vibe and the outdoor seating area at the front of the store facing the Main Street.

Aside from that the selection seems to be a lot smaller than their Old Unionville location, so don't expect the same offerings. I do love my Kawartha anytime and anywhere! 

Service was meh. The staff did acknowledge us when we went in and tell us to tell her know if we need anything or any question. But the whole time she was on her cellphone making personal calls. It was just a little awkward to listen in her conservation while trying to figure out what to order.

Update: Thanks Kimberly for reaching out and addressed my concerns. Great customer service (+0.5)

Old Firehall Confectionary is great addition to Main Street Kleinburg! And do come by to show your support when you are in the neighbourhood!"
"This review is based on Happy Hour at The Fish House where their appetitizers are on specials.

The wait staffs here are awesome: attentive, friendly and professional. We had great services while sitting at the bar area.

Food wise was kind of meh, if I would had pay full prices for them, The Fish House would be a 2 star.

Ordered:

Crab Cakes ($6.99)
Mussels ($5.99)
Escargot ($3.99)
Scallops Wrapped in Bacon ($5.99)
Grouper Fingers ($4.49)

Nothing wow me enough to be excited and want to come back for more....

May come back for Happy Hour for a drink and snack, but definitely not coming and pay full prices for those!!"
"3.5 Star

Aromaz is a Chinese bakery located right beside the food court of Chartwell Mall.

Here you won't find the best deal $1 for 3 buns? Buy 5 get 1 free?

Here you might even need to pay a little more than some other Chinese bakeries in the area.

But I tell you come try the egg tart ($1) here! 

Just love that buttery flaky crust and the filling just has this great smooth taste of silky egg...

I will just shut up and eat my egg tart... 

BTW, their store made chestnut tart looks just as interesting... I am going to try that next time!"
"If you are looking for Kosher Wine.. look no further than this LCBO.

There are 2 sections of Kosher red and white wines in the store. Great if you are bring a gift for your friends that has special diet requirement.

Aside from that , there are quite a good selections of sakes, which is one of the most impressive one I saw in any LCBO in the area.

Spacious and roomy. One of the staffs even kind enough to ask me if I need any help!"
"With a 2 star overall review, I came with a low expectation. Since I only need a room for the night close to Cedar Point with a reasonable price, Fairfield Inn fit my requirements perfectly.

Arrived at 11:30 pm for a late check in. The front desk staff was helpful and friendly. 

The room though dated but at least the bathroom was renovated with a standalone shower stall only instead of a bath tube.

Complimentary Breakfast was decent with staff cleaning up the area and refilling items constantly.

This Fairfield Inn Avon is good for overnight and short stay. Hopefully overtime more upgrade could be done before my next visit."
"Fishman Lobster Clubhouse Restaurant is worth coming at least once. 

Bring your camera, Bring your friend and have some fun. It is definitely an experience but how's the food?

We shared Lobster HK Style Dinner ($128) and since one of us really enjoy salted egg yolk and we opted for this option for the preparation for the lobster with a $30 surcharge. Just don't do it! 

Soup of the Day was really good!  Love the presentation and the delicate taste.

Lobster though looked good for the photo but the batter was really thick with hardly any salted egg yolk. A lot of the pieces were not even cooked though. What a waste of the lobster itself and the $30 surcharge!!

Steamed Fish was nicely presented and was cooked perfectly

Snow Pea shoot with King Mushroom was meh and it took 3 or 4 times asking different wait staff to check if the kitchen forgot about our order.

Reservation is a must! 

The inside of the restaurant is just so crowded with tables so closed together and the noise level is high! Service is rushed and pushy as the goal of the restaurant is to make as much profit as possible. 

If I have a guest in town from overseas, I might be coming here for another meal. But till then....."
"Tong Ha Supreme BBQ just opened inside  the food court at Silver Star Blvd a month or so ago.

Sparkling clean and just shining under all the spot lights!

I just could not resist their BBQ ducks.. one of the prettiest thing I see out of all the other BBQ joint I been to! Big, Fat and juicy looking! 

BBQ Duck and Pork with Rice ($5.99) was excellent!

The use of better ingredients, more care in preparation really resulted in a much delicious BBQ! Even the sauce has this dedicate balance of sweet and savoury. Not just overly salty or loaded with MSG!

Staffs here are all so cheerful and really proud of their products. The owner even give me some roasted pork on the side to try! I think I want roasted pork next time too as the skin is crispy and the meat so tender!

BTW, Tong Ha does have BBQ Goose! Goose....I want to have some Goose....

15% Grand Opening Special!"
"I almost walked right by Mascot without realizing it! Just looking at the outside, it does not really look like a coffee shop.. especially when I was checking out other side of the shop through the big windows on the west side. 

Indie Passport got me a Cappuccino here which had a nice strong taste.. and love the latte art done by the nice barista. 

Since I was here on a weekend afternoon, there were plenty of seats. Of course if you do consider those elementary tables and chairs seats too. There are so odd armchairs, but there were not place to put my drinks.... 

The big communal table was full of magazines?!! No one is really reading them.. they looks like something for sale instead for my leisure reading while I enjoy my coffee. 

Music was a little loud this afternoon... or were I just sitting right underneath one of the speakers?"
"I always excited to try new restaurants..especially if they are non Asians cuisine as I have enough share of Chinese restaurant reviews!! 

Love the casual homey deco of Le Canard Mort. Even the kitchen is homey as it is quite small in size and have 2 chefs working. This maybe the reason why our orders took forever to come!! 

The beer and cocktail selections here is awesome and priced reasonably!! My 2 Yelp Drinking Buddies each got their favourite beers... oh love the little pink elephant on the Delirum Tremens mug! My Elderflower Splitz, highly recommended by our friendly waitress was refreshing, a great summer drink! 

Wait Wait Wait 

Crisp Sweetbread ($11) finally arrived 

Sweetbread looked and smell similar to buffalo chicken wings. (Before this meal, I am naive enough to think sweetbread is really sweet bread.... and I have to admit I have one of my numerous ""dumb/embrassing"" moment... blushing....) I found the hot sauce just a little overwhelming and the texture or the taste was just lost. It tasted like buffalo chicken wings 

Wait Wait Wait 

Lobster Cobb ($18) finally arrived 

Lobster was cooked and seasoned well with a hint of buttery goodness, it also have good texture and not rubbery at all. but sadly I found it did not go well with the saltiness of Pancetta  nor the richness of blue cheese 

We skipped dessert as I don't think I can Wait any longer..... and the food here is not worth the wait. 

I might come back to Le Canard Mort for a drink but I might just pass on the food. I can't imagine I dine here on a Friday or a Saturday night instead of a Tuesday!"
"Sakana-Ya might sounds familar?

Do you remember that little seafood area inside J-Town that sells Sashimi Grade fish, Uni in Package or you can order a whole platter to go?

Now Sakana-Ya has moved inside The Chef's Depot. If you are into sashimi, you will find Tuna, Hamachi, Salmon and even unopened Uni from BC! If you into fresh abalone, you will find it here too!

There are also tanks of fresh seafood! But since The Chef's Depot is still preparing for their grand opening on October 7, the selection is quite limited.

The downside though, one might need to pay a membership to The Chef's Depot for the privileges to shop here!! So come by now to take advantage of the free one year trial membership and worry about that next year!"
"How should I rate Bikram Yoga Beaches??

If I compare that to other Bikram Yoga locations I have been too, this is the best of them all!! 

The studio itself is a lot nicer.. the waiting area is large and roomy. The practice room is nice and bright and thanks god! no carpet flooring! Can I use the word spa like to describe the waiting area??

I have Debbie as instructor.. she is the nicest Bikram instructor I ever have. She explained the poses patiently to beginners, greet all newcomers and going around helping us with the poses. There are no yelling.. no stopwatches.. I been to one that the instructor ask why I am lying down.. am I being lazy :( (NO! I am dying! Let me RIP!)

The only complain I have is the room though nice with the skylight it is a little too bright for the final pose.. Savasana which is my favourite pose of them all!!

Bikram Yoga Beaches will be the studio to go to if you do want to try out Bikram Yoga!"
"Visiting Green Beanery makes me appreciate the $4 cappuccino I drink at cafes from now on, 

In order to make a good cup of coffee/espresso/cappuccino what people would have go through for the perfect cup. 

If I have to 
- buy the green bean 
- get a roaster to roast the coffee bean $150 
- get a grinder to grind the beans $150 
- get the coffee machine to make the coffee $500 - $1500?
- gee I need that frothing pitcher so my milk will be nice and frothy??? $40 

And the result will be some homemade my version of crabby cappuccino? (And without the human interaction and people watching?)

Nice quiet environment with high ceilings. The Mocha Latte I ordered using my Indie Coffee Passport is A-OK. Not too sweet just have a hint of choco. 

The big windows overlooking Bathurst give me a nice view for people watching..... and daydreaming...........

No Free Wifi... booo"
"Dak Gal Bee is the only thing you should order at Joons Restaurant doesn't matter when or who you come with. Oh of course if you are like me, here as a single diner... you would have stuck with one of their entrees...

The photos in front of the restaurant does looks so much better than the 

Jjambbong ($6.75) was sad. I can barely found any seafood there and the instant ramen is just as good as what my Yelp friend have been making for me.

While I finished my noodle soup in record speed and down all the banchen. I couldn't stop admiring the other table at the corner that was enjoying their Dak Gal Bee!"
"This is a mini version of a regular Sobeys.. under their ""Urban Fresh"". So don't expect to find everything.. but I usually find most Sobeys' selections are a little boring in general.

At least they have Van Houtte's coffee beans in bulk and with a coffee grinder if you want some freshly grounded coffee.

3 cashiers were opened when I were there, and they were all willing to help me cash out!

A few parking lots in front of the store, but free 1 hour parking on the Balliol Street."
"Pho Canh Buom is really different from the other Vietnamese places I been to... Just the deco stands out from the rest of them. And wait staffs trying to tell me I don't need my fresh chili peppers?! Just give it to me!! 

#39 nem nuong cuon, I finally got to try it, thanks to Lauren M! 

Yes it is as good as promised... love all the veggies that came with the order. I was a little unfortunate as I got a few of those dried and hardened rice paper. So it was not that I don't know how to wrap my food! 

Durian Milkshake according to Eric L tasted like smelly socks.. now that makes this milkshake awesome, the smellier the better!"
"It was nice to see Caplansky's food truck at Richmond Hill Ribfest this weekend.

Too bad I was loaded with ribs and have no rooms for more smoked meat, bbq brisket or fries...

The Maple Bacon Donuts ($1) though was a delicious treat, love the hint of ginger.

Until we meet again Thunderin' Thelma, I would definitely try out other offerings on your menu!"
"Yokozuna Japanese Noodle Eatery took over the Moo Beef Noodle House location at Silver Star Blvd. with minimum renovation and all they really did was rearranged the tables a little and made the interior space more open and now they ready for business!! 

The menu has a selection of Japanese snacks and of course Ramen noodle. Curiously the ramen menu is really similar to Ippai http://www.yelp.ca/biz/ippai-japanese-fusion-cuisine-markham I would even say it is identical even to what soup based they offers. 

Tonkotsu (Supreme Pork Bone Soup) Ramen ($10.95) 
- same price and same name and same description as Ippai which I had the same noodle before 
- Soup base was really rich and milky and has strong Pork flavour 
- The ChaShu was really nicely done, mixed of fat and lean parts and has this char coaled flavour and not dry at all 
- Noodle wise is the curly type and has a good bite to it as it was cooked al dente 

TV showing Japanese cooking show was quite interesting, a break from CP24!! 

Waitresses all wearing short short jean shorts........ hmmmmm....... 

10% off grand opening specials! Cash Only!"
"Visiting Yummy Market is really a cultural experience!!

I still cannot get over the buckets of marinated fishes!! I can understand about pickled veggies but a whole fish?? Now I am going to ask my Russian coworkers how they eat those?! They just looks super fishy!

There are so many different products which I never see before.. all in Russian which I have no idea what they are...and all those loose candies...

As a non Europeans/Russians/Ukrainians, I looked lost and stood out like a sore thumb.. But it proves how authentic Yummy Market is!!"
"This Starbucks is quite conveniently located at the Dufferin and Steeles. I usually love Starbucks but maybe I just having one of those bad days..??

The staffs here are nice, cheerful and perky. Coffee are ok... 

I even found a table at the back with electric outlets but ....

This is just such a awful view looking out of those dirty/muddy windows with all these garbage bins lining up....7 of those!!

The speakers right on top of my head plumbing out music.... making me feel so tense and just could not concentrate on anything... damn forgot the ear plugs at home!

It is just one of those days....

Drinking the Dark Roast Black is not helping...."
"I would not really say it is Hotpot but more like Japanese concept of nabemono 鍋物 but with a twist.  When outside is cold and feels like summer never going to arrive, eating at Hopo Fusion Style Hotpot is just so comforting.

The option in having individual order as I can pick what I want without the need to share with my dinner mate is just so good. I love my Spicy.. extreme spicy. So this is the place I can order whatever I enjoy without worrying as my dinner mates can pick what they enjoy. 

Spicy Beef Soup ($12.99) and Sukiyaki Beef ($9.99) with a selection of ingredients. A lot of vegetables which my dinner mate really enjoyed. 

The portion is just perfect for me.

Check for daily weekday specials for $9.99. 

And I will be back for more."
"Chocolate Fondue.... Skip everything... go straight to the Chocolate Fondue with a shot of liquor ($6) at The Melting Pot!

For $18/2 and additional $9 per person...You can share a ""To Die For"" Dark Chocolate fantasy with your friends and love ones! Strawberries, Pineapples, Marsh mellows, Cheese Cake, Crackers... 

I did try out other things at The Melting Port... but I found especially for the Main course entrees we had, they were kind of disappointing.

The Shrimp & Sirloin ($26)
The French Quarter ($29) - best of the ones we ordered as the spices gave them a good kick
The Seafood Trio ($28) - Small pieces of Ahi Tuna, Salmon and Shrimps..really small portion
The Land & Sea ($28)

The above all came with a Side Salad... The salad are just Meh.... 

The sauces came with as dipping, not really helping in enchancing the taste or experience.... 

I do love the set up of the restaurant. The booths have a lot of privacy...and they also have private rooms if you want to have a little party?

The staffs are friendly and wonderful.

I probably come back just to have Fondues... and more Fondues... And be in a Cheese and Chocolate Coma...and fight with my friends with my little fondue fork... over a bottle of wine!!"
"If you are looking for cheap lunch, Senbazuru Sushi Bar is the place to be.

Lunch Specials from $5.99 does includes a miso soup. Don't expect much quality here though as this price point. You will be full but not happy. At least I was not!

L5 Assorted Tempura Udon in Soup ($5.99) reminds me of something I would made at home. The udon is way overcooked but the tempura is not that bad

Sushi and Maki Set ($13.99) fish not the freshest and definitely not something I would be back for!

The waitress are just grumpy here! Smile a little might help?!

I don't think I will be back to Senbazuru, nothing here really worth a repeat visit!"
"Came back to Lemon Tree and have the Malaysian Style Rice Noodle ($8) for a late lunch and totally disappointed.

My noodles just swimming in an ocean of oil........ a dish of oiliness with hardly any taste...... definitely not Malaysian style...  

I wiped my oil mouth and I don't think I will be back."
"I am giving Guu SakaBar a second chance.. not because I have such a good experience the first time, but my Yelp Blogger Friend has never been to any Guu??!! How can that be? This has to be corrected and change! I willing to risk not getting any of food like my first visit just to make sure YBF has a taste of Guu.

Sunday 4:30 pm..coming in when it opens, I think I can for sure get in without waiting and have fast services since we would be the first and the few that would eat that early!

Services excellent!! Our waitress speaks perfect English with a cute Japanese accent and everything I said she would said FOR SURE with a big big smile.. For Sure I am impressed!!

Ume Mojito ($6.50) - still weak.. 
Sake Mojito ($6.50)
Magutata ($6.80)
Okonomiyaki ($6.20)
Uzurano Tamago ($1.90)X2
Salmon Natto Yukke ($6.80)
Amaebi ($6.80) - Fresh sweet shrimps!
Renkon ($1.90)
Matcha Cheese Cake ($4)
Goma Zukushi ($5) - yummy!!

Everything we ordered came in a timely manners..and all delicious but not too memorable.

Since we were here when the restaurant was only 1/4 full, it really lack the atmosphere of Izakaya but it is not really Guu's fault... But I should be used to be eating at half empty restaurants..."
"If you live in the Richmond Hill area near Yonge and 16th, I definitely suggest you come by and pick up some fresh and locally grown farm products.

Fresh peaches so sweet just harvested last week. Or you need some fresh basil to give a kick to your special dish you preparing!

Tomatoes as big as my hand and of course all the berries and cherries that are in season!

Baked goods (cupcakes), fresh eggs, honey, handmade soap..oh and even scooters!! (I want that pink flashy one!)

Open Wednesdays and Sundays from May  to October Rain or Shine!"
"Sushi Mori used to be Est West.. I definitely miss Est West!

The menu is 80% sushi, rolls, bento box and some Japanese dishes, while the rest are Korean dishes.

Chirashi ($14.99) was a little disappointing! The Shari rice was overly sour and has  mushy texture. The fish is just acceptable, I definitely have much better quality and selection. 

Miso Soup, Salad and Korean banchan were served as appetizers ensured that I won't be hungry but it really affect my taste buds when it was the time I started eating my raw fish.

But what really caught my eyes in the menu were LIVE octopus, Sea Cucumber, Sea Squirt and Abalone! I have been looking for Sannakji in Toronto since I have a taste when I was in Queens, NY. 

So when am I going to have some moving, squirming, sucking octopus?

PS The seafood are fresh.. as they are all swimming and alive in the fish tanks right at the entrance!"
"Newest Yoga Tree location! 

Spacious and Sparkling new!

2 huge practice rooms: hot and non heated. So if you do prefer having that option, you would be quite happy with the varieties of the classes.

Lockers with self selected combinations no longer located inside the change rooms, but in a good way as at least the woman change room is much much more spacious!

There is also a lounge in the front where you can chill before or after classes with a cup of hot tea!

Free class for everyone the first week during grand opening, good way to try out the studio without any commitment!"
"This is one of the cleanest and most organized No Frills in the area. 

Though it does not carries a lot of ethnic food or have a lot of varieties, I always able to pick up most of the staple goods I need here.

The fruits and vegetables are always fresh and the staffs makes sure that the rotten ones are not left on the shelf.

Parking never been a problem as it has it's own parking lot.

Just another boring and reliable grocery store."
"I really enjoy what D Bar offers.

A sophisticated but laid back atmosphere if you want to meet up with friends for a drink or a little snack. 

Spacious and have seating option for single, small groups or even some sectional sofas that can comfortably seat a group of 8-10 people.

On a weekday night, D Bar was not overcrowded but I can imagine how busy it can be on a weekend. The lighting is cozy, the background music is light and the service is attentive.

The drinks are reasonable priced when one remembers this is inside Four Seasons Hotel, with cocktails starting from $13 and beers at $8.50. The Mojoito I have was quite decent, sweetened with lavender syrup and nicely presented.

Dessert though a little disappointing. The Hazelnut  Gateau ($9) and Warm Madeleines ($9) are both good but not memorable.

I will be back to D Bar for a drink or 2 if I am in the area, can't wait for the outdoor patio to open when it is warm out!"
"One of the 2 locations of Starbucks in the Yorkville Area.

The patio on the side is quite nice during the summer... and the flower baskets looks great!

Not as much action or people watching opportunity as the other location which is in the heart of Yorkville. Great if you want to just chill and get some work done.

Just North of Bay Subway Station great to hop in and out for a quick coffee! or a Quick Yelp Check in!! :)"
"Nonna's Oven might be one of the better place if you want family style Italian food. The menu specializes in salad, pasta, pizza and sandwich.

There are quite a selection of pizza all made fresh when order and great for sharing. 

We came on a Sunday evening and the place was quite busy. We were seated right away without the need to wait for a table.

American Pizza, Tomato Salad and Penne with Arriabiatta were all enjoyable. The Lava Cake with Ice Cream was not as good as I expected and the cake was overcooked and dry outside but chocolate filling has not melted.

Service was so so. Maybe more waitstaff needed on a busy night?"
"Golf Season is upon us and I think I better work on my drive and short game so I will be ready for the season.

Within Range is a brand new driver range that opened last August in the Markham/Richmond Hill Area. Being new the equipment and facilities are all in good condition, especially the grass tee area. Of course you can always practice your drive on the mats too.

Since they are relatively new, they still working on putting in the putting area and in the future even a mini golf area for you to work on your putting.

Memberships and golf lessons also available. 

If you just want to go hit some balls, they also have both left and right hand clubs that are free to borrow!!

Staff is super friendly and helpful. 

I can't wait to hit some balls!!!!!!"
"Finally got the chance to go to Johnny's Hamburgers and grab a burger for lunch. 

Maybe after reading all these reviews I came with high expectation and was a little disappointed.  The Hamburger ($3.05) I order is ok... not too bad but I definitely have much better one! I found the patty does not have a lot of bite. The bun did not toasted enough so it got a little soggy by the time I eat that. The cooked onion as one of the free toppings is a nice touch if you like onions...

Onion Rings ($2.10) is A-OK. The batter is light and was not too greasy.

BTW, they do have lunch specials for $5.24 Monday to Friday 11:00-3:00 pm will get you a burger/fries/drink.

I did get a really good smiling service... the guy that took my order even trying to practise his limited Chinese with me :) and they were all really friendly. Maybe because the place was not too busy when I was there?

Will I go again?? Maybe... since I find the lunch special is quite a good deal and it is good to have a change from eating Asian food all the time! :)"
They are closed! Replaced by Yokozuna http://www.yelp.ca/biz/yokozuna-japanese-noodle-eatery-scarborough#hrid:zjLEG019r5oyOdfx7VZxnw
"Nine Up Sushi is a newly opened Chinese owned Japanese restaurant in the Scarborough area. 

Yes there are numerous Japanese places up in Scarborough.. and all these AYCE places. What makes Nine Up Sushi special is the concept of Conveyor Belt. 

This is not something that is new, there are quite a few like Fune downtown (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/fune-japanese-restaurant-toronto) that has similar concept.. but it is nice to see new business that willing to spend the time and effort to distinguished itself from others in the Scarborough area. 

Being brand new with no advertisements, my friend drove by the other day and decide to come here to try it out. 

Here you have a choice to order from the regular menu or just grab your own from the conveyor belt. All the dishes are colour coded starting from $1.95 to 5.95. The selections on the belt is quite limited since the restaurant just opened and not too busy.. it is hard for them to have to many selections on the belt and make sure it is fresh the same time. 

Sashimi: Salmon ($4.75) /Hamachi ($5.95)/Octopus ($4.25) 
Sushi: Scallops ($3.50)/Salmon ($2.95) 

They all tasted A-OK. 

The seatings though is pretty strange.. basically you are facing a partition no matter where you sit if you are at the conveyor belt... Why do I have to look at the partition... if they would have the seats adjust to face the sushi chefs or a view of the restaurant that will be a more enjoyable experience. 

Services here is nice and friendly... all the staffs here are young and polite and extremely attentive. 

Price points wise, Nine Up Sushi is not bad.. but when in Scarborough with all these cheaper Japanese Chinese or Korean owned restaurants or AYCE .. Nine Up will be facing really tough competition!! 

Right now they are having 10% off Grand Opening Specials."
"I was expected to be WOW by Spirit Tree Cider during my most recent visit, but I was so impressed by their other produces.

Fresh Baked Good from the Wood Fired Oven is just amazing: Artisan Bread, Tarts, Scones, Cookies and more. The ingredients used so fresh and seasonal. Highly recommend their Scones: the rhubarb scone was stuffed with fresh rhubarb with the sourness balanced with sprinkled coarse sugar. 

Jams with seasonal fruits. And even a house made Thai hot sauce with apple as one of the ingredients.

Cider: Sweet or Sparkling. And don't forget to pick up some hard cider, as only their Spirit Tree Draught is available at LCBO. 

Great place to visit if you are a ""cider"" fan, but Spirit Tree Estate Cidery has a lot to offer!"
"Asia Station inside Market Village has just rebranded itself to a Hong Kong Style Cafe Restaurant called ABC.

Just like typical HK cafe, customer here looking for value, speed and variety.

Breakfast does have a good selection of Chinese and Western options. But for Afternoon Tea, there is only a limited menu mainly of Soup Noodle and Sandwich set from $4.99-$6.50.

Taiwanese Style Beef Stew Sliced Noodle in Soup ($5.99) has nothing really Taiwanese about it aside from the name. Beef Brisket though quite tender and plentiful. The noodle though was kind of sad as it is soft and doughy without the al dente mouth feel. Toppings of mushroom and seaweed was atypical for Taiwanese noodle.

For $5.99 it was not a bad deal as for an afternoon snack. 

Customer service was meh. One of the waitress made me seat at a table in the middle with a whole trolley of dirty dish beside it. I was waiting for them to push it to the back away from the sights of customers. But after they gave me my watered down hot water/tea and menu and after she took my order, it was still right there next to me. I finally have to ask her to move it away.........

Cash only."
"I have been a CAA member for a long long time and have been visiting the CAA branch up in the Markham area for my travel needs: 

- maps (yes I need something in paper in case my GPS not working) 
- International driver licence (yes I need that if I want to drive in Europe or Asia) 
- passport photos (huh, they do that too but costco probably cheaper) 
- discount movie tickets ($9 or so adult admission) 
- discount amusement tickets in US and Canada 

The staffs here are nice.. especially that gentleman that served me the other day when I was picking up a map for NYC. 

""when are you going?"" 
""tomorrow!"" 
""Aren't you excited?"" 
""yes!"" 
""Cupcakes!! You have to go cupcakes!"" 

Then he started telling me where to get the best cupcakes in Manhattan... Maybe he is a natural yelper too.. or maybe I just have that cupcake looks in my eyes!"
"2.5 Star 

I always believe in giving restaurant a second chance. This review though is based on my dinner experience.

Menu is like a photo album with really nice photos of dish they serves. Fun to browse through and seems like there are so many to choose from.

Honey Pepper Beef with Broccoli ($11.95) and Rice with Shrimp and Roe ($15.95) that we ordered were both disappointing. Both lack the balance in taste. The beef tasted bland while the broccoli was over salty. The steamed rice was good portion wise but still lack flavour. 

The complimentary soup and dessert (bird nest w/milk) though were quite good! Maybe I should just come in for the freebie?"
"Japanese Souffle Pancakes trending.

Hanabusa Cafe is the second cafe I tried out these pancakes, so my experience is limited. 

I do like the set up of the cafe. You order and pay first and the waitress would show you the table. When your order is ready, it will be delivered according to the order number.

I found the waitstaff super nice and always have this friendly cute smile (+0.5). But how was the pancakes? They were light and fluffy and the portion was perfect for sharing.

I love how they have the open kitchen in the front and you can watch how they make the pancakes. Now I am tempted to make some at home myself too! Hopefully, they will be as fluffy and jiggly as what serves at Hanabusa Cafe."
"What you cannot get at Tap Phong Trading Company down the street.. you can probably get them in B & J Trading Company!!

Love to browse around and look at all the junkie merchandises...

Great selections of incense.. Ommmmm 

I am ready for my yoga mediation sessions!"
"Prince of Seafood Restaurant sadly is not the prince I have been looking for all these time.

I was even brave enough to go in when I saw that ""Conditional"" Pass sign right at the door. Maybe it was the promise of cheap dim sum that made me walk through the door? $2.10 for every size (S/M/L) on weekdays definitely is a good deal.

The portion is decent as I only need to order 3 items and I was full with some leftover to pack away from snack later.

Chiu Chow Dumplings, Siu Mai and Beef Rice Noodle Roll were all standard. Here at Prince, quantity over quality, as their patrons are mostly seniors citizens living in the surrounding condos wanting to have the best bang for their money.

Maybe when I retired, I will be hanging out here with my friends and feel right at home? But for now, I doubt I will be back!

BTW, their dinner menu is quite interesting with good seafood option: Singapore Black Pepper Crab and lobster for $9.99/lb?!"
"I am having this strange feeling... I am on a MISSION to try out all the Japanese restaurants in GTA... 

Which lead me to Rikishi Japanese Restaurant - a nice little restaurant... Super Friendly Smiley Waitress who kept asking me zillions of time if I ready to order... even when I told her we are a party of 3....and I sitting alone waiting....waiting.... waiting.... 

Love the separate Vegetarian Menu...It will make coming here with my Veggie Hot Date enjoyable as the questions of ""if any thing being harm to cook this dish?"" redundant. 

The Tapas style Appetizer were quite interesting... the one I like the most is the Renkon-hasamiage (Tempura style lotus roots). I felt like I am eating some comfort food... excellent texture and with a tad of sweetness... taste much better than Tempura Yam. 

Sushi Deluxe served the traditional way... the fresh fish went well with the shari rice... No funky strange rolls or sushi... solid nigiri sushi 

Spicy Salmon/Spicy Scallop Roll which was the only request Roma has for the night were nicely done! We ended up making her share her rolls with us and forced her to eat everything else but the Tako-sumisu (Octopus)... (at least this Octopus is not alive!! not moving...) 

Oshi Sushi with Salmon made me think of takeout food... small and compact and ready to go... all you need to do is pop it in your mouth whenever you desire... I wish the Chef would have cut that into smaller bite size pieces... 

Rikishi Japanese Restaurant is definitely a neighbourhood gem! Definitely give it a try if you are in the area!"
"My visit to Kula Yoga Studio using my Passport to Prana was quite pleasant!

Just love the spacious waiting area.. really comfortable set up with large floor to ceiling windows.

2 practice rooms one for heated and one for mostly Ashtanga classes always nice giving us choices in class.

The Hot Yoga class I attended with Live music was really inspiring as the acoustic guitar and the singer voice was so calming while I struggling with my handstand prep....

This location not only equipped with good facilities, it even has handicap facilities for one of the shower stalls... 

Lockers available brings your own lock.

Now I need to go back and work on my handstand...."
"3.5 Star for Chong Qing Legend Lunch Menu who is not offered during their dinner hour.

Chong Qing Legend with Chong Qing as one of the major City in Southwest China. One distinct trait of Chong Qing cuisine is that it is spicy and numbing and telling you that they are just that with their food they serves here.

Don Don Noodles ($4.50) is really spicy... the sauce has real Szechuan peppercorn and that brings tears in my eyes. Salty and savoury and HOT! The waitress even comment that she is surprised that I ate that hot... 

The freshly made Pan Fried Pork and Chives Dumplings ($3.50) still have soup fillings inside... served steaming hot and nice. 

The lunch menu offers all choices of Northern dim sums, appetizers and noodles. I have yet to try their Chong Qing Hot Pot during dinner, but it is not an AYCE option, as it can get pricey if you have a friend that can eat alot! 

Waitress invited me back and bring someone that can really eat spicy so I can try out their authentic Chong Qing hot soup base!!"
"Whole Foods Market inside Hazelton Lanes is a great place to browse around. Though everything seems more expensive, but it is in Yorkville and they carries only organic products both comes in a price tag.

I just love looking at all those neatly arranged colourful products in the fruits and vegetables sections. And those all marinated and ready to put in your grill or oven meat looks so fresh. Of course if you don't even want to turn on your stove, you can just get the precooked food and you have a wholesome meal!

The coffee section is one of the best I seen in all the food market I been to. You can buy beans in bulks and there are over 10 selections or pre packaged coffee, of course all the coffee beans are organic too.

Whole Foods Market was surprising busy on this Thursday early afternoon, so I guess price is not a factor for a lot of these people here.

But for now, I am back to my Chinese grocery stores and seeing what's on special this week!"
"Mr Congee serves more than Congee, just want to get that out of the way.

The menu is really extensive. A step up from Congee Queen as they even offers fresh lobsters and fish that are still swimming in the tank.

Here you do get value as the portion size is huge. Make sure you don't order too much! But you can always have leftovers as lunch the next day.

The quality of the food is quite standard in a good way. And everyone would find something they enjoy.

The interior is spacious and well laid out. High ceiling and comfortable seating. 

I would be back again for a late dinner (closes at 11 pm) or even afternoon tea special when I am in the area, There are not too many good decent restaurant in the area so Mr. Congee would be doing well."
"Funnel Cakes.... 

Just Steaks & Funnel Cakes might be my to go place if I cannot get my hand on one of those in Wonderland....

Made when ordered, the 6 inch ($5.99) is a perfect size for a snack. I like mine plain with just a touch of powder sugar and ice cream (they only have the healthy fro yo). Crispy outside and doughy inside. 

Think about that, I can probably have a 8 inch ($6.99) next time. Yes there is going to be a next time.

I just want Funnel Cakes!"
"I always enjoy shopping at Sheridan Nurseries. 

Great selections of plants, flowers and annuals. Prices might be a little bit more than supermarket/Walmart, but way better in quality and the plants are much healthier too.

Staffs are knowledgeable in helping in lawn care, tree maintenance and thus can recommend the right products and the necessary procedures in helping to solve your problems.

Free seminars on various topics in gardening: lawn care, evergreen, how to start a water garden... informative and inspiring...

BTW, love all the patio furniture here... I am dreaming about having a drink on one of those loungers underneath the star............."
"Tao Tea Leaf Ltd. has this awesome website! The best tea website where one can get all you want to know about tea. And you can order anything you can imagine to make your perfect cup of tea from their website. Free shipping for order over $50. (Now I sounded like one of those Spam yelp reviews!) +3 stars

But visiting the Tao Tea Leaf shop itself is kind of an anti-climax. Walk in on a Sunday afternoon and it is dead with no customers... that's fine but it is so uncomfortable when the lady followed us all over the store.... I am scared to touch anything afraid I might break them!

Note to lady: It will be nice if you would offer us some tea sample to try, which is a common practice at most tea shops...

This is the only teashop place that I would rather shop online then in person..which is quite unusual for me since I love to touch and smell what I buy!"
"Review based on Lunch Experience.

Luscious 5 have a really diverse menu that offers sushi, ramen, poke, pasta, burgers, Thai Curry, Hakka and more. I did get a little confused as what should I order?  what is good? 

Spaghettini Bolognaise ($11) Fresh herbs meat sauce top with fried egg
Not bad for the price. The fried egg gave this pasta a feel of  Hong Kong Cafe Style dish. Portion is adequate for a good lunch portion and it comes with a soup.

I was lucky to be here around 2 pm after the lunch rush. I can see how it would be a long wait for food and service when the place is packed.  

I would be back for again, maybe trying out other items on the menu. Maybe if I am brave enough, their sushi?"
"I haven't been back for quite awhile to Taylor's Landing and finally here for a revisit. Sadly the experience was totally different compared to before.

Saturday Night and our wait was less than 10 minutes for a table for 2 instead of 45 minutes across at Joey's. Maybe there's a reason?

Service was unorganized and our server was missing in action until we started complaining.  A mix up here and there with the service. We did finally get everything we needed and resolved.

Sausage Picante Pizza on super thin and crispy crust which I found it so so. My dinner mate ate all of that. Thanks for eating so no food was wasted!

It is kind of sad that they changed their menu to more generic offerings just like any franchise restaurants. Luckily the beer selections still decent if you want a craft beer."
"It is not really fair for me to write a review of The Spirit of Hockey. I do enjoy watching hockey.. but really not into buying any memorabilia or some cheap overpriced keepsake just because there is a NHL's team logo on it. 

Anyway, if you have a friend that into that... and he/she might enjoy something from here... 

But if you are from out of town hockey fan visiting, you will be really impressed to see all these hockey related merchandise all under one roof! 

Now go spend your money!! :)"
"Noodles is always good and I would suggest sticking with the noodles! The more spicy it is the better! But they do have the no spicy no numb version.

Come hungry if you want to challenge yourself with multiple free noodle refills!

$1 opening special was a good deal but I like my noodle with some protein so I would usually opt for the beef with potato noodles. 

Since it opens pretty late, not a bad option for late night eat."
"Brand new library!! Of course I am mighty excited!

A lot of green initiative and environmental friendly concepts has been integrated into the space. Love the colour theme too, so full of energy!

Smell of paint and brand new books! Shelves and shelves of them... 

A multi level parking garage!

Something in life that good can be free sometimes!

Free open Wifi for everyone...

But if you are into other language books, you would be disappointed, there are only 1 small shelf for other language right next to those hundred of Japanese comic books, maybe I should just read those instead...."
"Novita Italian Cuisine is a welcome replacement for Fire & Ice which had been around for years.

The interior is nicely redecorated to be a lot welcoming and brighter. The booth seating though can be a little tight (Maybe I put on some weight over the winter?). 

The menu has a lot of classic Italian dish. All look really promising and ended up we ordered the following to share:

Zuppa De Pesce ($9.95) Mixed seafood and fish in a tomato herb broth 
Vitello Marsala ($21.95) Tender Veal with wild mushrooms, dry Marsala wine and natural jus
Baby Spinach Salad ($10.95) Oven roasted tomato with goat cheese & tomato vinaigrette

Portion is huge and great for sharing with a group. Aside from that, I found it just lack in quality. It was a little painful to see how my veal was drowned in sauce. Most of the food did reminded me of ""American"" Italian food and that might be some people preference like my dinner mate.

The service was really attentive and it was a nice touch when the Chef came out of the kitchen and talked to us and making sure sure everything is OK.

I would definitely give Novita another try as they do have a Happy Hour on weekday."
"The Brickyard Bistro is an everything cafe which everyone wish they have one of those in the neighbourhood.

7:30 am - Get your caffeine fix and maybe a pastry to start your day
10:00 am - 3 pm Breakfast/Lunch/Brunch whatever you like to call it alone or with your friends
3 pm - Time for a coffee or tea break! or maybe a beer or 2 from local craft breweries
5 pm on - Early dinner or a pre dinner cocktails?! I heard Farm to Table: fresh ingredients and VQA wines to pair

All I have to say their brunch/lunch menu is interesting. We loved the dish we ordered. Unpretentious, excellent plating and just tasty.

PULLED DUCK HASH ($14)
Pulled duck confit with mushroom, arugula and two poached eggs
-Amazing potatoes! Eggs perfectly poached. 

LONDON FOG FRENCH TOAST ($11)
Croissant based Bread Pudding in the style of French Toast with Whiskey Creme Anglaise, Blueberry sauce and fruit
- I was sold on that croissant based bread pudding! And the sauce was so smooth and rich without too sugary!

They also collaborates with different wineries offerings pairings on a monthly bases. And don't forget to check out their specials offers during the week!"
"I am so excited when I found out that Jatujak Thai will be opening up in North East Scarborough! Now I can go eat Thai food every week?!

This location is huge as it is really 2 units combined into one. The decor is classy and chic. I love all these Thai cultural decorations: puppets and kites.

Lunch Special till 3 pm! I just could not resist a lunch special from $8.95. I ordered a Chicken Pad Kee Mao but they put the order in wrong and I ended up with a Chicken Pad Thai. No big deal as the Chicken Pad Thai is tasty too!

Pro Tips: I would probably won't be upgrading to the Combo for extra $3.75. The salad was meh but the vegetarian spring roll was pipping hot!

And I know I will be back."
"Brett's Ice Cream has this cute set up! Even the standalone building itself is just screams cuteness!

On a hot summer day, the ice cream mural just looks so inviting and hard to resist. I can imagine everyone walked by would love to get a treat.

Nice selection of flavours. The decision process could be hard to just pick one or 2 flavour.

Salted Caramel and Lavender Blueberry probably my favourite out of the 4 I tried.

The interior is really pretty with good lighting and set up for that perfect IG food photos."
"Cheese Please.

I hope you like Cheese and the strong aroma of cheese. 

The moment I stepped inside the store, I was overwhelmed! I almost wanted to turn around and run out of the store. But I glad I stayed as La Fromagerie Hamel is more than just cheese. 

A lot of ingredients and condiments offerings. The best and one stop store to get a Charcuterie Board customized by your own preference.

Make sure to check out their imported gourmet items from France and from other countries around the World. And yes, they even have SOMA chocolate from Toronto too!

Must visit for food loving people!"
"Osmow's has been popping up everywhere and one of them finally popped up in my neighbourhood.

Since I arrived around 12:15 pm, the meat grilling on the vertical spit just looks impressive! 

Since everyone recommending Chicken on the Rock, I decided to just follow their advice. And of course Extra Hot for me.

A large is good enough to feed 2 of us as a light lunch. I like the bounciness of the rice (rock). The chicken is a little dry but since it was drowned in sauce, it really not much an issue.

Not bad for a quick eat but I might ask for half sauce next time so I can at least taste the chicken more."
"This Maple Leaf Lounge is located inside Domestic Departure area in YYC. I don't really route through Calgary so this is the first time I ever visit this lounge.

I was there late afternoon and the lounge was packed. Maybe it is just a small space to start with? 

Food selection is minimal and I did not really expect much from Maple Leaf Lounge anyway.

This would be a pass unless you can get in for free."
"A full service sit down restaurant on top of Tsujiri Tea Shop. 

We came for dessert and some tea! Those Matcha Souffle Pancakes so good. Bouncy and airy, just like marsh mellows.

Love the simple and cozy decor. It makes me feels like I am in a modern tea shop in Japan.

So I guess I have to come back and try their Soba next? It is a Soba Bar after all."
"3.5 Star

This review is based on my Dim Sum experience.

Lobster Port No1 is one of the newer upscale Chinese restaurant that open recently in Richmond Hill. Their menu remind me of Yu Seafood. They offers lunch seafood combo of lobster/king crab at a reasonable price (not cheap but everything is relative!) 

The tables here are set up quite close to each other as the interior is quite small. Moving around can be challenging especially for the wait staff who constantly bummed into each other. 

Dim Sum selection is quite standard. Most of the items we ordered was a hit. I like how careful make and how thoughts were put into the items. Some might have too much MSG or a tad more salty but still acceptable.

Service was attentive and the staff was friendly.

Love the tea set up here with the candle keeping it warm. The tea is of decent quality which worth paying for the per person tea charge."
"You do need to order Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup when you visit Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup & Bibimbap.

Koyro Samgeytang ($15.99) uses 30 day ""young"" chicken from a local farm up in Orangeville was really tender. The ginseng flavour is quite subtle so even if you don't like the smell or taste of ginseng, give this a try. Chicken Ginseng Soup supposed to be good for your health and consume especially during the hottest day of the year. But for me, any day is good for some soup especially when it is cold and snowy out!

Beef Bone Soup with Rice Cake and Dumplings ($9.99) has a nice a dedicate flavour. The broth was quite sweet, so season it accordingly. 

Service was attentive and our waitress is just so nice and pleasant. 

Highly recommended if you want to have good quality authentic Korean Food. BTW, in Korean, they do give you a complimentary bottle of ginseng wine. :)"
"What better to write about Food that I love the most for my 600th Yelp review. (BTW, this is also my 1st anniversary review since I wrote my first ever Yelp review on November 11, 2009 when all these Yelp Madness started!)

Yes I love Japanese food, especially something that is authentic. Not traditional but authentic in the spirit of the art of Japanese cooking! 

In the sense that the chefs spends a lot of time and effort to: 
- try to buy the freshest and the most seasonal ingredients 
- perfect the process of food preparation 
- paying attention to details 
- make the presentation a work of art 
- understand serving the end product with people that appreciated is their goal 

Shinobu Sushi is really the ONE! Love the small, intimate set up. The chef is the one that prepare every single order which ensure that everything that Shinobu serves are up to his standard. 

I have to say the sushi rice is the best I have in Toronto. That alone blow my mind away. Now I don't really want to eat those crappy rolls/sushi in other places... don't tell me that it is the same as AYCE. 

The Volcano Rainbow Roll ($8.90) is so awesome. I know using the blow torch is something more westernized but it does give the roll a really complex taste... 

The quality and the cut of the Sashimi is amazing... and with the fresh wasabi..(thanks GOD no tube thing!) oh so melt in your mouth orgasmic experience! (gee I don't believe I wrote that!) 

The price is reasonable so compatible to other Korean/Chinese Sushi place I have been too. Extra +1 stars! I hate pretentious places that charging people stupid prices for their food!

Shinobu Sushi is one of the few Japanese restaurants which I will say ""I AM IN!"" when someone ask me to go for dinner! 

*Thanks my Food Crawl Buddy  for including this little gem in our mega Food Crawl!"
"Came back for a banquet dinner with 40 tables set up. I came with low expectation and Gold Mark 1.5 star rating still stand.

I didn't expect the food to be excellent as it is just not possible for the Kitchen to prepare so many dish with good quality in one seating. 

Most of the dish that night was just passable. I feel sorry for the rubbery overcooked lobsters. But I don't believe they even bother serving the taro tapioca soup dessert burnt!!! Maybe that's a new smokey version? 

Service though friendly but the wait staff just overwhelmed. When she served one of  dish with one hand and ended up split 20% of the deep fried soft shelled crab on the table.

Gold Mark is still a pass for me for both dim sum and dinner.

But if you want to have a large restaurant that can do a banquet at a reasonable price, they may able to do that. Just don't invite me, I won't be coming."
"I was surprised how convenient this Courtyard Marriott is if you have to stay in Vaughan.

If you have a car, it is just minutes away from 400 and 407. Or if you need to get to tourist attractions: Vaughan Mills and Canada's Wonderland, all you need to is to walk to Jane Street and take a bus north. And if you want to take TTC downtown, it is also walking distance to TTC Vaughan Metropolitan Station.

Being in a Retail Entertainment Complex: Ikea just right across from the parking lot and there are also pubs and restaurants if you don't want to venture too far.

The hotel itself had a complete facelift includes all guest rooms and common area. My room with 2 Queens was spacious and well appointed.

I would stay here again for a Staycation in Vaughan."
"I don't expect too much at a food court inside Yorkdale. But Mii Sandwich exceeded my expectations!

Ordered from Ritual Co was simple and I like how I can adjust the sauce and the spiciness of the banh mi. Very Hot please (Thai Chili+Jalapenos).

Lemongrass Chicken Sandwich ($8.49) the baguette was lightly toasted. The chicken was tender and moist and it was packed with pickled carrots and vegetables. It was a decent size for a light lunch.

Logon Ice Tea ($3.00) I did not enjoyed as much. I probably would skip that next time. 

My order was ready to pick up as promised and it was a good experience. Mii Sandwich is a good choice if you want some Vietnamese food while shopping at Yorkdale."
"Rose Cafe's Banh mi taste so GOOD!! Why? 

The baguette is one of the reason. Even packed in a plastic bag for 3 hours before I ate that, it tasted still so fresh, crispy outside soft and bouncy inside... hmmm carbs carbs!!

BBQ pork made fresh to order! Nice and friendly lady making my sandwich! Priced cheaply at $2 (tax in!)!!

There are also tons of vietnamese desserts and other goodness.....

What a nice and cute charming Vietnamese cafe! :P"
"I do hope you have a sweet tooth!

Cafe Login has so many different yummy desserts: Rahier's Cake, Young's Macarons, Korean Bingsu and more! 

Service is self served as you ordered from the counter and grab a table.

We were here around 12 pm on a weekday so there were still tons of macarons on display! Lucky me!

I would love to come back and try some of their fermented fruit teas and some Korean sweet potato latte!"
"Picko Lime earned that extra 0.5 star for my recent visit!

I really enjoyed the items I ordered this time especially the pork patties which has this nice homemade taste!

Service was fast and friendly. I love how the Chef coming out from the Kitchen and checking and talked to patrons and making sure everyone enjoyed his cooking!"
"This is not your typical Starbucks location. 

A brand new Starbucks location in Scarborough where Tim Horton's rule! A Starbucks that has the newest Clover Coffee Making Machine with a Choice of Starbucks Reserve?! It is just hard to believe how could that had happened?! 

Single Original or Blends individually brewed on the Clover Machine is $2.50 to $3.00 for a Tall or Grande. A fair price for the experience especially if you are on the road and just could not have the regular pre brewed coffee.

West Java Preanger Starbucks Reserve with just a slight note of Chocolate was prepared when ordered. It did take around 10 minute to be ready but worth the wait. 

And of course, I will be back."
"I am writing this review for Truly Thai Cuisine based on their Lunch Specials!

$6.99 for a lunch with either a spring roll or soup of the day! There are different items to choose from.. curry, noodle, rice dishes! That is just awesome. Plus you can pay $1 extra to get both the soup and spring roll.. trust me you won't regret that!

Soup of the Day - Pumpkin Soup
- Can I say I consider Pumpkin Soup as a dessert? Especially Truly Thai versioin.. the soup is so thick with tons of fresh pumpkin puree... Though I did not order that, I do have an urge to eat the whole thing by myself after 1 taste... :) 

Spring Roll
- Love how it is fresh fried! So steamy hot inside filled with Mushrooms, carrot, cabbages, onions, and glass noodle... oh yummmy..
BTW, I hate those supermarket packaged type where a lot of places served

Pad Thai Woon Sen 
- Stir-fried glass noodles with mix vegetables, eggs, onions, mushrooms in Thai special sauce with tiger shrimp and chicken breast 
- nice big shrimps, really good value as a lunch special
- glass noodle to cramped together... I would suggest just order their pad thai noodle version will be a better choice

Spicy Beef with Rice
-  Stir-fried sliced tender beef with red curry sauce, basil leaves, bamboo shoots, green beans, red peppers, carrots. 
- Right level of spiciness and the red curry sauce goes really well with the rice! 
- The star shaped rice ball so cute! The dish so nicely presented!

Interior are nicely decorated with good dim lighting and dark wooden colour furnitures... and nice touch with the fresh flowers on the tables!

Great value for lunch! Nice friendly service! A to go place if you are in the area working or shopping! :)"
"I visit Saigon Star again because of the Pho-bruary. This review is regarding their Pho.

I can tell Saigon Star did not put in much effort in preparing their Pho at all. There is no depth in their broth at all. Just some soup based laced with MSG. There is only 1 size $6.50 for the lunch order. I would said that it is a medium size when compare to other restaurants. The noodle is fresh noodle. I have a piece of lemon instead of a lime....

I have to say this Pho is a Cantonese version of vietnamese food. 

My advice is NOT to order Pho if you go Saigon Star!"
"My experience at Lamesa Filipino Kitchen had changed my conception of Filipino food forever....

I have my share of Filipino food from food court, hot tables and even home cooked meals... but a Chef tasting menu, that really something I want to try!

Mother Day's Brunch at $25 that includes 5 tasting courses or you have a choice to order everything a la carte. With the help of my sweet waitress equipped with an ipad, I decided on the following dishes

First Course - Chef's Amuse
- Congee served in a spoon... with pieces of chicken
- nicely presented, A-OK but not amazing

Second Course - Pulutan
- Green Mango & Daikon Salad with a bagoong caramel
- sweet mango VS bitter Daikon VS salty shrimp paste caramel reduction
- a complex interesting taste

Third Course - Chef's Mid-Course
- Spring roll with a vinegar dip
- fresh and hot... bite size portion
- wish it is a little more

Fourth Course - Ulam
- Pork  Longanisa Silog with 2 Fried eggs over Garlic Fried Rice
- Perfect dish for brunch.. the eggs are fried with a super crispy bottom but the yolk still runny...
- Home made pork patties with vinaigrette dipping grilled to perfection..a little sweetness, a little sourness and a little spiciness.. love the taste of grilling!

Fifth Course - Dessert
- Coffee and Pandesal Bread Pudding
- Served warm with a great dolce de leche sauce

For the sweet that comes with my bill is a Polvoron, a home made milk powder candy!!

The menu is well balanced with Filipino, Spanish and Chinese influence. The deco and the music here also reflect the Spanish influence.

Services here is one of the best I experienced for a long time. 

The menu changes everyday, check their website for updates.. but trust me, there will be something that everyone would enjoy doesn't matter when you dine!

Lamesa's Chef Tasting Menu for dinner is $35... maybe I need to come back for that?!"
"hmmm hmmmm nom nom nom... 

Stuffing my face with All Star Burger ($5.95) with all the condiments and onions falling everywhere... that's the enjoyment of eating this sloppy burger alone. 

The beef has so much bite and it is thick..so it still stay moist and juicy inside. Just love the charcoaled marks on my meat!!!

Golden Star's All Star Burger is sure an All Star in my burger list! 

The interior does have a certain charm... dated.. and familiar... And even the guys that fix my burger looks perfectly retro in his blue uniform... 

Cash only!"
"3 + 0.5 star for value

I do love noodles. Freshly hand made noodle cooked al dente with the perfect chewiness definitely my favourite. 

Big Beef Bowl Hand-Pulled Noodle may not be the best noodle in town but at this price point, I am not complaining! A bowl of large ($8.99) and regular ($7.99) noodle a flat rate for whatever soup base and protein. Just a note, their soup base is more a really light broth with a clean taste. 

We also ordered Chicken Wings ($2.99) and Spicy Tripes ($5.99) which were both tasty.

If you are in the neighbourhood and love some noodles, I highly recommended giving them a try."
"Zakkushi is surprisingly good. 

Love the Sake Combo ($9.99) and Shochu Combo ($9.99) great value since each orders comes with 3 different appetizers. Next time I want to have the Sapporo Combo!

Love the grilled items that we ordered:
Liver ($1.60) Gizzard ($1.90) Heart ($1.60) Teba ($1.90)

Love the deep fried Nankotsu ($4.60), chicken tender bone perfect to go with drinks and my favourite pub food

I would not order Mentai Potato ($1.80) again.

Love the atmosphere and the vibe at Zakkushi! Good food reasonable price drinks. Though it is a little out of the way, but it is worth to come here for a drink with friends and have some fun!!"
"Sometimes coffee just would not do it! On a hot summer afternoon, I need a cold pint of beer!

Tequila Bookworm is just a perfect place for me when I want a quick pint or even linger a little longer to use their wifi and Yelp a little.

Love the chalkboard that tells me exactly what's available on tap (all priced at $7) instead of asking for the lone bartender what's available. Though there are only 10 selections but that's a lot better than other business! 

The music though was a little loud even during afternoon and no AC so can be quite muggy on a hot summer day."
"I have been going to La Grotta on Main for years. Service is a hit and miss, especially on Saturday nights.. which I really suggest you to avoid.

My most recent visit was on a Sunday when there were only 2 tables including us and with 1 waiter and we received excellent and friendly services.

They do have dinner special set menu for either $30 or $40 person which includes an appetitizer/main/dessert. Unfortunately, since I am using one of those deals, so I have to order from the regular menu.

Seafood Pasta always excellent and the mussels were meaty and fresh!! Veal Parimigiana was nice and tender and moist! 

Nice waiter more than happy to cut up a mega piece of Tiramisu for us to serve..  However, the roast for the Cafe Latte is just a little weak for my taste.

The deco is nice and pleasing... but one might feel catastrophic because the ceiling is quite low and not too many windows... but it does feel cozy though!

Accept all credit cards!!"
"I have heard so much about Windsor Arms Hotel Tea Room. And when my friend invited me to join her to a 3:00 Afternoon Tea date?! I AM IN!!

- Services really lacking from the hostesses.

While I announced our presences for our reservations to one of the hostesses, all I got was a cold response to have a seat and wait. And while other patrons that came after me have the same 3:00 pm slot reservation got seated right away?! This happened twice and finally I decided to check in with the other hostess and got seated right away! 

- Services really lacking from the waiter.

For an traditional English Afternoon Tea experience, services is really important. I expect nothing but top notch services.. but just something is lacking. Waiter is a little condescending. Services need to be a lot more refined!

- Tea room Set up needs improving

The tables are set too closely together. The tiled floors is not suitable for a tea room as whenever someone gets up or moves the chairs, the noise can be unbearable with the chairs scarping the floor. 

- Food is really meh

Sandwiches are soggy and the bread got crushed into a doughy piece of roll. Petite 4 just way way too sweet. Scones are not bad with the jams and clotted cream. 

Loose tea leaves selections though is very good.  I love my Russian Caravan which is bold, strong, smokey and have a great body. 

For what Windsor Arms charging for their Afternoon Tea, I am definitely a little disappointed with the experience. There are definitely plenty of room for improvement!"
"Pamer Me Heat-to-Toe Spa was lucky on the day I visited...

I love dogs.. I am not scare of big dogs.. I don't freak out when I see puppies pee on the floor.. I won't blink if puppies play fight.. I won't get upset when one of my smelly flip flops was used as a chew toy...

All the above happened when I was doing my pedicure... 

I was lucky enough that the 2 ladies that runs Pamper Me Head-To-Toe Spa decided that the day I suppose to enjoy my spa get away as a ""Take Your Doggie to Work"" day.

Aside from the little doggie episode.. the treatment was ok.. I had better.. but since using one of the Teambuy coupons at a discount rate, i am not complaining.

The half body massage was quite relaxing.. as I had a break from the playful puppies.. and can relax a little.

Spa? With 2 playful huge doggies?

I should be lucky they were not 2 toddlers screaming and crying their heads off!

I should be lucky I am not working on Wednesdays as Teambuy's voucher is only redeemable for treatment on Wednesday 10 AM.. no other day or time available...  What if people has to work??"
"La Sani Grill is a good place for lunch. Yes lunch specials from $3.99 includes a bottle water or a can of pop!!

I like the way it is set up. Kind of like a mix of food court and sit down restaurant but no tips is neccessary. Just to to the counter and place your offer and they will have the food deliver to your table. 

The Butter Chicken and Naan/side salad ($6.99) tasted great! The Naan bread is made freshly and still hot, tender and full of texture and flavour. It tasted so good to be dip in and eat with the Butter Chicken sauce. The chicken breast has been marinated first then grilled, (I can tasted the smokey flavour) and cooked in makhni sauce and garnished with white butter, fresh cream and fenugreek leaves. The chicken is really tender and the sauce is not spicy when I was eating it. But I can feel it is burning in my stomach afterwards!

The great thing about eating here is all the food are serve on real plate and cutley... not foam plate or plastic forks/knives!

There are over 13 choices for lunch specials, I will definitely be back to try out others on the menu!

They accepts Visa, Mastercard and Interac."
"A last minute decision as we were staying at Delta Toronto a 2 minute walk from our hotel!

Love the drink list: wine, beer, cocktails. A great place to have a drink with snacks. 

We seated by the bar area, so one of the bartenders was serving us. We were checked on frequently and the service was attentive.

Food was ok, quite standard and did not wow me. I though will come back or a night cap if I am in the area."
"3.5 Star

Picko Lime serves more than Pho and Bun which is more for casual eats. I like how the menu is versatile that includes other items that might not find in a regular Vietnamese joint.

Ch Cá Lã Vng - Hanoi Style Pan Seared Cat Fish? 
Bún Ch Cá - Cat Fish in Tamarind Broth?

The meat they used in their Pho are Sirloin Beef which is of better cut that does reflect in higher pricing.

So for some that are willing to pay a little more for a better dining experience: environment, deco and plating. Picko Lime is the place to be compare to other Vietnamese restaurants in the same plaza. 

Mc Chiên - Calamari ($7)
Ch Giò - Spring Rolls ($4)
Bún Ch Hà Ni - Hanoi Style Grilled Pork ($11)
Bò Lúc Lc - Shaken Beef  ($14)

All the dish we shared were solid. Nothing too amazing but it was a good dining experience."
"Acres and Acres of Sunflowers in bloom! What a view!

Davis Feed and Farm Supply opens up their sunflower field annually for 2 weeks or so (weather and flowers permitting) at the end of July for public viewing.

I love how organized everything is here. Parking ""lot"" is supervised with at least 1 or 2 attendants to guide you to where to park your vehicles. But I would suggest arrive early to avoid the crowds regardless.

$5 admission fees. 
- Pay in cash in the front ""Admission & Gifts"". Your hand will be stamped
- The Davis family donates one dollar of the admission cost to the Canadian Celiac Association

Stay on the ""trails"": There are 2 trails
- A short 10 minute walk to the Harry and Joan's Tree. If you just want to take some photos of you surrounded by flowers without too much hassle or you with toddlers and seniors, this would be fast and effortless. 
- A longer 45 minute walk around the Sunflower field. If you have more time and can walk unevenl paths. It is less crowded and feels more surreal like you really surrounded by a sea/ocean of flowers

Bugs?
- Bees and flies and spiders and what not. This is naturel. The bees are all busy with their flowers and they won't bother you. I enjoyed listening to the sound of the humming bees, just like music. Come on a sunny afternoon and leave before dusk if bugs really bothers you.

When to visit?
- Check https://www.instagram.com/davisfeedfarmsupply/ for most updated information. And go there ASAP. But you always have next season. The last day the farm open for 2018 is Monday Civic Holiday

Take a lot of photos or just enjoy the breathtaking view. And remember be considerate and respectful of their property. The Sunflowers are not prop for your IG photos."
"24/7 

It is now hard to find another grocery store that opens that kind of hours! 

Great to pick up something anytime. I like to come here for late night shopping.

They selling beers till 11 pm. Selection is ok but when you need to pick up some beers while getting your chips? 

Hope they won't change their opening hours moving forward!"
"Furnishings 2Days is one of the vendors located inside The Furniture Mall. 

The showroom is quite pleasant to browse around as it is not crammed and you are encouraged to try out the sofas and even lay around a little on the day beds...

A good selection of both Natuzzi and ItalSofa. Most of the furniture are custom made as there are quite a few different colours and materials to choose from.

Staff is really helpful without being intrusive. 

You might find something that fit your budget or your style!"
"Sausage and Beer!

I love this Wrvst vs their original location. Right inside Union Station, just so convenient. Best for meeting up before catching Go Train or even before Game Time.

Different sausages to pick from the standard to the more exotic protein. Crocodile, Kangaroo or even Vegetarian.

Beer selection is always interesting with draft from local breweries for $8 or so.

Self Served but the staff here always helpful.

Communal seating but they do have some booths and bar seating with TV.

Price is high but worth the experience, especially after I went to a game where beers cost $15 ++"
"I love Banana Republic! 

But I hate Banana Republic Factory Store!

I know I know, since I am shopping at a Factory Store, I shouldn't expect to have the most up to date stylish clothing.... 

But the store is always so messy and not organized.

I rather wait for a sale at the regular store than coming to stop at the Factory Store."
"3.5 Star

Visiting Black Camel gives me this sweet, warm and fuzzy feeling..

Maybe because I am sharing a Slow Roasted Beef Brisket with Black Camel BBQ Sauce ($7) and Caramelized Onions with my Yelp friend?

Maybe because my sandwich has all these sweet items... sweet BBQ sauce and the caramelized onion, even the beef was soft and sweet..

Maybe it is just a nice and sunny day... 

For sure I know is the staffs are super sweet and cheerful. The patrons here are polite and friendly.

Maybe next time I need to have a cup of their coffee, seems like the whole neighbourhood are getting one to go before hopping on the subway or have a walk in the park across the street!"
"Love Serano Bakery's little bite sized desserts.

Great to pop in and get a dozen of different colours/flavours when visiting friends or entertain at home. 

Make sure to get a number from the machine even when you are the only one customer there. The ladies working there would think you are not going to purchase anything if you don't get a number.

The little cakes though are not the fancy quality but at this price I could not complain too much."
"This review is based on Bangkok Thai Cuisine's lunch special. 

For $11.95, a choice of soup, spring roll and a main. Picking one item from the diversify menu was not easy. 

Basil Beef with Rice ($11.95) extra spicy! I love how the chef add spiciness using fresh Thai chili pepper. Really healthy with a lot of veggies which was still nice and crunchy from the fast wok fried!

Services was attentive and polite. 

Worth coming by if you are in the area and have craving for some authentic Thai food."
"I have been wanting to have a meal at L'express after reading all these Yelp reviews. I guess setting my expectation too high left me a little disappointed. 

Making a reservation using Opentable was just so convenient. I was though really surprised  that the restaurant was not busy on a Sunday afternoon. 

But I doubt I going to have what we ordered for lunch regularly as I can feel my arteries clogging up... 

Bone Marrow, Veal Kidney, Croque-Monsieur were all quite heavy and I was ready for afternoon nap after my lunch! Those pickles on the side though was delicious as it helped with my digestion and I just couldn't stop eating those!

Service here was excellent. The deco and vibe is classical French Bistro.

But I just not feeling it... maybe I was just too full after all these eating. Or maybe I should go all the way and order foie gras instead!"
"Big Trouble is fun and hip! Love all the funky decor! A cross between retro Chinese and modern North American context.

Coming here on an earlier Saturday evening was a good call as the place is half full and we can really enjoyed the ambience. 

We ordered a few items to share. I think most of the food was a miss or so so. Honestly, Big Trouble here is more like a watering hole and one should not have high expectation of food. 

Beers was good: Big Trouble Ale and  Hitachino IPA. Lychee Mojito was simple but good foo foo drinks.

Big Trouble is kind of fun if you want to just hang out with friends and for a quick drink. On weekends after 9 pm, it turns into a dance club."
"I love the vibe of Chiang Mai. 

A more trendy and modern eatery with booth seating and that huge TV! I can imagine myself munching on Thai snack and drinking a Thai beer or Thai inspired cocktails while enjoying a game.

Food menu is interesting with some Thai classic and some no standard items. The presentation of food is nice and IG worthy. 

3 items to share:

Thai Green Mango Salad ($11) was tasty. Simply adding a little fresh herbs would have enhanced the flavour profile

Royal Pad Thai ($16) was disappointing. The portion is small and even no fresh bean sprouts as described in the menu. The taste though was good and have that fresh of the wok taste!

Mango Sticky Rice ($8) probably the best item of the evening! Nicely presented and with great elements: fresh pineapple and mango was nicely contrasting the heaviness of sweet sticky rice with cashews adding the crunch!

I would give Chiang Mai another chance when I am in the neighbourhood as I do love eating Thai food!"
"I love matcha everything and Tsujiri Patisserie really delivers!

I had been to quite a few Tsujiri in Toronto and even in Asia. This location has one of the best set up. Plenty of seating! You can actually has somewhere to enjoy all these desserts and drinks vs Dundas location.

Tomoyuki is the master baker who bakes all the delicious sweets that you see here and all the other Tsujiri locations in GTA. I highly recommend their pastries. But I love their soft serves too! So always a struggle for me what should I have whenever I visit the store. 

Service is friendly and courtesy with a smile.

Conveniently located near Wellesley Subway Station. 

I just wish there is a Tsujiri open up in Markham one day...."
"It was so busy even on a weekday and I can't imagine how it will be like on a weekend!

Came here for lunch/brunch and a business meeting. Probably not the best place for meetings as the restaurant is small and tables are set up really close to each other.

I like the idea of having Chinese style preserved sausage in my hash. It was tasty! Coffee was good and no complaints.

Service is mixed. It took a long time for us to get the menu and placed our order. I tried to order at the counter and I was told they would take our order at the table.

Since there are not too many Asian Fusion brunch place in the area, so worth checking out if you are in the hood."
"Love going to UYE event and thanks for Elaine organizing that at Mezzetta Cafe Restaurant! More people More power! These are the dishes I able to have a taste of:

Sharing:

*Tahina - A rich purée of sesame seeds, parsley and garlic - nice and refrefreshing but flavours overpowered by all the other tapas we ordered! 

*Houmous - puree of chick peas with tahina and lemon, and a secret blend of spices - A OK with the pita bread

*Eggplant Garlic A bold puree of flame-roasted eggplant, garlic, dill, mint, and vinegar

*Fried Yams - Crispy deep-fried yam chips, dressed with fried onion shavings - Yam! Yum! Giulana witnessed me ate the whole order by myself!

*Potatoe Sambousak -  Potato and onion puree wrapped in puff pastry, three pieces dressed with mezziki - brownish looking.. too bad those are not mini chocolate cakes.. dry and uninspiring!

*Exotic Green Beans - Crisp-fried green beans, shaved onion, dill and garlic, dressed spicy hot - not spicy hot at all! But the beans were cooked well, crunchy and fresh! My fave of the night!

*Mushrooms - Tender sautéed button mushrooms served in a garlic vinaigrette - standard, ok but not too exciting!

Not Sharing: (But I made them share with me)

*Kofta - spiced minced beef balls served in a rich tomatoe sauce - Not bad, but not really outstanding..
 
*Dream Sausage -  Flame-grilled beef-lamb sausage, spiced with herbed hot sauce (Stole from Tony F) MEH.. too lamby!

*Fish Shish -  Tasty, marinated marlin or swordfish, flame-grilled, 2 skewers (Stole from Giulana B) - GREAT! light and refreshing with a hint of lemon

*Lamb Shish - Savoury chunks of marinated lamb leg, flame-grilled, 2 skewers (Stole from Tony F) - Surprised that I like it! Rich flavour without lamby taste
 
*Vine Leaves -  Herbed minced beef and spiced Basmati rice wrapped in vine leaves and dressed with garlic yogourt and dill (Stole from Giulana) - hey I have no idea I should eat the leaves.. Chinese don't eat the leaves we used that as a wrapping!

*Chicken Shish -  Delicate, juicy marinated chicken breast, flame-grilled - A-OK, but not really memorable!

I have a really enjoyable meal... the bills come out to be $15 per person with taxes and tips. I think I don't mind going on a Toonie Tuesday as a value oriented person that will be the way to go!!

*Special thanks for Tony F and Giulana for letting me try their food.. And I hope they will still sit next to me next time when we eating out together!"
"I am NOT a fan of buffet. I just cannot handle all you can eat, since I want to try everything so I end up overeat! However, I don't mind going to Star Walk once in awhile.

There are so many choices of food here! We have a party last Sunday with over 20 people and that includes people from different nationality (Chinese, Filipino, Canadian, Russian, Hungarian) and they all enjoy the food there! It is so hard to please everyone but with the food selections here they all find something they like to eat.

There are Chinese Northern dishes peking duck/dumplings/buns/spicy fishes, Japanese sushi/cold noodles/sashami, Cantonese stir fried veg/meat/fish/rice/noodles/lobsters/chicken , Vietnamese grilled meat, desserts fresh fruits/cakes/icecream/sweet soup..

The service is ok, nothing to write home about.

However, I would rather order a la carte from a restaurant over eating at a buffet. I like the taste of food just fresh and steaming hot from the wok! And of course it is more hygienic than people picking through the buffet!

There are sometimes coupons online that give you $1 or $2 discount. They do accept Interac, Visa and MC."
"This might be one of the most expensive lunch I had in Richmond Hill. Even with 10% Soft Opening Discount my bill was over $40 with tips.

Maybe I am a big eater but I finished everything I ordered with no problem. 

What I had:

Flat White ($5)
- Meh as the milk was not frothed probably. At this price point and with a Slayer Machine, I expected to be much better. The waiter was nice and offered to make me another one but still the same issue

48H Short Rib Donburi ($18)
- Tender with good flavour. Rice was nice an fluffy. Probably the best for value 

Souffle Pancakes ($14)
- When I ordered this, it only came with 2 pancakes. It was way overpriced but I think now they serves 3 pancakes per order
- Nice and fluffy which I enjoyed. I wish there is a little more element on the side to make it taste more interesting

Service was a little green but hopefully that would improve over time. The price point is high for the area and what the cafe offers. I do understand that business needs to make a profit but we customers do want to have a good dining experience without feeling being ripped off.

10% off still make Cafe Bon Bon worth trying but I am not sure if I would willing to pay full prices for the dining experience.

BTW, just for reference: A 12 oz NY Striploin at The Keg cost $36 VS A 10 oz NY Striploin at Cafe Bon Bon cost $32. I have yet tried Cafe Bon Bon's steak. I hope it worth the price tag."
"Jimmy's coffee is housed in an older building with a lot of character. I love the deco and the openness of the seating area. They also put in quite a few electric outlets for customers to hook up their laptops. There are selection of different seating options: small tables for 2, armchairs and some bigger tables at the back. 

Jimmy's Coffee has always been one of my favourite in town. Their Jimmy's Coffee beans is sourced by Classical Gourmet and roasted in Vaughan. 

My Macchioto ($2.50) was bold and rich. A great pick me up shot for the late afternoon."
"Drop by for lunch today again..... 

If you can eat in, don't do take out as the eat in portion is huge!

Mee Jave ($6.50)
- a cross between a broth based and a stir fried noodle
- yellow noodles still has this chewy al dente texture
- the gravy is spicy and slightly sweet curry-like 

Mango Salad ($4.99)
- Fish sauce, cilantro and chili pepper dressing
- anchovy as garnish
- the fresh chili pepper can be really spicy which I love!

The staffs really need more training! They are nice and trying but seems like most of them has minimum experience in the business."
"Lunch Specials always the way to go! 

I haven't been back for years after my initial visit. But since I have some out of town friends visiting, we decided to have lunch at the new location of Fishman Lobster.

Lobster Mountain?! $17/lb for a 4-6 lb lobster is good enough to feed 4 people. Pretty reasonable as with tax and tips comes out to be $25 pp.

Ended up my friend from out of town did not make it. And me and another girl got to eat that whole lobster. It was good but a little too much. We did finish the whole lobster and packed the lobster roe fried rice and vegetables to go.

It did taste a little boring after eating the same thing for awhile. I would suggest get a combination of different preparation options which would have make the experience a little more interesting. 

The new restaurant is a lot more spacious and looks pretty nice. Glad that they are doing well and willing to expand.

BTW, $3800 XO Cognac to go with all these seafood? I don't even realize that cognac is good pairing with any seafood?!"
"I am a fan!

I was here at BMO Field for a soccer game. I was quite impressed with the set up of the venue. Easily accessible by public transit: Go Train and Streetcar stops right at the entrance! 

Typical selection for food and drink. It is kind of nice to enjoy a beer while watching the game. Sadly the price is not cheap but as expect in a sport venue."
"This review is based on Toonie Tuesday at Sunrise Caribbean Restaurant. 

I was so disappointed that I missed the Lunch Specials when I walked into Sunrise passed 3 pm. Not that I am crazy about eating Curry Mutton.. but I always looking for specials. But it was my lucky day!! It is Toonie Tuesday.. so I can now get either Jerk Chicken or Fry Chicken with rice and peas for $2.99 till 7pm. That's perfect! 

I love dark meat though it has more fat content but it always turn out tender and juicy and harder to mess up... (even I cannot mess that up!) The whole chicken leg is juicy and spicy the way Jerk chicken suppose to me... and of course YES to gravy! 

The deco is cafeteria like.. but the more primitive it is.. the more I feel like I am down at Jamaica.. even the lady that served me has a heavy Caribbean accent while I ordered my food with my Chinese accent... that's when cultures meet!"
"Macarons in colour of rainbows.... Hot Pink? Turquoise? Peach? Dark Green? Deep Violet? Sexy Red?

The funny thing is some of the colors has no direct coordination to the flavours..... 

The macarons at $2 each though not the best I had but the flavours are quite intense! Love the real pieces of pistachio in the butter cream filling!

The set up though a little awkward, not too welcoming for staying in.

I would wait for my Yelp friend do a review on the $3.95 peanut butter tart... at that price, it better be good?"
"I now declare Tong Ha Supreme BBQ makes Supreme BBQ Pork (Cha Shiu) in Scarborough or even in GTA.

Good quality ingredients result in good products. The BBQ Pork has this perfect mix of lean and fat. So moist, so soft and so tasty! See how nice the marblization that pork has in the photos!"
"Eggette Hut give you a taste of Hong Kong's famous Egg Waffles in Markham!

I do love the different flavours they offers. But my heart had decided on durian already. As a durian lover, I was not disappointed as each little eggette has a piece of durian! 

If you love your eggette super crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside, give Eggette Hut a try!

Love the special designed paper bags that have holes so the egg waffles would stay nice and crispy!

Owner is super friendly! Thanks for being my hand model while I took a photo of my beautiful egg waffles!"
"Pho Saigon's location is quite conveniently located right by 401 and Pickering Town Centre.

The interior of the restaurant is clean and nicely decorated with an Asian theme... (Not too many Pho places can be described as such since a lot of them are like tables and chairs and that's it!)

Rare Beef and Tripes Pho M ($7)
- Not too many beef...  ok.. not many as 4 thinly sliced beef... and a little tripes
- Noodle is the dried type... not bad.. but I don't expect any fresh ones from any restaurant that not in Toronto... 
- Broth is not bad... not too salty.. not too much MSG since I did not find myself been really thirsty even during my yoga class afterwards

Services here is efficient... I got my pho.. and they got my money... 

I don't mind coming here for my Pho fix if I am in the area.. at least it is authentic Vietnamese and not some strange ""fusion"" Asian food!"
"Kabob Guys is amazing!

Pre ordered via Ritual app and food ready to picked up as scheduled.

Beef Tikka Kabob Wrap ($7.99) The beef is tender and well flavoured! I love that taste of right of the grill taste of charcoal! The wrap is not doughy at all but nice and soft. 

Hot sauce is a must. But I do love it hot.

Friendly service!"
"OMG XXX BBQ Sauce house made with Ghost Pepper! Just proceed with caution.

And of course there are other BBQ sauce: Sweet or Hickory for you to choose from.

We shared: 

Ribs and Brisket ($24.95) 1/2 Rack of Ribs and 1 lb of Brisket with fries, coleslaw and beans.

Brisket was tender and fatty, Ribs was meaty and flavoured. And go so well with whatever BBQ sauce you choose!

Staff here is all so friendly and nice. Though the dining area looks like a self serve takeout joint, they do offers full table service.

Ricky's Cookhouse is good place if you have craving for some good meat in the area. May not worth a special trip...but I would for the OMG XXX BBQ Sauce!"
"York Farmers Market looks so out of place. I can imagine the days back in 1953 when the area is like a farmland and it does have this back in the old days vibe when I stepped inside the Market itself.

York Farmers Market got extra points for being an indoor market that opens year round and from Thu to Sunday. I never get to visit any of those farmer markets that only opens Saturdays.

You can find butchers, fresh vegetables, tea shops, maple syrups, cheese and baked goods. Nothing compare to St. Lawrence Market but it doesn't have that touristy feel to it.

I hope York Farmers Market will be around for another 50 years... but I won't be surprise next time when I drive by, it will be torn down to make way for more condos..."
"I am so Happy that Happy Congee is open for business in the food court area of Field Fresh Supermarket (Old T&T). 

#1 Beef Congee and Plain Rice Roll ($5.50) always my order to go combo. To celebrate for the first snow storm for Winter 2016, I decided to order a fried dough! Freshly from the fryer, went so well with the congee.

Cash Only!"
